Hello. Hey, what's up? I'm your manager.
Am I your manager? You're on a mission
to free the moon. It should be somewhere
in this building. We sent others before.
We lost contact with them. Now it's your
turn. What the [ __ ] does that mean? What
the hell? I'll try to guide you through
that building. Now turn on the
electricity.
I have a question though. Oh yeah. You
normally at night time, right, you get
sunlight reflecting off the moon and
that creates what we call moonlight,
right? If the moon is trapped in the
building, what's the light in the sky?
Uh, refraction.
I don't know, dude. Interact. We just go
in. Oh, yeah. I guess like I'm carrying
a plug. You are. I don't know. It's a
transmitter. Guess we're going to leave
the door wide open. I got to stay with
you, brother, because I can't What the I
can't see [ __ ] Is that a giant cat?
Sleeping cat. It is a giant sleeping
cat. Kitten. [ __ ] That's a kitten.
I don't know about that, homie. Like, I
can't jump. I wanted to jump on it.
Leave item. Oh, jump. Weird controls.
Why are Why is just using telekinesis to
keep the items in front of us?
We don't need hands. We're astronauts,
dude. We operated zero gravity.
What happened? Did the cat wake up? No,
I'm just sitting down. Uh, yeah.
Exactly. Yeah. See? Yeah. Yeah. I'm just
sitting there.
Got my light on the cat. There's a
glowing door over here. So, let's uh
check it out. Let's check it out. If I
understand this correctly, Slender Man
is in this game. Yeah, there's a lot of
weird entities, I think. Yeah. And I
don't mean like, oh, this thing reminds
me of Slender Man. It's like I think
it's literally Slender. Actual Slender
Man. Is Slender Man copyright?
What just happened to you? I don't know.
Was outside the window. I think
something was out the window. TV one.
Oh, I have a TV, dude. It says no
signal. Hold on. There's another item
over here, I think. What is that? Why is
a [ __ ] TV? I don't know. We're
supposed to solve puzzles. I got to put
a TV somewhere. Oh, here we go. Here we
go. Here we go. Uh, first floor
electricity is off. I'm seeing stars.
Why are you seeing stars? Okay, guys.
That scared the [ __ ] out of me. What do
you mean? Here we go. We did. Let's get
the mattress, dude. Cuddle time.
Comfort.
Aimbo. All right.
I like how your your lamp is called a
hand lamp. That thing is [ __ ]
massive, dude. It's Yeah. I mean, it's
for my hand. You dropped it on the
floor. It was huge. Can we wake up the
kitty? His his little ear moved. Light
switch. Okay, that does exactly what
it's supposed to. There's a bunch of
chains here. We need to cut these
somehow. Hello.
Uh, if you need a computer, it hasn't
been set up yet. The monitor can be
found in the library and the input
device is in the storage room. Uh, if
you're confused and don't know what to
do, check the chat with the manager.
Open the menu. Oh, tab. Oh, hey. Wait,
he can ask some questions about the kit.
Oh, we can. Oh, it's strange. Strange.
What? No [ __ ]
man. This guy sucks. What did he say? He
didn't. I said, "What's next?" He said,
"Hm." One of the missing went to the
basement to get to the western part of
the main building. We lost contact with
them. Try going there. Be careful. Okay,
sure. Ooh, what's this device on the
wall? Safe terminal.
Oh, 22. Uh-oh. There's a countdown.
Counting down. Whoa, dude. There's a
weird There's a thing with a hat. You
see this [ __ ] right here? Come to this
window. It's got a hat on. This thing's
got a hat on.
Oh, what the [ __ ] is that? I thought
that was like some plastic thing falling
over. Data first floor. Okay, data on
the map has
been press tab and get a map. Oh, look
at that. Check me out. Check me out.
Check me out.
You hear that? Oh, dude, look at me. You
hear that? No. You don't hear the
footsteps? Come here. Get your light out
of my eye. I saw something over there.
What is that?
Some walking. Second window. Yeah.
Second floor. Some walking. Some walk.
It looks like a FL from Final Fantasy.
Dude, I was just thinking that. I was
like, let's not hit it so it doesn't
blow up. You can change your appearance
right here. And it actually shows you
like all the colors. Oh, for real? Oh
[ __ ] Did I [ __ ] up and change my color?
I got to go back. There we go. What's
this little guy? Can I become him? I
don't know. What is this game? I don't
know. The current objective is displayed
in the top left corner of the screen.
Explore the basement. When dying, if
there are other survivor players, the
players become a spectator. When saving,
all dead players, stop being
Oops.
All right, I guess we're taking
elevator. Is we're [ __ ] going to the
basement now? I mean, this feels like a
basement, but I guess we're going
basement. Basement. Oh, basement two.
That would be why. There's two
basements. Two.
What? Dude, there's You have no There's
no soul. I can see my actual reflection
in your That's cool. Yeah, I can see
mine, too. Yeah.
Uh-oh. I don't like that sound. What the
[ __ ] kind of basement is?
Did you see that? I saw So, you were in
the way, you [ __ ] It was a shadow of
like some giant creature and he was he
was picking up an astronaut guy by his
head. Oh, Jesus. Well, I hear the
breathing for sure. I mean, there's no
question about that. Okay, here we go.
Unfinished broken lever. Oh, we need a
lever handle. What the Oh, Jesus Christ.
Wait, there's a dead astronaut right
there. Oh, that's a great sign. It is. I
know it's a bad idea. The darkness ahead
is too thick. What is that? Why is it
running towards me? This is the ant.
Wait, what is that? Some like black box?
What do you mean? Huh? Like how do how
do they know his dying thoughts? Yeah,
some
dude he just walked away. I don't know.
There's something with tentacles. It's
big. It's giant manass.
Don't let it see you. It says which way
did he go? To the right. Uh he went to
the right. But the second right down
there, not the first right. Oh, we're
back. That's the elevator. You open this
door. Oh. Oh yeah. We need a lever.
[ __ ]
We have to go this way. He went there's
a second right. He went down the second
right up there. Okay.
Oh da on the map has been obtained. Oh,
check the
map.
What? Jesus [ __ ] Christ. What the
hell? I don't know what that is. It's
Slenderman. It's literally Slender Man.
But why does he have tentacles coming
out of him? His head. He's He's so tall.
His head is dragging on the ceiling.
If that is even possible. Are you alive?
No. You're dead. You need to save. You
need to go back to the elevator and save
to bring me back, right? I guess. Yeah.
I don't I don't [ __ ] know what I'm
doing. How did he kill you? What? What?
What happened? Oh, he just chased me. I
don't know. It was a big mess of
tentacles. Turn around, dude. [ __ ] I'm
right. This is the elevator, right? Yes,
go into it. Oh, you want me to go into
it? Oh, okay. Yeah, go up to the safe.
Not working. Oh, not working. Oh, crap.
All right, I I'll I I'll get you.
There's got to be a safe down here
somewhere. Didn't Check your map. Check
your map. We don't have Do we have map
data? Yeah, we obtained it. I hear him
walking.
I'm going to try to go straight back.
I want it. I want it. He's coming. He's
got an astronaut helmet. Oh [ __ ] He's
got an astronaut helmet. Yeah, Slender
Man has a Turn off your light. I can't I
can't I don't have a light. It's just
constantly there. Oh, okay. He went to
the left.
Dude, what does that say? It hears your
footsteps. Okay, so I shouldn't run
probably. Oh,
what was that? I don't
know. Okay, he's a little creepy. You
know what's funny? I have the option to
kick you right now and end the game. I'm
just saying.
I guess I could just close the game out,
but it'd be way funnier if I just kick
you. My body's back there. Can you do
anything with it? Go grab my flashlight.
Where? Right back in here. Yeah, I got
killed.
Yeah. Oh, I'm just gone. Yeah, that was
that was the map data. I ran back. He's
He's there. No, no, no, no. I hear his
footsteps. No, no, no. Why are you going
there? I heard his footsteps over there.
You're crazy. No, he's not there. He's
going around. You're a
liar. You're freaking me out, dude. You
crouching. This is the You look like
you're holding an actual like lamp like
a with a with a shade on it. That's a
good hiding spot right there. Good hide.
Yeah, that's a good hiding spot. As long
as I got past him and I'm progressing.
If you see it, Dude, I hear it. How do
you not hear it? I do hear him, but he's
back behind me. How can you tell how
many walls are between you and it? I can
hear what direction he's coming from. I
don't know how many walls are my
headphones are not on backwards. You
always I think you're the confused one.
You keep walking towards the You keep
walking towards the footsteps.
Everybody shush everybody. See, he's
right there. I knew
I Jesus Christ. Hunchback, dude.
Dude, that's got to hurt. That's
scoliosis the other way. He's coming,
dude. He's running. He's running.
Brother. Brother. Crouch. Holy Christ.
Don't turn your light.
Oh my god.
You can't see. Besides your beautiful
ass. You can't see what I can see. That
was terrifying. You were so close to
getting caught. Good [ __ ] brother. I'm
going to go put the lever on. Yeah,
you're already halfway back. Just go. I
need help, man. Which way to go?
Slenderman man being put in the Oh god.
Hide. Hide. Hide. Hide. Hide. You're
good. You're good. You're good. You're
good. You're good. You're good. You're
good. Holy [ __ ] Oh my [ __ ] god. See,
he keeps like bumping into the walls and
[ __ ] He has no idea what he's doing. I
don't like being chased. Why is this
stressful for me? I'm spectating.
Oh, here we go. You got a little
correctly. He's there. He's there. He's
there.
[ __ ] Holy [ __ ] dude. Holy
[ __ ] dude. The chase sound is so
absurd. There's no way you're hiding
behind that. You're bigger than the
barrel. He's coming. Oh, he's like
he's I [ __ ] hate that sound. Oh my
lord. Can you just get back, please?
What is all that?
Scanner. The scanner. He's coming. He's
coming.
What are you doing? Run. I I my I had my
I scratched my nose. I scratched my
nose. It was the wrong time to scratch
my nose. Okay, this is a good sign. Good
sign. No. No. Turn. Turn. Turn. Turn.
Turn. Turn. Oh, no. You're good. It's
right there. I'm panicking. Don't listen
to me. All right.
Save. Oh, come on,
dude. Who the Jesus Christ? Give me Give
me Sorry, I didn't mean to jump scare
you. I was coming back. Give me a Yeah.
Thank you. Good [ __ ] brother. What does
the manhole do?
Okay. I was hoping I was going to get
eaten. Damn, look at you, man. Surviving
it. Oh, we're outside. Thanks, dude. I
think I I think there was another way
down there, but yeah. Oh, whoa, that's
loud. What does this say? You better
hide. What the [ __ ] does that mean?
Better hide. Uh, is there a good hiding
spot you see anywhere? Yeah, just crouch
down. You're in the grass like crazy.
Oh, I Oh, good.
What the [ __ ]
Brother, are you seeing this? What the
[ __ ] What the [ __ ] is that? I don't
know. I don't know what Oh my god. What
the [ __ ] I'm dead. I I watched you die.
What am I doing? Uh I don't know,
brother. I can't I can't see the
objective. Uh it's time to try going.
Why won't he talk to the manager? Talk
to the manager. I can't talk to him
again. It says get it to the library.
Yeah. I don't know what else to do.
Where's the library, dude? What is that
thing? Is he gone? Oh, he's gone.
Hopefully. Oh, yeah. There. Look, look
in front of you. Look in front of you in
the building. There's a hole in the
building. It's probably goes into the
library. In the building, the big
building. Look at the hole. It looks
like there's books in there.
Way these characters walk cracks me up.
Hey, come back, buddy. Come back, buddy.
Hey, thanks, man. Why did you just pop
it through? Yeah.
Oh, he broke this. This is fresh uh
fresh. Yeah. No, he came in. Collect
electrical boxes and apply them to empty
slots of electrical circuits. Electrical
boxes are stored in red chests. Yeah, I
found two. I know. One goes right here.
Boom. I'll pick up
another one right here. Put it there.
Oh, there's one right here. All right,
I'm out. There we go. We're missing one.
We're missing one. I got it. Oh, nice. I
got it. It was It was right there. Look
at that. I just crouched and was able to
get it. There we go. Now what? Open that
door. Monitor. All right. We need the
keys, though. But we're supposed to take
this. Oh, we're back in the hallway.
Yeah.
Oh my god. What just happened? Slender
Man just sprinted across. I was turned
the other Slenderman doesn't run, dude.
He doesn't move. That's what I don't
understand. He's not Oh, the kitty. Did
Slenderman kill the kitty? What is that?
What is that? He said the computer in
room 1.1 and transmit the data through
transmitter. Yeah. Yeah, there's
something. I'm hearing walking
everywhere. Brother, what is that?
Andy, why did you turn your back on it?
Because I have three things surrounding
me. There's a woman standing against the
wall there and I hear walking outside.
It's following you. Woman against the
wall. It's following
you. It likes you, dude. What the [ __ ]
Watch out. Okay, I'm going to go put the
monitor down. Hey, [ __ ] off. What the
[ __ ] brother?
What? What does this thing want? Slender
Man's coming up. I don't know what he
wants. I'm putting the monitor in here,
though. I know that. Okay. He doesn't do
anything. What the [ __ ] is this anime
lady? I'm looking for the moon. Oh, I
see. Have you noticed how weird it is?
The rain. this building. I think we're
probably all in some kind of matrix. No.
Why are you so tall? Thanks. I guess
it's just my thing. Here in this place,
weirdness is more of a rule than an
exception. How could the moon even be
here? It's massive. You just said the
world was weird. You're
useless. Holy
[Music]
hell. What? Slender Man is free roaming
here, dude. Yeah. Do we need to be
careful, dude? He's like right there.
Try telling you, man. No, I know. I
thought he was I didn't think Oh, yeah.
Can you go to the save point? Are you
dead?
What the [ __ ] was that? Sorry. I mean,
do we even think there's anything up
here? I have no idea. What's that? I
think the bigger question is what the
[ __ ] was that thing outside? Huh? What
was that gigantic white thing? idea. Mr.
Slindo, I hear something. Wait, where
could he have gone? Did he go out the
window? No, he went down. Okay, back
down. There's a roof. Look me up.
I can't get out there. It told us to go
into the basement. You did bypass that
input device or not input device, but it
was like a device or something, which
I'm assuming is the input device. I feel
like you think he's back in here or
what? Yeah, that must be the input
device. Yeah, it's got to be you. Yeah.
No, it's a scanner. But whatever. Maybe
you can scan for the input device. Well,
you Well, you scan and it inputs it into
the computer. Yeah, he's back there.
He's back there. He's back there. Okay,
let's go. Let's go. Let's go. I went the
wrong way, brother. Why did you What do
you mean? [ __ ] God, there's a green
light. Yeah, well, I was avoiding him.
Are you back here? Are you out here? No.
How How have you not gotten out? Where
were you?
I found the elevator. I'm just coming to
the elevator. [ __ ] [ __ ] it. The
elevator's not working. Don't tell me
what to do. It's broken. Don't Don't
tell me what to do. Get your ass back
here.
I want to let you know that this scanner
thing now it looks like there's a bunch
of Oh, you show up on it. Oh, yeah. So,
there's a bunch of other flashing
lights, too. Everywhere. There's a bunch
of probably Yeah, probably Slender
everywhere. No, there's more than one.
There's a lot. All right, we'll try this
and see if that's the input device. Oh,
the little guy shows up. Hold on. Sorry.
I don't know what this uh this [ __ ]
wants. Can you move the TV? The TV's in
the way. I'm not getting the prompt.
It is not the input device.
Oh, the pantry's open. Oh, hey, we're
here. Come back to the back corner.
Opposite side. Yeah. Oh, [ __ ] This is
open now. This is the place you wanted
to crawl to. Oh, yeah. This is the
place. There's just a book inside. Don't
waste your time. Oh [ __ ] There's
not an input. Input. Input device. Giant
ass keyboard. I unlocked. Oh, am I
taking it? All right, I'll take it. You
said the Oh, I got this. I got this.
I'm getting pretty good at puzzles, man.
I know, but I love I love this puzzle.
See, this was easy, dude. We You have it
right. Put it down. You had it right.
Put it back. What do you mean? We have
to find the other piece. Put it move
that down. Look, this is right. How is
that right? It is. It's a circle. I
think it's supposed to right is supposed
to be in the middle. Like that one's
supposed to be there. And then this one
is needs to be on the left side. So, let
me bring that back up over here. That's
in the middle. That side. That middle
up. Bam. Now, I need to get that piece
on top left in the bottom. You know what
would help? If you finish this goddamn
puzzle, Mr. I love these. I love I
didn't say I was good at them. I said I
love
them. No, this is easy, bro. Don't even
watch me solve this [ __ ] This entire
puzzle. It looks like you're struggling
a little bit there, brother. I got to
tell you, I know you've made some
progress and I know you know where the
pieces need to go, but from my
perspective, it just looks like you're
moving the all the pieces around in a
rectangle repeatedly.
What are you talking about? That's what
you're doing. What are you talking
about? Stop.
There you go. All right. Here you go.
Good job, buddy.
You carry the input device.
Okay. I can't. Why the [ __ ] do you
wiggle your ass? I'm putting out. Leave
me alone. I'm putting out. All right.
Five books.
An input device. Why can't we just
[ __ ] call it a keyboard? And also,
why am I not listen? A computer would
call your keyboard an input device. Oh
[ __ ] the little guy scared me.
All right. Put the Put the trans
transluc.
Oh, son of a [ __ ]
Why is it Why is it all sparkly? Find
out the password. Use chat. Oh, chat
with the manager. Password. It's Moon.
No [ __ ] Really? That's so secret.
Restart the transmitter. But that
shouldn't Yeah. Transmitting data. Let's
go, baby.
Uh, the computer is unlocked. Stranger
lady. What the [ __ ]
She found a new corner. Certain
laboratory. I think we should try to
find it. We got to find a lab, brother.
Oh my god. Don't know where to go next.
I saw a secret passage. Maybe you could
go through. Let's go there. She's going
to We got to follow her.
Hey, I'm
just What's happening? Is he growing
bigger? Help me. Help me. Help me. He
just killed himself in front of you. Are
you traumatized for life now? Come in
close. Oh, I turned around.
Is that like her little pet? I do like
how they Are you kidding me? You know
how much I was thinking that there was
something behind that door and she just
had to come and move it for us. Yeah.
Wow. Slender
space. Space. Space man. Slender man.
Yeah. Well, you can't breathe in this
place. [ __ ] creepy. I do like how
they animated her to like duck.
Yeah, that was cool. There's something
else. There's something else behind me.
Yeah, this is one developer, bro.
You okay? He got me through the wall. He
got me through the
wall. Literally through the wall, dude.
He grabbed me through the [ __ ] wall.
Thanks, buddy. Here. I turned the corner
and your body was right there. Can we go
the other way now? Yeah, we can go this
way. I opened the door.
I heard other footsteps, by the way, not
just his. It was probably me walking
beside you. I think you It was like high
heels. It was high heels. Dude, you do
not make high heels. It was probably It
was probably her. Who? She's wearing
high heels. The lady. I don't I don't
know why. Yeah, but I mean I I got to
assume that's what you're hearing. Or
could be another. Okay, we could we
could we could hop outside here. Oh
Jesus, dude.
Oh god, man. Just watch that whole thing
happen. Get back here. He's coming. He's
coming. He knows we're here. He knows
we're here.
Move here. Oh, you [ __ ]
[ __ ] This guy [ __ ] sucks,
dude. Is this the same? Are you dead?
No. I don't know that I can get back in.
Yeah, I can't get back in. Oh, he's
building on the He's on the outside.
Okay. All right. There's going to be
that thing is going to be back out. Oh,
you're right.
Are you alive? What the
I'm leaving, dude. I don't know what's
happening. I don't like any of this. Are
you alive? Yeah, I'm alive. What the
[ __ ] happened? Look at this thing behind
me, dude. Where are
you? What is that?
What the [ __ ] I don't know.
What? What?
Come right at me. I thought you were
dead. You said you were dead. Oh, I'm
alive.
You better run.
He jumps. He jumps. I'm leaving. Mother,
he's right behind you. No [ __ ] dude.
Open the door, please.
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm in. I'm in. I'm in. Come on. Over
there. I got to get over there.
Are you dead? No.
What the [ __ ] do I do? How the [ __ ]
Come on. Run. Just run. You outrun him.
It's all good. Nothing to fear, brother.
His back is broken, dude. He's got
extreme scoliosis. What the [ __ ] was the
worm thing, dude?
I'm going to die. He jumps in front of
you. He jumps in front. Yeah. Oh [ __ ]
Get in here.
[Music]
What was that eyeball worm? Go, go, go.
[ __ ] I tried to close the door on you.
I just want to let you know. Oh, you
[ __ ] It was just really slow.
Retrieve lost items. Oh, I got a
TV. That's not good.
All right. Is that down or up? I don't
know. He No, he was right at the door.
What the [ __ ] is
this? Oh, no. I don't want to go back
there. Let's go up up up up up up up up
up up up up up up up up up up up up up
up up up up up up up up up up up up up
up up up up up up up up up up up up up
up up up up up up up up up up up up up
up up up up up up up up up up up up up
up up up up up up up up up up. Oh,
that's just an unlocked door, so
everything's unlocked. Okay, he opened
the door
again. Oh, hey. Oh, that guy's back. The
little uh little goop. We are currently
on that side of the building. There's
another guy. There's another little uh
there's two there's two of those little
dudes. Oh,
I don't know what that music ce the
eyeball thing on the outside. It's on
the outside of the window. I just saw
it. Oh [ __ ] Yeah, there's a guy in No,
there's a little guy in here building.
There's a little guy in here. Where?
He's in here.
You happy TV man?
Do we give him the TV? I don't know. TV
head. Talk to him. Who are you? I'm a TV
head.
I have a TV instead of a head, but I'm
tired of it. I want an orange to replace
it. They promised to remove it and
install an orange instead, but no one
came. When will they come? Uh, hint to
the puzzle. Oh, um, I think you need to
make the signals on the display match.
To do this, the brightness of the
monitors needs to be changed, brother.
Okay, buddy. Yeah, look at the cat.
He's evil now. We need to place a
monitor here. Did you see this? Yeah.
Bring the TV. No, no, no. I don't think
it's that specific. Oh, here we go.
[ __ ] legend. There's a gun in here,
dude. Oh, I found a dead guy. There's
some type of weapon, it looks like. Oh,
nice.
I'm tired. Why did they send me here? Us
two. Oh, is he asleep? Wake his ass up.
I don't think he's awake. I don't think
he's asleep. I think he's so tired. He's
definitely not awake. Yeah, here's a
room.
Oh, the hell was that? What was the
[ __ ] It was It was the face outside the
window. I love how those guys are still
just roaming around out there. [ __ ]
weird. There's a lot of entities in this
for a solo dev project. Very unique
ones, too. Yeah, besides Slenderman. No,
there's the flam. Hey. Oh, the lady's
out there. Look at her down bottom left.
She's just chilling. She's just [ __ ]
chilling. Look at the eyeball guy
crawling around. Oh, dude. He is so
freaky. Eyeballs, limbs.
Oh, it's a Oh, it's a bunch of
astronauts.
It is on the body. I thought they were
eyeballs. It's astronauts. Everything is
a Every entity mostly except the ones
you can talk to are some amalgamation of
astronaut. Yeah.
So, that's what our That's what awaits
us. Yeah. If we Oh, the other monitor.
Oh, nice. Bring that back. I'm going to
go through the hole. Okay.
Why are the floors red?
I can go to the roof. Uh there's a
[ __ ] crouch hunched over guy. Oh, I
found the spot. I found the spot for the
um the thing. Where's the uh the
electrical thing? It's back where I
monitor. But you need to come here. We
have a puzzle. I'm in the room with the
monitors. We got to toggle them all and
turn them green on that thing. Oh, those
are fine. Those are fine. Oh, no. Don't
do that. What? I didn't touch anything.
Look at Look at the I didn't do
anything. Are you sure? He's poking
through the wall, by the way, so don't
don't stand too close. What are we
doing? Hold on. Okay, look behind you.
Look at where the gun thing was. Yeah.
You see when they turn green, you got to
adjust the brightness on each one. When
it turns green, it's done. And then you
can move on to the next. Okay, that's
green. Whatever you just did. I just
pressed them once. Now it's green. That
all needs to be green. Green or white?
These over here. No, I'm assuming green
cuz they were all red before I started.
Okay. But do they need to be filled in
or I don't think that matters cuz we
can't change that. We just need to get
There's three TVs on the other side. All
right, do the second and third one. Did
that change anything? Yes, it turned one
white. Dude. Dude. Dude, I'm dead. Hold
on one sec. What do you mean hold on one
sec? You're trying to kill
me, [ __ ] Skellyy,
[Music]
sorry, man. What happened? You there?
Yeah. I had a phone call and came
downstairs, too, at the same time.
Sorry, dude. I was like, what do you
mean? Hang on. You're trying to kill me.
We have one left. One left. All right,
that's it. It opened. Okay, cool. White
liquid gun. You can take it. Is this a
code for something or is this a pattern?
It says the white liquid gun is harmless
to any creatures, but it can remove
obstacles made of black liquid. There
was a black liquid obstacle. That thing
that killed you. Yeah. Holy Christ. That
astronaut worm is
okay. I'm splooing all over you, buddy.
Relax, brother. We got to go to the
roof. We got to go to the roof. Come on.
The roof? Yeah. There's probably a black
goop thing up there. Well, no. There's a
black goop thing down here, I thought,
though. Come here. What about the roof?
We'll check the roof in a second there.
Oh, what?
Okay, he doesn't care. He is a different
kind of black goop.
Oh my god. I would assume that he can.
Yeah. Here, shoot this right here. Yeah.
Yeah.
Nice. There you go. Lands over
here. It's that guy. It's that guy. It's
that guy.
Dude, he s up the whole hall. How do we
escape that?
Are we dead? Yeah, we're dead. I think
the second that we heard something
breaking in, we probably should have
[ __ ] left. We should have ran. We
both stood there staring. All right,
let's save right here. So, we're done
with that puzzle.
We ain't going that way, it seems. Well,
I think I should still open it. Maybe
you should stay over here and stay
alive. I wonder why we're not going to
the roof. There's probably something in
the roof. Guess this is the We got the
gun. It's order of operations, man. It's
like you're doing math, right? We got
the gun to open this. I feel like we
could skip.
Why are we both standing here? Like
because I'm
afraid.
Yep. Okay. All right. I I went the other
way. I don't know how accurate that is.
I might be dead. There's no [ __ ] way.
Holy [ __ ] I'm alive. Are you Oh, he
opened a new wall. He opened two new
walls. Three new walls. All right, get
me back, bro. He's still He's still
running around.
This is quite literally [ __ ] Save
point. Say Oh, that's not a safe point.
I lied. I lied, dude. Yeah, I got I got
a opening over here.
He's coming back.
Yeah, he's just running around. Yeah,
he's at least cleaning his place up. I
got another safe. I got another safe.
Yeah. Yeah. Safe. Save. Are you dead?
Save. Yes. Oh, okay. Here. Wait. What?
Why'd you shoot it? I I you know, I got
excited.
Yikes, bro.
Why is the light not working? Special
book. Book. Mortifi. Got to take that
back down to the place. Hey, we can fall
down through here. There's stuff down
there.
How did you like I'm going to die. I'm
not allowed to go down there. Oh god.
I don't think we can go down there. He
turned around. He turned around.
[Laughter]
Time to react. He just [ __ ] turned
around and died.
You saying that he turned around
absolutely scared the piss out of me,
dude. I can't. So, how did you get down
here? I couldn't get down. I can't. I
thought we maybe did, but I couldn't.
Okay, I got to pick up my [ __ ] We got
to let him go. He turned around again.
We're dead.
You can't do that. He turns around. Why
did you turn into What the [ __ ] happened
to you? I Why did you start turning into
black goo? You got to stop shooting that
gun, dude.
The gun is over there where I died. I
got to go get it, brother. Oh no. Wait,
why? Wait, why? Because when I died the
first time, it is right here. That
doesn't make any sense. We're loading
from our safe. Oh, what do we do about
this? We I We need to get in that room
over here. We just got to go. We got to
wait until he's far enough away that he
won't come.
Is it on the right or left? It's on the
right. I'm going to go now.
Yeah. Here.
I hate all this. I hate all this. Black,
shoot it. We need a flashlight back,
dude. God, that noise. That noise is
crazy. It is. This guy really knows how
to terrify you,
huh? Aha.
How the [ __ ] did
you figure that out? I just figured I
could walk up.
How the [ __ ] did you get up this? Wiggle
around. You'll get up there. You can't
jump, so you just kind of have to like
step. There you go, boo boo. There you
go, boo. Now come down. Or there. Yeah,
that works, too. All right. All right.
You first. You have the gun. Me first.
I'm in here. Oh, circuit. Empty slot.
Nice. I already put the other one in.
Oh, so that works. Oh no. Two out of
four. Another hole in the floor. Yeah,
we need we need four total. All right,
there's got to be another same thing.
We're going to have We have no save. Oh
[ __ ]
This is [ __ ] up. All of this.
There's a There's a Hold on. Go back in.
Go back in. Please let me in. There's a
door right out there straight ahead and
then I just opened Black Goo after he
goes by again.
Wait, wait, wait. Now, now, now,
there's someone. There's something up
here. By the way, when I was peeking at
the roof, there was a hunched over guy.
Oh, hold on. I can unlock this. Wait,
dude. Let's see here. Jumping spot. I'll
[ __ ] do it.
Take me out of this nightmare right now.
Zero gravity, bro. Don't do it, dude.
Oh, no. Oh, we can see this guy run by.
Yeah, he can also kill us. Yeah, this is
your another green electrical box right
here. I got it. Oh, dude. Do the trash
trash bags count as black goop? I mean,
kind of, right? I don't know. Let me
try.
He killed you through the [ __ ] thing.
I'm going to get a revive real quick.
Are you [ __ ] kidding me? I knew that
was going to happen, too. Watch out.
Watch out. Watch out.
That's so unbelievably close. I can't
get back to that save. I can
Why do you wiggle your ass to and fro? I
don't
know. It's a great
question.
Uh, be very careful. You open that door
and now the Slender Man's up here
also. All right. Stay away from the
walls. Trash cans do not dissolve as
black people. So, I think we just needed
this. There's got to be a room opening
somewhere over here. Yeah, there's a
room right there that I don't think
we've been in. Right here. Yeah, I
think. Uh, no. There's somewhere that
leads up. Yeah, right here. Right here.
Right here. There's a guy there, though.
Crazy. We're faster than him supposed
to. There's a safe point up here. It' be
nice to just save Yeah.
Charge it. Charge it. Charge it. I Yeah,
he left. He ran. Nah, he just moved.
There's the other green thing here.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm so
sorry. What did I do? I can't carry your
life. But holy [ __ ] me. Ah.
This game is hard. This game is hard.
Oh, where the [ __ ] All our [ __ ] is up
there. I think I went too far.
You did. The room's back here. The
room's back here. The room's back here.
Holy God. I made it. Are you alive? I
made it. I made it. Oh my god. How the I
don't know. I should not have done that.
There's a a spot right here in the
hallway. Yeah, right here, dude. Come
here. Here. Put it in. I put it in.
Yours is out here, too. There's a second
one out here, too.
Yeah, it's right out beside mine. I see
it.
Okay. Grab your gun. You dropped your
gun. What do you have to say? The exit
from the third floor. So, what's the
exit?
The exit might be the staircase. Go back
to the staircase. Yeah, the staircase
where the red was. Yeah. Oh, not here.
No, not there. What's down here, though?
Oh my Jesus,
dude. Okay.
Yeah. It's this one right here that we
can
open. Dude, just go through the door.
Just go and get it. Jesus [ __ ] When his
Slender's gone, brother. That was the
most unfortunate timing I have ever
seen.
He's gone. He's gone. Okay. Well, we
have to be missing something up here. I
feel like there was a door that had red
around it. Yeah. I mean, we can follow
the electric hole. Yeah, that's what I'm
doing. All right. It came in here and
then it continues down. It goes all the
way around. Hold on. You're going to
die. Oh my god.
It continues down in here on the
inside. Green. Oh yeah. This door. This
door.
Yeah, but here's the second floor. This
is what we're after. It's locked. Other
side. Are you [ __ ] kidding me? Go
down
more. Spooky.
Oh, where's the flame? Flame. Oh, here
we go. White liquid gun installation
plate. Dynamite. Okay, we can blow up a
wall here. Okay, got another book.
That's Is that the last book? White goo
potentially. Have we put all the books
in? Oh, the lady's here. What shelf for
special books? What more? What?
Lady, are you heading to the laboratory?
I'm coming with you. Oh, can you help us
like defend us? Give her the gun. Dude,
I can't give her anything. won't let me.
All right. A son of a [ __ ] Oh, we're
back out here. Gotcha. Okay. Safe. Safe.
Yep. Wait. Maybe she does open that
door. She opened the elevator. We can go
down. Oh my god. All right. First floor
base
laboratory. One of the weirdest [ __ ]
games. This Yeah, this is very strange.
Whoa. What the moon? Oh my god.
Why is it here? Why is the moon here?
Let's go talk to more than uh our
guesses were correct. The moon is locked
in here. We need to find Oh, we have to
let it go. Electronic boards. We have to
find stuff to put. Okay. What does it
say? You shot her. I did. What does she
say? Kind of tiny, isn't it? I'll read
it. Go ahead. So, this is the moon you
were
after. Cute, but kind of tiny, isn't it?
Okay. Look down here. Look down here.
Look at those. What are those? You see
him walking down there? Did you see the
cat? Huh? The cat's down here. And those
orange orb flame things that are looking
around. You got to come to where I'm at,
brother. Uh, they're down there, too.
See the cat to the left? He's staring at
the moon with red eyes. And those or
orange flame things are down there.
Where the [ __ ] do we get electronic
boards from? I have no idea. Can we go
back to the elevator and go down
somewhere else? Potentially. Wasn't
there three buttons? First floor,
basement, 2. We've been to all those.
This is a different elevator. Yeah. Call
the third floor elevator. Hold on. Wait,
you can call it? Yeah. I didn't have
that option. What? Oh, hey. This might
open the chains. We might need to do
this. Go to the third floor. Okay, hold
on. Second floor.
That might be what we have to do. The
items are floating. I know. Yeah. Yeah.
There's a save. All right, let's save
here. And then let's Oh, you can see the
moon right there, too. Mhm. Orange heads
cannot hear. That's good. So, we need to
crouch around them. I guess they can't
hear. No, you don't need to crouch. They
could see. No, no, no. To not make
noise. I thought you said it said they
can't hear. Yeah, they cannot hear. So,
it doesn't matter about crouching. It's
visual. Oh [ __ ] you're right, dude.
I was scared for a second. I was like,
do I not understand? No, dude. It's just
me.
Yeah, they can only see. They can only
see. Help me. Help you. He's on me.
Oh, hold on. The gate to the lower floor
is locked by multiple levers. They must
be activated simultaneously. I didn't
even see those papers. Everything's
white in here, dude. A little too white
for me. I need some diversity. Can we
get some DEI tables in here or
something? Well, there's a little bit of
gray on the moon right there. Come on.
Oh, I found a a lever handle. It's too
early in the morning for this [ __ ]
dude.
Well, you're coming off of a one hell of
a mind [ __ ] game, too. I got karma on
the mind.
Some of the weird grass.
I don't know. Is that grass? We got to
go on the other side of this. Remember,
they could see us. They can't hear us.
I'm still confused about that.
Facility laboratory, no, is a
specialized structure designed for the
containment of the moon. It's enclosed
architecture acts as a resonator,
amplifying and focusing lunar influence
within controlled
parameters. Maybe the moon is just not
uh as big as we thought. Maybe the flat
earthers were right. Oh, okay. So, once
we activate a lever, we have 5 seconds
to activate the next one. So, it's not
quite immediate, but we we do have to do
it fairly quickly. Okay, I'm moving. So,
we need to find the second one which is
probably on a floor below. Yeah, we just
we just looped.
So, first floor. Jesus.
You know, accidental discharge. It
happens. It's a problem, man. It
happens. It
does. Oh. Oh, there's another Wait, hold
on. What? Oh, that's a That's just
sitting there. Oh, here we go. Crystal,
what? Brother, I picked it up. I got
this. You picked it up. It's a crystal,
not a sun. Are you sure? Yeah. What does
it say? Oh my god. Uh, documentation for
the crystal. The crystal made from an
orange. It glows with a bright orange
pattern and emits orange particles that
gradually fade away. When the moon
remains indoors for an extended period,
a residual heavy influence accumulates
at the bottom of the room, aiding the
ripening of oranges. However, it can be
lethal, even in a protective suit. If
you need to approach the area beneath
the moon, please take the crystal with
you and stay close to it. Oh [ __ ] Okay.
I don't want to explore. All right.
Here's a problem. One of us, you need to
stay here. Yeah. Yeah. And activate
that. And I need to go up and activate
the other one. Yes, sir. So, uh, what
were we on? Were we on the third floor
or this? Second floor. Second floor.
This is the Hello. Our little buddy's
back. Multiple buddies. I hope they
don't [ __ ] attack me. There's three
of them in here now. Please hurry.
I've seen what they do to you.
I'm going over there, dude. I have to be
careful though. I can't let these Oh, I
got to go the other way. I'm sorry. I
have to go the long way. Otherwise,
they'll see me because they sat there.
All this for the damn moon. I guess it's
worth it. Without the moon, the earth
will go cra like be [ __ ] up. Uh, only
a little, right? Oh, no. It affects our
tides and everything. That'll [ __ ] with
everything, dude. Won't it? Well, but I
mean, I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure if
we lose catastrophic, we've lose the sun
for sure, but not the moon.
I don't know. I feel like I've always
heard I think you're right. God damn it.
Stop it. Sorry, I'm having to wait for
Why are you taking so long? I'm [ __ ]
dead. Walk away. Are you serious? Watch
out. I'm back alive coming to eat you.
I'm taking the elevator.
Are you serious? Yep. God damn it. I'm
on the first floor. Cuz you might be a
black goo. Hold on. I'm going to get you
back. Yeah, I'm just kidding. I'm not
coming to the elevator. Oh, that would
be [ __ ] hilarious.
You know, sometimes when you're not
feeling too secure, it's always best to
have a partner. Skilly's a hard partner
to beat, but nothing comes close to
being the perfect partner more than
today's sponsor, Surf SharkVPN. Hackers
and thieves don't need a full moon to
act out and try to steal your data. But
in just a few clicks, you can connect to
over 3,200 servers in over 100 locations
worldwide and start browsing the
internet safely. Surf Shark's got the
industryleading security measures to
give you some peace of mind so you could
focus on the important things. Surf
Shark also offers things like Surf Shark
Alert, which can notify you if there are
any data breaches that can affect you,
which I promise happens way more often
than you think. Now, aside from
security, have you ever been geolocked?
You can't watch a TV show or movie
because of your location? Just use Surf
Shark. Connect to the appropriate server
and bam, browse it up. I don't even know
where I am, but that doesn't matter cuz
I got the Shark. Now on a single
subscription, you can access Surf Shark
on any of your devices at any time. And
right now, it's more affordable than
ever with an unbeatable price and four
additional months for free. Go to
surfark.com/igp and use my code IGP when
you check out. The link is down in the
description below. And yes, you do get a
30-day money back guarantee, so you
really got nothing to lose. Get your ass
protected today with the Shark.
All right, I'm here. Okay, tell me when
you're ready. Did it? I did it, too.
Nice. There we go. I'm open. All right,
but there's uh Yeah, you need to come
come down. Do you want to come up here
and save? Get in the elevator and come
save or No. Yeah. Yeah. Get up here. I'm
doing that now. So So we don't have to
do that again. [ __ ] I went to the third
floor. God [ __ ] damn it. I pressed it
in a panic. Hey, buddy.
Hey. Sorry. I got excited when I So, you
got to stay close to me, right? Cuz I
have the protection. Yes.
Be careful though. The dash sign is
unstable, right? The dash sign is
unstable. Yes.
If nobody watched any of our Yeah. those
videos, they're not going to get it. Uh,
okay. Kitty kitty kitty. Yeah. Oh, look.
Stop for a second. Look, there's a
couple. I see the Yeah, I see the
protection. All right. Oh, electronic
board. I'll grab one. Oh, security
measures for the object in the
laboratory. Staring.
Okay. Shoot that son of a [ __ ] Uh to
open the laboratory hatches, four
electrical boards are required. One is
in the laboratory. Another is located on
the second floor of the main building
and two more are outside. In addition to
the hatches, there is an additional
layer of protection, an energy dome, in
case of unauthorized release of the
object.
And you left me.
You left. Why weren't you running with
me? I'm running. It was chasing me. Why
wouldn't you come with me, brother?
I couldn't catch up to you. I couldn't
catch up to you. Have you got a head
start? I was still looking at the note.
Oh, okay. It's either I die cuz it kills
me and then you don't have protection at
all or you just run with me and take a
chance. I mean, I was still reading the
note cuz I was trying to memorize the
four locations and then I realized you
ran when I started getting hurt.
We need to find a way to duplicate this.
So, you have one, too.
We need to memorize the location of
these four things. Okay, we'll shoot
this these [ __ ]
guys. You missed. Hit him in the face.
You missed. I didn't do anything.
It's missing on my screen. Oh, it's
hitting on mine. I'm sure it's piercing
right through the screen. That one. That
one went right through his face. Okay.
Lab, second floor, main building to
outside. Lab, second floor, main. So, oh
my god, these guys. Yeah, there there
was another note or something over here.
Yeah, run, run, run. Let's run. Put
distance between us. All right. Okay.
What is this? What is this? Push. I
pushed.
We have to push it somewhere. You did
[ __ ] up. How do you unfuck other
side? No way.
I can't push it, brother. It's stuck.
All right, you got to wiggle that [ __ ]
out then. Wait, wait. There we go. Got
it. Got it.
Where does it Where do we need to go? I
don't know. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on.
Stop. Let's look around. Let's move
around cuz they're getting close. Okay.
Stop pushing it. Let's just figure out
where it goes. Easter egg. Oo, nice. One
of 25. What? What have we? 25. Have we
not picked up a single one? No. But
that's the first time we've ever seen.
All right, let's go under the moon.
Let's go under the moon. Let's see what
happens. cuz I don't Oh, we have to
probably Oh, we got to bring that up
somewhere, right? Maybe on the elevator.
You think so? Oh, there's a staircase.
Get over here, dude. You have to stay
near me. Yeah, stay near me. I suck.
Upstairs. Going upstairs. Okay.
Yeah. Okay. Oh, save right here. Okay,
let's go. Save. There's something here.
Uh, dude, there's
a run.
I am. Uh, there's They look like
landmines. Oh, no. We got to put them
here. We got to put those there. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Just
go. What the [ __ ] hell is that?
Invisible. [ __ ] I don't know. There's
another thing here. There's another
pushy pushy. Okay, let's bring it back
then. Okay. Wait, wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait. That goes on the thing. It's
circular. Here, come here. Yeah, that's
what I said. I said that. Oh. Oh, that's
what I saying. Push it there. Be careful
though. Invisible man. Invisible gaming
watch.
Yes. All right, we should Oh god, this
guy. All right, run, run, run, run, run,
run, run, run. We got to keep
distance. Big son. Big son. Oh, there's
a weird [ __ ] small head alien in
there.
Another one. Found it. Okay. Uh,
bring us. You're crazy. He's right
there. No. No. Abort. Abort.
Abort. Because we got what it plays.
Yeah,
whatever. Okay. Okay,
we'll just run back around. There's
three. Yeah, we need the one from the
bottom, too. Yeah. Oh my goodness. I
would say it's split up, but that'll
kill us. No, I can't survive without
you. Pick up this one. Look at this
small head. Wait, wait. There's some
here. Oh, this must be what that thing
is.
Okay, it's sold. Sample of the orange
implementation procedure.
My god, dude. The the audio in this game
is so [ __ ] horrendous. It is like
good. Horrendous.
Oh my goodness. All right, keep going.
Keep keep rotating. We'll get the thing.
Yeah, we completely I don't care about
the note anymore. I gave up. We need to
turn around though to push this one back
this way. Yep. Dude, I'm stuck. I'm
stuck. Indie. Indie. What the hell? What
the [ __ ] happened to
me? Okay, I'm good. I don't know what
the I don't know what happened. Yeah,
he's right there.
Brother, give me back. Give me back
quick or you're going to die. I'm in the
thing.
Why didn't you save? I did. I hit the
button. It was counting. Oh, no. It was
counting down. It didn't bring you back.
No, no, that that was the time. Uh, you
can only save once every certain amount.
We have to go back and get Oh, it's
still here. Okay, I did save. How did it
not bring you back? because it was still
counting down. You only can do it once
every like 30 seconds. It must not have
been. All right. Well, we got two. I
don't know how. It's in the bottom.
Remember, we got to bring it up the
stairs. I saved again. Thanks. Mhm.
Can we [ __ ] that record scratch? I don't
know. This way, brother. This way.
I thought you were going to come this
way. No, I don't What? Oh my god. I
don't I hope it goes under the stairs. I
hope it goes under
or goes on the stairs. It doesn't glitch
around. I hope so, too.
All right, get it straight. There you
go. Keep going. We got those those uh
the black goo wormy [ __ ] We got to
get past it. There we go. All right.
It's right around the corner here. He's
there. Can we save again? No, we can't.
We behind you. I did. I did. Left. Left.
Stop moving it. Let's run.
Yeah, I see him.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, no. Yeah, but
those things are there. And also, why
did you move that one? Why are you
moving that one? I didn't mean to. I'm
just trying to get this one in the right
spot. Why did you move both? There we
go. Oh, no. I'm out of the thing. I'm
out of the thing. There we go. Got it.
What' it do? What it do, ho? Oh, open
this. Dynamite. Dynamite to explode the
wall.
Why did I drop everything?
Where where was the wall that we were
supposed to explode? You found that?
Yeah, down here.
You can put one of those electrical
boards in there if you want. I don't
have an electric board. I have a book.
Oh, I do have a What? What do I have?
Electrical board. There you go. Yeah,
you're right. There you go.
Nice. Have to go to basement, too, I
guess.
Uh, what the what
[ __ ] Oh my god, it's a dead
Slender. The [ __ ] What happened? He's
chained up. It seems my bro will never
be the same again. What a [ __ ] he has
turned into. Yeah, everyone's
transforming.
Okay, it says leave the laboratory and
blow up the exit on the first floor. Use
the dynamite found in the lab.
I don't think we're in the right place.
I don't think so either. We're going
Yeah.
Yes. Oh, yep. There it is. Right here.
Right here. Right here. Right here.
Okay. Back the [ __ ] up.
Run.
Okay, that was less of an explosion than
I expected.
Okay, so there are two electrical boards
outside. Open the exit to the grounds,
it says. Okay, here's a switch.
[Music]
He's back. He's back. What the [ __ ] did
we
do? Right here. Right here. Right here.
Right here. They're sponsorable.
need to be even more careful. It says I
see levers. I see levers. Oh, [ __ ]
See, there's a save over by me. I'm
toggling that that Here we go. Go. Can
we talk to her? Yeah. Oh, are you
planning to go inside the annex? Yes.
Uh, dude, the eyeball thing is coming.
There were others before you, similar to
you. Many of them went there, but I
haven't seen anyone who came back from
there. Even though you seem different.
Still be careful in there. What anime is
she from, you think? No, I don't know.
[ __ ] hell. What are we doing? Do we
go to the door? No, no, no. I wouldn't
go in there. Hold on. I wouldn't go in
there. No, no, no. We got to find the
two that are outside here, brother.
Okay. I'm just looking. We could go in.
Go in. Go in. I can't get past you.
Sorry. I'm just looking. I wasn't going
to go in. Just go in. No, let's go in.
Now you're Now you're putting pressure
on me, dude. Locked. Oh, failed to
unlock. All players must be nearby.
Where the [ __ ] I don't know.
Oh my god. Hey, buddy.
What the [ __ ] is that?
Probably run. [ __ ] dude.
Hate it. Hate everything about it. Are
we good? I think so. What the [ __ ] How
can
we not good, son? We not good.
Get back.
Oh my god.
He knew you were going to do that. He
knew. He did. He in. He's right there.
He's right there. Be careful to your
left. Wait, we should go open this door.
Come here. Come here. I need you. You
can't open this door, right?
You're right.
I
don't Oh my god, dude. We have to go.
The [ __ ] is that? I'm trying above you,
dude.
Oh my god, dude. It came right over top
of me. I don't think we should go here
just yet cuz there's no way. Said there
were two outside. So, we got to find the
two outside. Holy moly.
Explore the grounds. Explore the annex.
Yeah, there's levers everywhere, dude.
This is the second lever that I've
toggled. Yeah, same. There's Oh no, I
opened the gate to the giant Slenderman
who's been over backwards.
Oh, I see one over here, too. Dude, it's
everywhere.
There's someone in this building, too,
making some noise.
Oh, I have a note. Report from squad 3.
This is a complete disaster, guys. Squad
2, it seems they've turned into some
kind of monsters. They're moving on all
four behind you.
Sorry, you
[ __ ] And they look my god, they're
enormous. And if we keep searching here,
we'll lose everyone. We've decided to
send one person northwest. Let them try
to find something. Anything. The rest of
us are falling back to the building to
search for clues there. Hopefully, this
will work. Over and out. I don't think
it did. I don't think it did either. Is
there a board in here? Oh, I get my gun.
Oh my god. I got my gun back.
Nice. This [ __ ] thing. Oh, can I just
drop my C? I'm dropping my crystal. I'm
dropping my crystal. It's so annoying.
It's so annoying. There's a black goo
door over here.
Okay. You better [ __ ] hurry up with
that. You better hurry up with that. I'm
dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I was right
behind you, too, brother. Oh my god. The
red electrical box needed for the
elevator is located on the first floor
of the annex. I have a shovel and that's
the only thing I can carry. They say
that certain items are buried under the
trees with orange leaves. If you use
them on the yellow car, you can get
something very valuable. Okay, maybe you
should take my Yeah, you take my Yeah, I
got I got to open all this
though. What is this? Retrieve lost
items. Oh, previously found batteries
can be obtained here. Batteries.
Remember, you can outrun these guys.
Remember this is true. Except for when
they jump.
Did you die? Yeah. In the building. He
just reached in. He comes in. They come
in. That's because they come in. I just
got you back. No, you did not. That guy
just came in part of the building or
came in that section right there. Don't
die right now, dude. I'm not alive. I
just got you back. No, you didn't,
brother. Oh, it's still counting. What?
Why is it still coming down then? You
have a Because you have a time on it.
You saved before I finished dying, I
think. Oh, yeah. There we go. Thank you.
Uh-huh. Oh, we need this. Oh, this is
the elevator. We need to go to the first
floor. I need my shovel. Okay, you got
to go. We got to go find that tree. And
then the elevator is in this building
that we need the red box. Dude, we're
here. Let's just [ __ ] do the trees.
You come with me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So,
orange leaves, it says. Yeah. Let's go
back this way. Back out this way. You
told me he came in and I didn't [ __ ]
think.
Oh my god,
dude. I'm dead, bro. I know. I know. I
know.
There's so [ __ ] many of them. Yeah,
there's a ton. Well, it's an entire
squad. Remember I read that note? The
entire squad got transformed.
Orange leaves. Oh, I see them. I see
one. Run for it. Run for it. All right.
3 2 1 go.
That [ __ ] out.
Yeah, there you go. That might be your
only
tree. That's it right there. I'm I'm
dead. But good. Do it. Do it. Do it.
While he's fighting me. Something is
buried here. I can't. Yeah, right there.
Oh. Oh, that's me. Oh, that's me. I'm
sorry.
[Music]
I'm dead. I got to go back for good. It
only lasts It only lasts a little bit.
No, no, no, no. You're fine. Go to the
orange tree. Stop. I'm dead. My guy's
dead. Dead. He fell over. He's done.
Yeah, but I need to get you back. What
do you mean? Just do this for You're
right here. Do that. I got a battery.
But I can't carry I need you. I can't
carry this battery. But the shovel is
going to be left, I guess. Do we need
more than one battery? I don't know.
Just go get me back. You know the
shovel's under that orange tree.
What do I do with this [ __ ] battery?
I guess I'll leave it in here. I can
carry it if you want. Yeah. I mean, I'm
going to have to have the shovel. So,
I'm going to get Oh, there's a guy right
there. Don't go because we don't need
that. But yeah, I got to We got to go
get the shovel. I'm going to wait till
he passes and then let him go behind and
then we should be have a free shot over
there. I'm going quickly.
The other orange tree is to our left and
through the gates over there. They saw
us. Oh no. Oh no. It was like 10 like 20
seconds,
man. Oh [ __ ] I'm
[ __ ] There's one of those big head
giant spider guys.
The head and legs creature didn't get
far. It's now roaming the northwestern
outskirts. This strange huge head is too
fast. I won't escape. Why did they send
me here alone?
Nice. All my squad will find the moon
and leave and I'll be stuck here. Will
they even send help for me? Oh, that's
sad. Oh. Oh, I have the loca. I have a
map over here with the location of the
five
trees. I also Damn, I found an
electrical board, too. It's in a washing
machine with the code I just saved.
There's the map right there. Location of
all the trees. And then right here, we
need a code for
this. And the electric board's in there.
Wow. That's one of the ones that's in
there. All right. Where are we though,
Mark? Okay, so we're there. We just did
two. So, one is down here and three is
next to it. 1, three, and five are all
on the same block over here. So, I'm
just going to
go Oh [ __ ] Oh [ __ ] Oh god. We can't go
that way. We can't go that way. It's too
fast for us. Oh, hey, I found a I'm
going to die. Eyeball with an
Nope. They don't care about you. Found a
red car. Where the [ __ ] are the orange
trees? I don't know. Oh, there's
something behind
this. It says
one. He's coming to you. Yeah.
Underneath of that thing with the top
hat, there's a little like like uh thing
that just says one. I think that's the
code. Or the code. Yeah. So, we got to
find all the top hat guys. But how do we
know which one which which number is
which?
I'm dead. I see. He just I had just had
all I had that battery and everything
over there. You're just running around.
Why? Why? I thought that was only when
the black I fall over and die.
Yeah, I fall I fell over. I'm dead. Dead
now.
Now these things have big spots.
I think maybe we interpreted it
wrong. I'm going. I'm going. I'm going.
I'm going. I'm going. I'm going. I'm
going. I'm going. I got to remember
where I died though and go get that
[ __ ] Yeah, that doesn't make any sense
cuz the map says,
"Dude, he's up my [ __ ]
I don't care about my gun. [ __ ] this
[ __ ] I'm out of here. I got the battery
and the light. I Yeah, but I can get it
back. There's a station to get [ __ ] back
at. I can't
I found something. I found another
lever. I opened another gate. There's
two orange trees over here. Actually, I
see three orange
trees. Uh, I'm dead. Fine. Come back to
the original. You're dead. Yes, sir.
I mean, yeah, [ __ ] the map. We just
literally look for Yeah, I I know where
two more trees are. Yeah, I just need to
get you. Go back and save me.
Thank you, sir. Go get your shovel and
meet me back here and then I'll take you
to two trees.
[Music]
Oh my god. You got Why
is yeah,
dude, that guy has problems, dude.
That's like severe scoliosis and a
broken neck. Also too, he's got How many
signs of death does he have? Uh, he's
got a lot. I don't think he's pale gray.
I don't think he has any blood.
Right here. Right here. Right here.
Right here. Right here. Right there.
What the [ __ ]
Pull this. Pull this. Pull this. Pull
this.
All right. We're going this way.
You coming? We got to pull this, too.
You heard it. Yeah, I know. Just got to
open all the ways. All right. Tree right
in front of you. Tree.
Tree. Another battery for the car. All
right. We need to find the [ __ ]
yellow car so I can put these away. I
can't carry any more items. Oh, there's
one back here. Yep. And then there's one
over. Excuse me.
Another [ __ ] battery. I can't carry
it unless I drop the light.
Yellow car anywhere? Oh, I see another
tree behind that building.
Another yellow B car battery.
Yep. Oh
yo. Oh my god. Bam. You squeezed on
through it. You squeezed on through it.
Why is this locked? Jesus Christ.
The battery, right? Yes, sir. Is that
all the trees? Have you dug up five?
Yeah, that's what it says. Yeah. So,
come pick up the battery. Drop your
shovel. [ __ ] the shovel. Pick up
battery. Pick up your three batteries
and then we'll be carrying all five.
Then we just
find the thing. Oh yeah. Sorry.
I understand what you're saying.
Come back this way. The batteries are
back this way, right? Or can you get
around the way? Oh yeah, you're right.
Also with blankie box up.
Oh [ __ ] All right, that's
two. I thought I could hide. I could
not.
Oh [ __ ] Do we find a yellow
car? Jesus. Okay, we have all five
batteries. Yeah, we do. Hop inside here
to, you know,
[Music]
reprieve. I thought he was
gone. Good [ __ ] man. Thank you. Mhm.
What? What?
That man came up inside. I think that
difference, Lindy. I think that
difference, Lindy. I can't. Okay, there
we go. Good thing your body didn't
reanimate. What the difference? I picked
up your three batteries. How do we get
back to where
[Applause]
Oh.
Oh. Hey. Oh. Oh. What's under that? Can
you see the number under that or get out
there? Are you dead? No, I'm alive. I'm
over here.
Huh? I'm right here. Oh, I'm right here.
You were looking at the exact same thing
I was at the exact same time. Yeah, just
out from a different angle. What the
[ __ ]
Oh, he saw the light. Wait, is the
yellow car out front? Oh, I have a
scanner. There's an enemy nearby.
Oh [ __ ] Oh, the yellow is that the
yellow car back there?
Probably. Oh no.
You know, I I had many experiences out
running these fogs and now they're just
killing me left and right.
Behind you. Behind you. Turn around.
Nope. Left.
Left. Oh, yeah. Left. Yep. Now it's
right. Oh my god. Stand still. Go
straight. Oh, I see it. I see it. I see
it.
It's so hard to direct you. Yeah, that's
the yellow car back there. Oh, I got my
lost items. I didn't get my flashlight
back, but I can get that from the
terminal. Is that the yellow car back
there? Yeah, it is. It is. Oh, hell
yeah. We should just one at a time. I'm
going. All
right. You crazy, man. You crazy man. I
just dropped all the He's on you. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. You did it. Nice. Two. Two.
Two. Yeah. Oh, you're sick, bro. I got
all three. I got all three. Nice, dude.
Come on. Safe. Safe. Safe. Safe. Safe. I
got three installed.
Your turn.
But
that [ __ ] What did you do? Right
click. Yeah, right. Right click. Oh my
god. Why did they do that to me and not
you? You're [ __ ] Oh, you're alive.
You legend.
Okay, just give me back. Just give me
back. How the [ __ ] There's three of
them on there. Why did they do that to
me and not you? Oh no.
How was he in there? I don't know. Hey,
I'm back. Wait, wait.
[Music]
Did you come back and it killed you
immediately? I don't know. I never was
able to play it.
Not for a second was I able to control
myself. I thought I I thought because I
hit it, it spawned you right in front of
him. So, you died immediately. Oh my
god,
dude. Watching you run around that car
and those three guys
That was [ __ ] nuts. I need to get my
goddamn flashlight back. Oh my god. From
my [ __ ] angle. All right. Okay. Here.
New plan. Where are you? I was getting
my flashlight. I got it. I'm going to go
aggro them. Even if I die, it doesn't
matter. Once I have them aggroed, you go
to the batteries and do your thing.
Okay. Okay. I'm going to aggro them.
What are you doing? You have them. Did
you install the batteries? Yeah, they're
all done. What? What the [ __ ] you
talking about? Oh, my bad. Yeah, that's
why I was celebrating so hard. I did it.
Okay, so now we have to we have so many
things to do. We have to find find the
password. Well, the pass finding the
password is going to get us one of the
electrical boards. And then there's
supposed to be one more. I think we have
one more outside. Yeah, I bet you open
the trunk to the car. The electrical
boards in there. All right, I'll go take
that. Okay.
[ __ ] you, buddy. Hey, come get me. Come
get me. Hey. Yep. Yep. Yep.
Are you dead or alive? Alive. I got
electrical board. Electrical board.
Nice. All right. Safe. Come here.
Using the system. Crazy. Yeah. Okay. So,
we got one from outside. So, we need one
more is from the code. So, we know where
that is. One more is the code. And And
we know Yeah. We just need to find all
the top We need to find all the things.
I don't know if it's all top hack guys
cuz that's the only top hack guy. No,
there's one in that courtyard. Yeah, but
there's it's a five password thing,
isn't it? Have you seen five top hat
guys?
All right. Oh, right. Right. We haven't
gone into the building with the stabby
guy. Yeah, we do have to explore the
annex. Yeah. Okay, let's go back to
that. I'm in. I'm in. I went down the
hallway to the door on the
right. There a trash can. Another dead
guy.
Just a dead guy. He doesn't say
anything. I'm in here with you. I found
a switch. Okay. Map. Map data. I ran to
the other room. We have the one of those
things to push in here. Yep. Careful.
It's right out there.
I closed it, but it's unlocked. Okay.
Thank you. Oh, that's going to Oh, if we
put that there, that's going to open
this. It looks like
fresh astronaut corpse. Brother, I
picked it up.
Damn. Uh oh, he's in here with us. Run.
Oh my
god, dude. He I'm up, too. I'm alive.
Don't come near me. Okay. I have an
astronaut. I know. I'm coming. What are
we supposed to do with that? I don't
know,
dude. He He like impaled me and lifted
me up and shook me around. Damn, this
guy's helmet cracked open. Horrible way
to die. Maybe I can distract him with
the corpses. Maybe. Oh my god. I'm dead.
I'm dead. I'm dead. Take the
corpse. He does not seem to care about
the corpse.
I opened a door. So, there's another way
into the annex from the outside. I'm in
another room here. I found the thing to
push.
Okay, there's two there's two spots.
Another capsule has been temporarily
relocated for repairs into uh to the
industrial facility. You can't block
doorways with the capsule against him.
He just he just walks through it. Oh,
he's coming. He's right here. He's right
here. Yeah. Okay. Get him to fall. I
can't. I'm dead. I'm going to die. God
damn it. No. Please don't. Please don't.
He's coming. He's coming that
way. This is a report from squad 2. The
situation is strange to say the least.
We found traces of squad 1, but what
happened to them has left us in shock.
They're infected with something unknown.
Their bodies have changed. Transformed
to the huge terrifying monsters. These
aren't the people we once knew. We're
trying to figure out what happened. In
the meantime, we're returning to our
main objective. Search for the moon. All
right. I took this [ __ ] thing the
wrong way. Here, get ready to push this
as I sacrifice
myself. Okay, I think we're good. We
just got to get into that place and
it'll open that. The first part will
open that thing. I can't I don't know
how the [ __ ] I got that out, dude. But
Oh god.
You're just going to have to push it up
against the wall and Oh, there you go.
Maybe we're supposed to Maybe this is an
incinerator and we burn the astronaut
body. Maybe. Oh, it's not going to open.
Yeah, we need one more. It said it said
it was in the industrial facility. I
don't know what that means.
One of the capsules is located in
industrial building. Which one? Oh, oh,
oh, oh. The place over here with all the
buildings and the giant guys. We got to
go back. That's the That's industrial.
We got to bring that [ __ ] all the way
over here. Found it. Found it. It's over
here. Okay, good. Dude, this is going to
be a a [ __ ] [ __ ] show. Trade off
deaths. Yeah, probably. All right, I got
it out of Hello. Excuse me. Yeah. Hey.
Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. He's inside. Blast
this thing. Blast this thing. We got a
thing.
Oh. Oh, I could have taken it out this
door. Yeah, maybe. I'll go push it back
in. I'll go push back.
Are you God? You're alive. [ __ ] nuts,
dude.
Where are we going? Back. Uh, we got to
go all the way back to the annex.
I hate this. I hate this [ __ ] game,
dude. Keep going. Keep going. Keep
going. Keep going. Keep going.
Dodge him. Dodge him. It's right here.
It's right here. Yep. Yep. Yep. You keep
pushing. I'm going keep him. Oh, he
left. He jumped away. Go, go, go. Oh, he
back. Oh, he back. Oh, he back. He on
your ass, boy. You better move that
[ __ ] You better move that [ __ ] No, I
ain't lying, man. I ain't lying, man.
Get the [ __ ] in there. Okay.
All right. I think it's easiest to take
it that way. Yeah. Oh. God, that scared
the [ __ ] out of me. He's right there.
He's right there. It's fine. He didn't
see us, though. He can't see me if I'm
crouched. Yes, he can. No, he cannot.
I'm going to laugh when he impales your
ass. Listen, boy. He's coming around
behind us. That's the door right there.
No, it's not. I We took the second long.
Hey, we're following his path, so we're
dodging him essentially, right? I can't
see. I need the light, brother. He's
right there. He's right there. He
coming. Oh, he's on the ceiling.
I'm a [ __ ] He was on the He was
on the goddamn All right, he's on me
now. Push it. Just do it. This sucks a
lot.
Oh my god. We took the extremely long
path. Okay. What is this? Oh my god.
Okay. Uh where does this go again? Uh
find the way. Activates the elevator in
the industrial buildings where I would
black. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Right here. Right here. Well,
they're all crowding your doorway, so I
can't get over there yet. Oh my [ __ ]
god. Oh my god. You're good. You're
good. You're good. Can we save right
here? Can we save? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Well, you can put it in first, but it's
Okay.
All right. All the elevator. Where are
we going? Is it lab?
Uh, he's in. I just clicked roof. I
think he was about to reach in this
elevator, brother. Yeah. Roof is fine.
Roof is fine. I Yeah, I don't know.
Oh my god. Did you see that? No.
Oh [ __ ] Oh, we can cross across to
different buildings. Yeah. This Do you
have an We don't have an electrical box
yet, do we? Uh oh, the one from the car.
What happened? Oh no, dude. Where did
you drop the electrical box you picked
up from the car? Oh, it's got to be
where the corpse is. What's this up
here? What corpse? There's a Help me.
Get me up here. I can't help you get up
there. Dude, we have to go. We have to
go get Oh, you have to zap it. Zap that
[ __ ] It's goo. It'll fall over. A There
you go, brother. It's a Easter egg.
Yeah, it was an egg. Uh, yeah. We got to
go back. But let's just do whatever this
is first. Yeah. I mean, there's got to
it's got to be a code that we find.
Yeah, except I found that one.
They can't get up here, right? That
would be ridiculous. Oh, well, they jump
very high.
Don't be ridiculous. This is the other
side of the roof that that guy was
jumping back and forth between us. We
opened it now. Okay, this is here.
God damn. He really is. Okay, we've
already been here. What place is this?
Whoa, dude. Whoa. Safe. Save. Safe.
Safe. Safe. Safe. What the [ __ ] Can we
open this? Come here. Oh, close on the
other side. This is must be the squad.
Look at this.
Dude, I was looking at the other one.
Bring me bring my ass back,
dude. I got to wait. There's still cool
down under the
safe. That was so That was so sudden,
dude. vibrating. It was like, did you
notice the leg? Look at all these
[ __ ] astronauts. A Someone's on the
roof.
What is this? Insulation place. Fresh
astronaut corpse. I need the astronaut
corp. Well, we have to go back there
anyway. He's in the He's in the
building. Run. No, it's okay. Let's
explore this whole area here. Yeah, go
ahead. I open that. I'm checking. I'm
checking off. I got a door open. I'm
dead. I'm dead. Oh, I got a door open
into the place. I can grab
it. All right.
What the [ __ ] is that sound? That's him.
I got the astronaut. I got it. I got it.
I got it. You got it. You got both. No,
I got I can only carry him. It's three.
It's a body. I have a deja vu for some
reason. I don't know why. I need I need
to We need to find the electrical box.
Didn't you drop it here? We have to have
that. Yeah, it would have been somewhere
around here. Maybe we can retrieve lost
items. Make sure you didn't die before
we got I mean probably somewhere, dude.
I'm going around behind him. [ __ ] this
guy. I just Yeah, I followed you.
No. Restore the second worm. Oh, great.
Now there's two. Why did Oh, there's
another thing. There's a pushy. Oh,
yeah.
It's got to be over here. Uh there's a
hole
here. Astronauts
every He's right there. He's coming.
Yeah. I can't see Jack. Okay, I found
the spot. It needs to go in here, but
the only way into here so far is to
crawl. Hold on. Oh, we have a place to
install dynamite back here again. All
right, the path. The P. Oh my god. No,
dude. Did you die? the worm and the
spike
guy. You're going to die standing right
there. The worm comes down there. I got
to I got to push it that way though.
It's got to be pushed that way. But
he's right over He's He's
Run. Seriously.
I got
this. Watch out. Watch out. Watch out.
Watch out.
Crouch. Crouch.
Crouch. How do we [ __ ] get in here?
My dude, we got to figure out how to get
in. Ah, he's coming. He's coming.
The worm. Oh my god. I dodged the worm.
Are you dead? I'm dead. I'm I don't know
what to do. I don't know what to do. I I
I I I
I got something map. Oh [ __ ] I don't
know how the [ __ ] we survived this
Easter egg.
Are we anywhere? I thought we were close
to finishing. I don't think we're close
to finishing at all, dude. I mean, this
has got to be the end, right?
No. I didn't mean to. I'm so sorry. I'm
so sorry. I'm so sorry.
Did we save?
There's two. We got to get
two. There's two spots. Big guys, the
spiky guys behind you. There's three.
Are you [ __ ] kidding
me? Come, come, come bring it down the
hall that that thing comes down that you
can't do. Where are Where is it? Where
are you? It's in It's in the room. It's
in the room. It's in the room. I put it
in the room. You got it? Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. There's I don't think it matters
which one you put it in. There's three
different ones.
He's in here with us.
Yeah, there's Yeah, there's three spots,
so I don't know that it matters which
one you sticking in.
Okay. Were there any on the first
floor? Oh my god, he was hiding around
the corner. Yeah, I saw that. That's why
I'm get you back right now. Hey, sir.
I'm coming back to kill myself. What?
He's chasing me, too. What the [ __ ] is
this? Can we use the two that we did
down here? Yeah, dude. We need to get
the two that we did down here and take
them off the stairs. Okay.
That we did at the original place.
Uh, how do you suggest we do that? You
get down the stairs or you go down the
stairs and push I'm already getting one
back. All right. I have one up here. I'm
going to go bring the other one up the
stairs and then they'll both be on the
second floor for us and then Okay, we
can try to work and we'll save and then
we can try to work our magic.
Okay. I want a different staircase. I
don't know where exactly you're at. I'm
following the worm right now. I'm back
up at the save if you want to if you
want to try to make it back over here
that we could save cuz I've got both of
these up here and then we just need to
push and get him into that room the same
way you got the other one. Hey. Hey.
Yeah, come safe.
Okay, good. All right, now we just need
to get both of these in there. He's
coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's
coming. He's
coming. My brother. My brother.
All right. Now I can get the last
one. Guy's
here. Oh, he killed me through the wall.
[ __ ] sick, dude. I got you. You're my
[ __ ] hero. You know that?
He got
I don't know why I was traveling it
around the other way. We opened that
area. I'm stupid.
So, I have a trick now for dodging him.
It's not going to work every time, but
he starts to make a like a like a like a
whoosh sound or like a right before he
jumps. If you wait if you kind of like
run around circles and wait until you
hear that, then you can I got one in
place. You're dead again. I pushed the
one too far. All right. I was trying to
bring it back and I got closed line
between both of them. I got you. Thank
you. Oh my god. I cut to your [ __ ]
screen and you were like inches away
from that worm, dude. No, I know. I've
been playing it pretty tight.
Okay. Where did you put Where did you
put the other one? It's over here.
Where' you put the other one? I'll push
it back. I'll push back. I'll play with
I'll play with him. Yeah, it's back
behind this guy. Yeah, I got you. Holy.
He's with me. He's with me. No, he was
on me. Okay, now he's right here with
me. Yeah. Well, I was right next to you.
I'm ring around. Oh no. He got me
through the [ __ ]
beam.
No. How did you die? I didn't think you
would die. I was dead before you. He
stabbed me through the beam.
Oh [ __ ] Is this going to kill me?
Are you dead? Not. He's there, though.
What the [ __ ] Why is this guy always on
me? I hate this game.
I'm just trying to bring it back, dude.
I didn't realize That was me. Mhm. I
know. I got you.
All right. Where did you put this thing?
It's right here.
Oh, okay. All right. Get it in here.
He's right there. He's right there. This
sucks.
All right. Stay back from the use the
barriers. Oh, he
You might You might want to not be doing
that right now.
dude. Why are you doing this right now?
Why are you doing this right now?
Oh [ __ ] Oh my god.
Okay, at least it's saved, right? Oh my
god. I can't believe I'm [ __ ] alive
here. I I hate my life, dude. I stepped
out to follow you and the worm just
comes around. I'm like, if he made it,
the worm must not be there. I barely
made it. You should. Dude, I died so
frequently. You have to wait now.
You uh you're going to be so pissed when
you cut to my footage. Don't follow me
cuz I'm taking some big risks. I don't
understand how I'm making it, dude.
Luck, dude. You got that dumbass luck.
Yeah,
I do. Crazy. Good luck. All right, it's
in. Right, so we're good. Yeah. Dynamite
for the wall over here that we need to
blast.
Okay. Why couldn't we just like telling
you that? No, I know. But like, why
couldn't we just take like two sticks
from the other one and blow it up? I
mean, that's the guy. That's a good
question. Oh, we got to wait in here for
the worm to pass.
Okay. Hey, buddy. Hey, squad. That guy
is or who knows what squad that is.
Wait, was it on the first floor? It
might have been on the first floor. I
got I got to be honest. I don't remember
where that was. I don't even remember
you saying anything about it. Here.
Where did you go? Oh, Jesus. Oh Jesus.
Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus.
It's on the first floor. It's not up
here. Okay. Yeah. I'm sorry. That would
make sense. I got confused. I'm getting
confused about my floors. No, but we
could go back to the save right here and
go down the stairs. That was a save. Got
it. Oh, yeah. Did it? Yeah. Okay, good.
Are you sure you just didn't see like a
crumble wall? No, I'm positive cuz when
I walked up to it, it said not place
explosives. God, dude.
Thank you, boo boo. I appreciate you
carrying this team today. I am just not
[ __ ] on it right now. You're fine. I
am dying. I'm not on it because I can't
give up, dude. I'm done. I'm done. I'm
[ __ ] done, dude. I didn't say
anything right there. That's my fault.
Listen, no, that's totally fine, dude.
I know it's coming. I'm not being
careful. That's the problem. We got to
wait again. Look at this. I don't Where
the [ __ ] Hey, be happy when this video
goes out and you're not going to get one
[ __ ] comment. It's all going to be me
now. I'm losing my I'm starting to not
believe you. I'm starting to literally
not believe you. I swear to God. I saw
I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead.
I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead.
I'm dead. I died. I did something dumb.
I forgot the path for a second. You got
to take the dynamite.
It was at the end of He's here. He's
here. He's here. Long hallway. It was at
the end of a long hallway.
Okay. What is this on the map? If you
look now, what is this? If we go out
here, take a look. Take a left. It's
like a long Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going.
Yeah. Yeah.
It's right [ __ ] here. Yep. There you
go. It's okay. It did have windows. I'm
just a [ __ ] four. Squad three,
they're gone. They've turned into some
kind of giant worm. Did we already read
this? No, I didn't. Uh, they turned into
some kind of giant worm that's now
crawling across the floor. It's a
nightmare. Get us out of here before
it's too late. If it keeps up, we'll be
the next to turn into worms. Moon isn't
here. Not even close. Haha. Uh, the
squad is in panic. No one understands
what's happening. And this damn rain
won't stop. Oh my god. All right, dude.
How did we I don't actually know what's
wrong with us. That's pretty
I knew I saw it somewhere and I knew the
walls were blue and I couldn't [ __ ]
remember. I'm going to get [ __ ] for
that. That's for sure.
Hey, I didn't even pay attention when
you said it, so that's kind of on me.
All right, we have a save. Let's go
save. I'm scared of this grass. What
does that sound mean? Don't do that. I
don't know.
Explore the second floor. Oh, hey. Oh.
Oh. Oh, she's here. Okay, so I think
we're okay. Feel a little safer. You
actually made it. Uh, that horned beast
headed out for you. Real nasty piece of
work. And don't even get me started on
that worm. Anyway, good job not dying.
That's it. That's all you need. We still
need We're still missing your electrical
box that you dropped somewhere from the
I know. I know. Hey. Hey, come here. TV
head with no head. Yeah, I found one,
too. He's over here. He can talk. All
their TVs are piled up here.
What is it, then? Oh, it's literally
just a flat
attachment. Oh, no way.
This is Oh, it opens. Oh, thank God.
Okay, we have places to go. It all
connects. And all the more reason for us
to get [ __ ] lost. No, we can't go
here. Oh god. Oh god. Oh god.
I'm dead.
I just want to point out he can reach
across the entire room. He's a Slender
Man, dude. He's got long ass arms. Yeah,
I got you. I overestimated that. Thank
you. Uh I thought if I He was on that
side and I was on this side and I ran
I'd be okay. Nope. This game is so
[ __ ] cool. Yeah, it is. I like this a
lot. I'm having so much fun. It is.
Okay. What is this not open?
How are you unlocked? Where does this
go? The other side. Okay. Right by the
safe. That's good. Uh we need your
blaster. We need your blaster. I don't
have it. I don't have it. Oh no. We need
to go back. We need to go back outside
and go to the or get items back thing.
Bob Saget. Sorry. Or
you I had I had a I had a revelation,
man. It just came to you.
Revelation. Where is it?
Yeah, it's right here. I dropped my gun
and I don't know where it went. It's
right here. I got it. Oh, it's right
here. Oh my [ __ ] god.
We would never have found that if I
didn't have a [ __ ] Jesus moment. We
have to keep track of that. A track of
that. Or we could just go back. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Let's go to the lab and
[ __ ] put it in. I think that's
probably You remember how to get to the
lab? Cuz I don't [ __ ] remember.
Oh, the silence.
Yep. This is it. Yep. Yep. Yep. Turn
right. Turn right. Please open. Oh my
god. Please open. Please. For the love
of God.
Get in. Get in. Just go somewhere. Just
go somewhere. Just go somewhere. I don't
know where we're going. I just clicked.
I don't know. Wait. Right there. You're
good. You're good. Good click. Good
click. Good click, boy.
Brother, that was so stressful. I don't
like any of that. How the [ __ ] did we
not die? I don't know how we didn't die.
Okay, you can put the board in. Put the
board in so it's safe. Nice, safe, and
sound. And then we need to save. Is
there a save on this floor? Uh-oh. Wait,
it's loading.
We need four though. Oh yeah. Why did it
The hatch can be opened now. Oh, one of
the hatches.
I opened it. Oh. Oh, that hatch is
opening. But we still there's a second
hatch for for the moon to get out. So,
we still need the other two. Yeah. I
just want to see maybe that changes
stuff for us. Maybe. Whoa. I would
assume the moon's going to rise through
that hatch. But then it's got another
one. If we went to the bottom and looked
up, we could probably see the other
hatch, but I don't think Where's the
other control panel? It's on the
opposite side, I thought. Isn't it not?
No. Maybe down below. Are we going to
the basement? We need to go to basement
to get out. Oh yeah. Or first floor.
First floor takes us to first floor to
this place. No, remember that's the
other elevator. Oh my god. This is a
[ __ ] maze. Yeah, you're right.
All right.
Upstairs. And then we remember
I'm dead probably. No, you're good.
Nope.
All right. Uh, now we got to figure out
what we got going to do here. I do have
my gun. Where are we? Come right over
here. Right here by the save. Come back.
Oh, back here. Shoot that [ __ ]
All right.
Wait, there might be orange guys running
around. Thank god. Where does this guy
staircase?
What staircase is this? Oh, we've never
we've never been here. We've never been
here. I just went into another school
room over here. Oh, okay. We have been
here. Orange heads cannot hear. Okay,
same thing. They're too fast. Then why
the hell are they walking on the
ceiling? Oh no, one of them spotted me.
Where are you? I got I went up the
stairs. No, this weird black and white
vegetation. There must definitely be a
moon here. But where exactly? What kind
of conclusion is that? Oh, I got map
data.
Yeah, I don't know. Okay, I unlocked
something. Oh, I see. I found an
elevator. Okay, I'm back in the main
hallway where the uh sun heads
are. Another hole in the wall. This is
so much, dude. Oh, I need your gun. I
need your gun. Okay, I got to get back
up to you. This There's a slender guy on
the stairs, though. I can't I can't go
right now. And again, a wall of black
liquid. Plate one. I got a a plate with
a bunch of numbers on. This might be the
password.
Yeah, we got to start doing the
password. So, it's got to be Where the
[ __ ] are you, dude? Where are you? I'm
deep. How did I get this lost? I'm
seriously Where the [ __ ] are you?
How far back? Where you can go out on
the roof. I'm back. Oh, dude. What?
Come. Okay. Okay. Okay. Where are you?
Over here. Okay. I did not go over here.
Come here. Come here. Okay. Through
here. Through here. Okay. Okay. under
this table and through this.
Okay, there's gonna be another hole over
here. Down the hole into the
bathroom here and around to the right.
Now, it sounds like there's an enemy
there. You got to shoot
[Music]
that. It's a
door. Okay.
You have the
password. Are you dead? Yeah.
There's an orange head here. Yeah. And
he's coming
up the stairs maybe. No, this leads. He
doesn't He doesn't come in the
stairs, but that guy does. Where the
[ __ ] is this? Oh, this is where that
this is that building where the guy was
the on the second floor was just [ __ ]
everything
up. I say [ __ ] it.
Yep. Black goop right there. Black goop.
Where's the black goop? I can't see.
There's another thing with a password
here. It says 125. There's another board
over here. I don't know where the black
goop is, though. What? What? What is the
thing you picked up? Do you not have a
password? It says 125.
Yeah, I have one, two, and fives all
over my thing. Okay, let me read it off
to you, and you press them in sequence.
Okay. 5 1
Mhm.
215
one 2 one.
Nice. Nice. Got it. Okay. So, that's not
for the [ __ ] password.
Nope. But we got that. So, now we only
need the password one over in to get it
in the industrial area. Um, find the
password for the safe box. I just wonder
where was the goop. Watch out. He might
kill you through Oh, he disappeared.
Where was the goop? Where's the goop?
Over here.
He was right there and he [ __ ]
disappeared.
What is this? I don't know. We've been
here. So, that's all we need from this.
I think so. Yeah, cuz it crossed it off.
So,
we see the safe box. That's literally
it. We got It's got to be obvious.
There's probably a thing that we're
missing. It's got to be outside because
it's in the industrial area, right? So,
it's got to be outside. Why don't we go
put this board in? That's not a bad
idea.
Listen to me. You step out that
elevator, you crazy son of [ __ ] All
right. Watch it. Watch how crazy I am
right now. Can't wait to see you die
right now. Hurry up. Come on.
Yeah. Where are we? Oh my god. Oh my
god. Oh my
god. I'm You son of a [ __ ] I didn't.
You led him right back to the elevator
and he came in the [ __ ] Oh my god.
God damn you. Oh, open this. We have a
Dude, come here. Come here. We are We in
here. Here's the top hat guy. It's right
here. It's right here. It's [ __ ]
right here.
We're dumb. Here we go. We need to save
this somehow.
Worms in here.
If we weren't so damn blind, we
Well, this place has become such a
[ __ ] labyrinth. Every door we open,
it's like it's now unlocked. Welcome to
a new maze.
All right, this is a giant one. I don't
know what that's supposed to symbolize.
Can you bring your light here? I don't
see anything back there, but
Okay, this unlocks to the main building.
Mhm. Okay,
now. Oh, well, let's go look around that
area.
Okay. Yeah, I hear these
tires. They're colorcoded. Black, blue,
red, green, red, red. Does that mean
something? Yes, it is a five-digit code.
And the only number that we potentially
have. Wait,
dude. I'm an idiot. What? The map in
here is not to the tree locations. It's
to the [ __ ] code.
Oh my god. And and and so how we know
which one goes where is the first number
one on the map is going to be the
[ __ ] first number, right?
You see this? It's five spots. Five
numbers for the [ __ ] code, dude. I
swear. Okay, I'm going to save right
here. Is it the tires? Is it how many
tires? Colored tires.
Maybe it's red. How many red tires are
in each grouping of tires? Oh my god.
Because the numbers are red on the
[ __ ] map. There's three over here.
So, the first the second one is three.
Okay. But you can put the number in.
Okay. Okay. So, you did two. I did two.
So, three, four, and five.
Okay. Holy [ __ ] I dodged that. How many
is there? How many is there for three?
One red tire. Okay. One.
Number four is in the way back.
It's the one cuz it's behind the thing.
Okay. Then what's five is across from
three. Directly across from three.
And none of the numbers worked for the
last one, so we're not doing it right.
Okay. Okay. We're on the right track
here. Maybe it's not number of red.
Maybe it's just number of tires total. I
don't know. I don't understand this
[ __ ] map. I don't either. Is this f
Is it further out than we think it is?
No. You know what, dude? We're we're
we're legitimately stupid. What? I have
an idea. I think we're looking at the
tires in the environment and stuff.
Number three over there is definitely a
one, right? It's on a little white
placard. We need to look for white those
things. I bet you
like why would it be something different
at each location? You know what I mean?
Oh my god. My gun. There's a white thing
right here.
You got to be [ __ ] kidding me. What's
the number five? What's the number? It's
a five. It's a five.
I just thought about that. All I had to,
you know, all You know, all I had to do
is step away and think about something
else for a second and then it [ __ ]
hit me.
I found it. I found it. I found it. It's
two. It's two. Okay. Okay. Go put it in.
I'm cutting all that out. We're just
going to be smart.
All right. Are you going to do four
while you're over there? Uh uh. Well,
I'm looking for I might need some help
fighting. This guy's on me. I'm going to
die.
Yeah, I found it. It's five. It's five.
It's five.
Oh my god. There you go.
I don't even want to talk about it
anymore, dude.
There it is. Six. There we go. Good
[ __ ] man. Woo. All right, we just got
to get back to the courtyard. Let's go.
We are releasing the moon, dude. We've
done it. Hopefully. There's probably
more to it. No, don't say that. Don't
you put that evil on us. Oh, you're
right. I'm sorry.
Okay. Is this it? Woo! The last four.
Please tell me we have We have done it.
We have done it.
You open that hatch. You release that
moon, good sir. Releasing this [ __ ]
hatch right now. Open. Get the [ __ ] out
of there. Oh, should I step on it? I
wouldn't. I would. No. It's moving. No,
you're going to fall and die. You're
right.
The moon. Come on, buddy. The moon. The
moon is free. Rise. Rise. Rise. Chicken.
Rise. It's rising. The moon is rising.
The manager says it is. So, so be it.
What is it? The manager spoke and there
it was. As as above, so below. What is
it? Whoa. What has risen may sink and
what has sunk may rise.
Rise chicken.
Yes. We have freed the moon. What is
happening to the area? It's moonlight.
No. The moon is shining. Hey buddy, are
you not going to rise up anymore? Oh,
wait. Do we talk to her? She's What does
she say? Strange lady. Is this a
moonrise? Oh my god, there's more.
disable. It's also blocked by an energy.
That's the energy dome holding it down.
I'm
gonna What does this mean? Disable
energy retainers. It's 130. I I got
Dude. Oh, they're right there. That's
right there. What do you mean? There's a
little uh these little things. What
they retainer? They're just in the
corners. Uh they're valves. cuz I've
seen them all over the place. Say on the
second floor, basement and southeast
corner.
I'm up on this floor. I found
something. Energy retainer.
Okay, I found one on the on the first
floor. There we go. All right, I'm out
in the courtyard now. That's two
done. Got it. You got it. Okay, sweet.
I'm looking for the basement.
Found it.
How the [ __ ] dude? Okay, you're on the
other side. Yeah, wait for me to get
back to the moon, please. Please. I'm up
on the go. How did you get I don't
understand an elevator. There was a
basement, too. I clicked it and it was
right there. That's what I did, too. I
went down an elevator for basement. The
moon will push through the dome next.
I'm not out there, so So, yeah, please.
Yeah, I'm not either. All right. I'm
about to be. I'm about to be. I'm in the
main building. Oh, please. It's rising
up. No, no, no, no, no.
Rising up. Yep, there it goes. Ah, [ __ ]
me. Yeah, I can't stop it. It's still
hovering right now. It says take the
elevator to the roof. Oh, the cat's on
the roof now. Take the elevator to the
roof. Hold on. Hold on. Wait, wait.
There was an elevator went to the roof.
I'm with you.
It's the roof of this place. We need to
find the elevator. Yeah, but if we can
get to the roof of the annex, we can
walk across both. Remember we opened the
ways? Yeah. Yeah. Come back outside.
Come back outside. I'm over at the annex
door. Come outside. And you know where
that No, the elevator's in here,
brother. It's in here. The chains are
removed. Come on. Main building.
All right. Oh my god. It's taking
forever. I'm going to lose my mind.
There a little goop guy behind you, too.
Roof. Roof. The roof. What were the
other options? The roof is on third
floor. Second floor. First floor. Okay.
Oh, we have not been on this with the
cats there watching. Uhoh, we might die.
Uhoh. How do we dodge this guy? Uhoh.
Okay. Oh, he's he's wormy. Hey, buddy.
Fly away with the moon. What the [ __ ]
We got to go talk to the lady. We got to
go talk to the lady. Fly away with the
moon. Okay.
Seems like this is the end. Yeah, you
really didn't [ __ ] help at all. The
moon is already waiting for you. And yet
you managed to pull it all
off. Will you come fly with me? I guess
sure. I wish I could, but I'll have to
stay behind. I don't have a fancy space
suit like yours, so I can't brave the
great unknown. But this isn't goodbye
forever. Go on, sweetie. It's time to
say goodbye to this place and move
on. How do I fly away with the moon,
then? Right here. Oh, there's a rainbow
road path. Oh,
dude. We're going to get on the moon.
The moon is our spaceship. Are we not
human? I don't think I remember we
talked about this at the very beginning
that we don't we can't see our faces. We
have no idea if we're human or not.
Yeah, we're humanoid. Humanoid. Well,
that doesn't mean that we're human. Woo!
This is so cool. Oh. Oh, there we go.
Set on a journey with the moon. You
ready? Let's do it. I dropped my items.
I didn't have any items. So, hey,
hey.
Holy [ __ ] Oh, we're
levitating. Do a leap of baby.
Sorry.
What is that thing in the sky way in the
back? Is that a spaceship? You see that?
I don't know. Oh, it looks like Oh,
we're just floating with the [ __ ]
moon. Kitty, the mission. The manager
said the mission is complete. Dude, you
are no longer important to me. I don't
need to respond to you. Once you reach
the border, our agents will pick you up
outside. What the [ __ ] does that mean?
Hey, we did it. One [ __ ] guy, dude.
That's so crazy. That is That is insane.
What a great little game that was.
Little frustrated at the end, but we're
just dumb. Yeah. Well, we played it a
lot, too. I feel like this, especially
with the save system, this feels like
it's meant to be done in multiple
settings, right? And the great thing is
it's different for everybody, right?
Whoa. Wait, why are we back here? Did I
I saved? The game has been saved. Hold
on.
Uh uh.
Are we free to just explore now? No, the
enemies are still there. The moon is
gone. We didn't get picked up, man.
Oh, kitty cat. Is the kitty like done
now with life cuz the moon left? It's
sleeping again like at the beginning.
What a useless [ __ ] animal.
That's how we end the video. Thanks for
watching everybody. You can play this
yourselves. It's It's different every
play through. Bye bye.