oh my God oh my God yo that Nintendo
switch 2 direct I I had a a list of
things I wanted to see and I saw a lot
of them there's so much stuff to talk
about I am super excited right now so
we're just going to hop straight into it
we're starting out hot Mario Kart World
the brand new Mario Kart game the launch
day Mario Kart game they kind of went
like the Diddy Kong Racing route with
this game or I guess by extension like
the Sonic Allstar sort of Route if
that's a bit newer for you guys where
you can like grind on stuff your cart
can turn into like a a boat and go over
different areas with different vehicle
Transformations you can go off a walls
there's all sorts of crazy powerups the
graphics look fantastic like this is a
beautiful looking game and we'll get
into some of the text specs of the
system as well as this video goes along
there's a day and night cycle with
various weather condition that actually
affects how you race there's up to 24
Racers at once you can go off the track
and go wherever there's a free mode
where you could just like Cruise
throughout the track and go off the
course and like find different paths and
stuff like that there's a knockout mode
where all the courses are interconnected
so that that way you are just doing it
you know all in one span and people that
are racing get knocked out based on you
know their position of it this will
looks nuts bro this looks so good and
like Mario Kart 8 Deluxe was awesome but
like this is such such a unique take on
it and I think the proper take for the
Mario Kart franchise like I said that is
a launch day title I can't wait for this
game dude it's going to be so much fun
and it's going to be so awesome and then
we start getting into features this
thing moved at a very brisk pace and
we're going like over an hour long of
content there is voice chat DC button is
game chat people Nintendo has entered
the Xbox 360 generation it is built in
to the system you press the C button and
then you can talk to people on your
friends list I am so happy right now I
am so happy this was such a basic ass
feature but they also did talk about
like the parental controls thing which
is something that I said parents need to
parent their children you have screen
sharing built into the system as well
you can get like this camera thing and
get on screen yourself now the screen
sharing and the camera action did look a
little bit choppy definitely need to
tighten that up a little bit or maybe
that's just how it's going to be you can
adjust the screen size as well so that
because like there's this weird thing on
the bottom where it shows you like who's
talking I don't want that I don't need
that I can you know decide whose voice
is speaking but I guess they put that up
there so that you could see like the
camera it does seem like it's just a USB
uh camera that you attach to it so I'm
sure there will be some alternative
choices if you want something that's a
little bit different for there and this
is just awesome this is a much needed
feature like you know something to bring
it into the modern era and like as
they're showing off all this stuff like
the designers of the switch 2 look to be
very young and like these Young Bucks
cooked because now now we're getting
into the system specifications 1080p
screen in handheld mode 7.9 in screen
with the same thickness as the original
Nintendo switch we have up to 120 frames
per second in handheld mode with HDR
support bro let me read that again 1080p
screen 7.9 in 120 frames per second
refresh rate and HDR support bro that is
a huge massive massive upgrade over the
original Nintendo switch I am so happy
that those rumors that we talked about
ended up being true of course they show
off the mouse for a little bit there's a
new stand 256 gigs of internal storage
as I called and and 4K docked support
yes kiddos Nintendo has entered the 4K
realm there is 60 frames per second Max
in 4k docked mode you can get um 120 uh
you can get 1080p 120 frames per second
in various games such as games will be
talking about such as first party
Nintendo switch 2 games one that I'm
super excited for but yes technically
speaking great this is greatness this is
what I wanted from this system it seems
like they're actually like trying really
hard to make this a a very modern system
so I'm I'm I'm I'm thrilled about that
like 1080p 120 frame per second switch
games on the switch 2 or new games on
the switch 2 like that's going to look
so much better they then showed off the
switch 2 Welcome tour this was honestly
pretty weird it teaches you about the
system in like an interactive way and
there's like little mini games and stuff
but it's a paid digital game I
definitely feel like this should have
been uh you know packed in little bundle
title but hey you know what do I know um
and then they showed off the game carts
the game carts are now red instead of
grayish black like we saw with the
original Nintendo switch there is faster
data reading speeds as well micro SD
Express only on the switch 2 so you
won't be able to use a standard micro SD
card you have to use a Micro SD Express
card you can get those like I said I got
a SanDisk one that's like 256 gigs that
uh was like 30 or 40 bucks so you know
pretty good they showed off a switch 2
Pro Controller that has the C button new
programmable back triggers and a
headphone jack and the system has a
launch date June 5th let's go that is
what I am talking about
um very very excited for this June 5th
you know roughly two months away and I
can't wait for this before we go any
further though you're going to need some
protection for your Nintendo switch 2
and that's where today's sponsor dbrand
comes into play the Nintendo switch 2 is
almost here but are you going to trust
it naked in your grubby disgusting hands
meet kill switch D Brand's ultimate case
built for Comfort protection and
versatility and launching alongside of
the Nintendo switch 2 this June the
dbrand kill switch features ergonomic
grips for actual Comfort because joycons
that's not it pal a custom dock adapter
with USB 4 that's fully compatible with
Nintendo's official Dock and doubling as
a Sleek display stand and a crush proof
travel cover now with a frosted game
card holder for up to 10 games no more
digging through your cases like a
caveman you could pick up the dbrand
kill switch alongside of your Nintendo
switch now by reserving yours today for
just $3 to make sure you're first in
line this June dbrand has been around
for the original Nintendo switch and
they're going to be here for the
Nintendo switch 2 check out my link in
the description box down below or in the
pinned comment and head on over to D
Brand's website to reserve yours today
huge thank you to dbrand for sponsoring
today's video and then we get into the
different game types there are switch 2
games there are switch one games and
then there are switch 2 Edition games
enhanced switch which one games they're
really doing it they are charging you
money for it though let's get that out
of the way this does cost money you know
I I try to tell you guys these weren't
going to be free upgrades but you know
what do I know Super Mario Party jamere
switch 2 Edition was showed off it
expands upon the base game there is some
audio stuff with voice chat camera
support in the game as well there are
some brand new modes in it as well you
could basically purchase this as an
upgrade pack they did not say how much
these upgrad packs were going to be I'm
guessing like 30 bucks like I I'm just
going to go on the high end with this I
never picked up Super Mario Party
country bear jamere so I don't really
care about this but you know I guess
it's cool if you're a big fan of it then
then we have breath of the wild and
tears of the Kingdom switch two editions
oh boy oh boy enhanced resolution
enhanced frame rates HDR support yes yes
those games are going to look I I might
have to replay them now because they're
going to look so good they're going to
look so good with with with high frame
rates and and and and higher resolution
and HDR there's new content kind of with
the Zelda notes thing it's a weird thing
for your uh Nintendo online phone
application it like send you tips and
you could send QR codes of your builds
to different people but the gamees just
look so much smoother Kirby in the
Forgotten land gets new content with
additional story content improved
graphics and frame rates for the
Nintendo switch 2 Edition edtion and
here's the big one folks here is the
freaking big one Metroid Prime 4 Beyond
Nintendo switch 2 Edition we are in the
building Mouse controls for Nintendo
switch 2 4K 60 frames per second HDR in
dock mode or you could do a performance
mode with 1080p 120 FPS with HDR bro is
this
Nintendo is is this the Nintendo I grew
up with because it seems like a
different Nintendo it seems this is a a
a very different Nintendo that I am not
used to but I am thankful for I am happy
that this new Nintendo exists within my
world because Metroid Prime 4 Beyond bro
just just skip that switch version just
get that switch 2 version that that is
all you need that is going to be a
superior firstperson Adventure
experience and then I don't really know
what this was this is called Dragon
Drive it's like wheelchair sport s like
you could become the goat of wheelchair
basketball and like you use the mouse as
like to control your wheelchair and like
call for passes and stuff I hope this is
a very cheap game um it comes out in
summer of
2025 Wheelchair Sports it's actually
called Dragon drive but I'm goingon to
call it Wheelchair Sports shout outs to
Nick the Wheelman he's a person that I'm
friends with on Facebook he always
messages me um Nick this hey you better
be the king of this game pal um then we
got some third party stuff and you
remember like how I told you guys there
was going to be tons of third party
games for the switch too well there was
tons of third party games for the switch
too Elden ring Elden ring tarist Edition
is coming to the Nintendo switch 2 I
mean it's alen ring I'm not a fan of the
game I tried it I did try it and we're
gonna have to try some more from soft
stuff as the video goes along Hades 2 is
coming to the switch to Street Fighter 6
years one and two Edition with new
amiibo okay that that's surprising but
Street Fighter 6 hell yeah Damon X Mak
makina Titanic which actually looks
really good like I never really liked
the first game all that much I wasn't
super impressed with the demo but I
think this actually looks like really
good split fiction is coming to the
Nintendo switch 2 as a launch game so
expect all those Joseph Ferris games to
end up on the system EA EA is here
Madden is coming folks Madden is indeed
coming he's coming down your chimney um
and uh football club is also coming
Hogwarts Legacy switch 2 Edition that
features Mouse controls enhanced game
enhanced visuals better frame rates all
that stuff that is a launch date game
Tony Hawk 3 and four switch edition
hitman is coming as well along with a
new game project 007 that was teased
towards the end which looks I mean they
didn't really show anything but it
sounds very cool because I am a fan of
James Bond Square Enix is bringing
Bravely Default remaster Yakuza zero
director's cut with new scenes on launch
day I need a little break I need to need
to catch my breath here because we're
not done we are nowhere near done and
there are still big fire announcements
to come like they could have ended it
there and I would have been like damn
that's a pretty good show but no no no
no there's more you want more how about
a new Hyrule Warriors game huh Hyrule
Warriors age of imprisonment coming this
winter it is based on tears of the
kingdom it is the story leading into
tears of the kingdom it uses the visual
aesthetic of well well tears of the
Kingdom I think it looks really good you
know there was a ton of characters on
screen a ton of enemies and stuff like
that you know some of the Hyrule
Warriors games really outside of Hyrule
Warriors Legends like age of Calamity
just that needs a switch to addition
like for sure and I would actually pay
for that because I want to be able to
actually experience that game instead of
having it just like sit on my shelf but
that's coming this winter and then holy
Christ on a cracker what did I say we
need Nintendo switch online needs to add
a new system for the switch 2 and they
said rgt we got you Brody GameCube is
coming to Nintendo switch online
exclusively for the Nintendo switch 2
what are the launch games oh I don't
know The Legend of Zelda Wind Waker huh
you know you wanted that that wind waker
HD well you're kind of getting it
because these GameCube games have
upgraded image quality and resolution so
Wind Waker soulcaliber 2 yes the good
version of soulcaliber 2 that features
link it's still an awesome game it still
has hold held up really well and FZ GX
in games that support it there's
four-player online multiplayer or local
multiplayer more games were also teased
as well Luigi's Mansion the good Mario
Strikers game other games chibi Robo and
this is available on launch day for
expansion pack members bro GameCube
thank you thank you Lord Jesus Almighty
for GameCube on Nintendo switch online
expansion pack I an expansion pack
member so I'll be eating good you want
more oh there's plenty more cuz there's
more third parties that we have to talk
about as well I didn't even manage to
write down all these the stream ended up
like freezing and like everything got
out of sync for a while I'm assuming
that like people were just crashing the
stream because there were so many people
watching it Delta Rune Delta don't care
there's like all the Delta Rune games I
don't I don't mess with that stuff uh
Borderlands for Randy was there
Randy uh Borderlands 4 is coming to the
switch in 2025 civilization 7 switch 2
Edition with mouse support that's going
to be a thing going on I feel like WWE
2K NBA 2K coming to the Nintendo switch
2 you you have to you should be giving
away WWE 2K for the switch 2 after that
abortion that failed abortion you can't
even say that but I'm saying it after
that that that piss ass showing that you
did with WWE 2K on the switch you should
be giving this away here's where the
stream messed up so I didn't get footage
of this but cyberpunk 2077 is a switch
to launch Day game Final Fantasy 7
remake intergrade is coming to switch to
along with final F the other Final
Fantasy 7 game rebirth now the stream
came back there was a Sizzle reel
because like these were getting like
individual times and stuff so silk song
was showing up they said it was a 2025
game I don't know about that partner
Star Wars Outlaws was shown get out of
here U what are you doing Ubisoft shoo
Shoe Fly Don't Bother Me shinen Shin in
I don't know how you say it but the
people that made fast rmx and uh those
you know awesome games they're making a
new Fast game and that's going to be
super cool because they're always
graphical showcase for the system
there's some weird Ridge Racer
compilation from Bandai Namco as well
like the arcade editions and stuff like
that hope it has online that would be
super cool now I'm trying to catch my
breath now I'm trying to relax a little
bit we're getting towards the end of
into the presentation here and I am more
than satisfied I am I am very very
satisfied and then they show the from
software logo and I'm like okay you know
I'm not I'm not I'm not a big from
software guy but this is a new game so
that kind of made things interesting
like oh because I you know I looked on
my Twitter I'm not I'm not I'm not an
expert in fromsoft and everyone's like
oh this is a new game I'm like okay the
aesthetic looks really cool like some
sort of vampires with like different
characters and stuff like that you know
I I'm liking what I'm seeing kind of the
Castlevania VI Vibe I'm sure I'll buy it
and try it and then not like it but then
they showed that you could like turn
into a dinosaur like a big ass T-Rex and
I was like okay well you know what I am
in this is a game called the DUS Bloods
it will be coming out in 2026 and this
is an exclusive Nintendo switch 2 game
an exclusive from software Nintendo
switch 2 game exclusives matter people
no matter what these these idiots morons
these fools on YouTube and x and
Facebook and Twitter and whatever social
media platform you use Instagram these
morons and say looks nobody cares about
exclusives you're going to tell me bro
they're going to sell so many units of
the switch to because people are going
to want to play this game fromsoft is so
hot right now like they are they are
it's so hot you have Elden ring and then
you have the dusk Bloods which is an
exclusive switch 2 game like bro drop
drop the cap with this drop exclusives
do matter when you're trying to sell
Hardware if you don't care about selling
Hardware then yes it probably doesn't
matter the throat goat was up next Kirby
Air Riders a sequel to the GameCube game
Kirby air ride um it's directed by
Sakurai so OJ will give it a 10 out of
10 like immediately just a little teaser
of this and then we have the final game
the last game of this
presentation and it's Donkey Kong and
he's in 3D a new 3D Donkey Kong game if
you know anything about me I hate Donkey
Kong 64 I think it is a travesty of a
game but this my friends looks amazing
this looks so good so many graphical
effects and obviously like the footage
you're seeing is compressed because of
YouTube I'm screen recording from my
computer while I'm watching this but it
looked so good you could ground pound
like go into the underground you could
smash walls you can destroy the
environment and it like
stays destroyed and it plays into the
gameplay honestly the graphical style
kind of looks like Super Mario Odyssey
on crack the little little hit of LSD as
well like it is very vibrant it is very
gorgeous looking this looked so awesome
Donkey Kong Bonanza is the name in the
game and it'll be coming out on July
17th so a month after the launch of the
switch then they showed off a bundle of
Mario Kart World along with a vanilla
version of the system did not say a
price point but holy [ __ ] what a show
what a show this was everything I wanted
in more third party games expansion to
the Nintendo switch online basic online
features a a capable system like that
that new screen is going to be awesome
the the the the the the the features
this bro I'm so excited right now like
I'm so happy this is what I wanted and I
F I finally have gotten what I wanted I
have finally gotten what n you know what
you know what this is Nintendo fans
deserve this if you're a fan of even if
you're just casual fan like I'm not a
Nintendo Fanboy or anything like that I
love all my
platforms but these are the things that
Nintendo fans have been hoping for with
the switch 2 something to keep up with
Jones's but still has that Nintendo
feeling to it you're showing off so many
pieces of software and yeah some of
these pieces of software are older but
there were exclusive games at this games
developed by Nintendo an exclusive game
developed by fromsoft like bro I'm
thrilled I'm thrilled this was great
this was a great presentation and now
the fun has really begun because now
other companies are going to be saying
what games they have coming other
companies are going to be doing this
that or the
other great show great show I don't care
how much this thing costs I I I I don't
care because I'm buying several I want
to I want to make a a a a tower of these
systems now of course there are concerns
you know the the the voice chat and the
screen sharing thing looked very wonky
how much are these enhanced versions of
games going to cost with the upgrade
path you know how much is the system
going to cost I'm thinking 400 maybe 450
now I'm kind of leaning more towards the
450 range but I don't care I am thrilled
with this this was a great
presentation and now the fun has really
begun now the fun really begins so let
me know in the comments section down
below what did you think of this
showcase did you enjoy it and if so what
were your highlights or what were your
low lights and as always guys thank you
for checking out this video huge thank
you to dbrand protect your Nintendo
switch 2 go over to D Brand's website
with the link in the description box
down below or in the pinned comment
section and pre-order your dbrand uh
kill switch case for your Nintendo
switch 2 I'm sure I'll be back later
with more videos and as always I'll
catch you guys on the next one later