So, the new season has just started, the
spirit blossom season, and I wanted to
take the opportunity to explain every
mid champion in detail. I've played a
ton of games recently as I've just
started my Korean boot camp and I've
been climbing pretty rapidly, and I want
to talk to you guys about all the
changes that we've had in this patch and
just where everything has settled. So,
first off, before we go through the
champs themselves, there are a bunch of
timestamps in the description below. I'm
just going to really quick talk about
the major changes on the patch itself.
So, probably the biggest thing is the
grub spawn. So, they've made it so grubs
don't spawn until 8 minutes. This is a
pretty big deal because it kind of nerfs
a little bit the champs that spike super
hard at six and makes it so the
champions that needed time to scale are
a little bit better. Now, it's not like
a super hard swing, right? Because
obviously, um 8 minutes is still a time
in the game where champions that do
spike at level six are going to be very
powerful, but it just shifts that ever
so slightly towards the other way. means
that champions like say Aurora are
slightly weaker than before and champs
like Azir are slightly better than
before. So that's a pretty big meta
change. Um other than that there's buffs
and nerfs to the champs themselves. So
Annie got a pretty significant buff.
We'll talk about that when we get to
her. Uh what else did we have? We have
um the fury. This was aimed at jungle,
but it is a pretty big nerf to mid.
Oriana's buff is pretty nice as well.
Again, we'll talk about her more in
depth. Um and then there are also a few
changes that do impact certain play
styles. So, for example, the symbiotic
souls being changed, no longer grinding
empowered recall does nerf things like
Cho'Gath and Quinn and stuff. Rod of
Ages got a pretty big nerf. I actually
don't think this changes the meta as
much as people think. I think one thing
that's really good right now is just
sitting on catalyst. So, something I've
really been experimenting with on champs
that built ROA before is going catalyst
into another item. So, for example, on
Ahri, I've been doing catalyst into
Blackfire in matches where, you know, in
bad matchups or in, you know, against
assassins basically in games where you
would build row before, now I'm just
building catalyst instead. Same for
other champions, like if I'm playing a
mage, I would try and default to
something, you know, like your blackfire
builds or whatever, but if you're in one
of those bad matchups where you need the
sustain, or if you're against an
assassin and you need the health, that's
a good time to go run of ages. So, I
think that's pretty much all the things
uh that are major. I guess maybe the
ignite change. I don't think this
affects mid a ton. TP overall is mostly
better, but this is maybe good for Zoey.
I think everything else kind of still
prefers TP. So, moving on to the
champions themselves. The first one we
have is Ahri. And I'm pretty sure that
Ari is still for the majority of the
player base the best mid in the game.
Ari is absolutely broken for solo Q.
She's probably the premier blind pick
because she has so many abilities to
neutralize matchups, right? Like she has
good wave clear. She has a lot of
sustain and also she has access to the
catalyst build. So as I mentioned at the
start in bad matchups or assassin
matchups I've just been doing catalyst
into blackfire which I think is very
powerful and it makes it very hard for
you to be pushed out of lane. She also
just thrives in solo Q in general right
like the having mobility is so good and
she's really really good at skirmishing
which again is a major part of solo Q.
So I think Ari is probably the best
champion for anyone to add to a champion
pool. You know people are always asking
me like is Ahri plus like these champs
fine? I think as long as you have Arya
in your champion pool, you you can
pretty much add whatever other stuff you
want because she is such a strong line
and you can also just pick her whenever
your other champs aren't good. So, not
enough good things to say about Ari. I
think the champion is still extremely
broken. She did get some nerfs which
pushed her towards EMAC second instead
of Wax second, which I think is still
fine. uh the Wax was maybe slightly
better, but I I still think that for her
versatility, for her ability to play
just about every matchup, and just for
how well she thrives in the solo Q
space, I think she's, like I said,
probably the best mid in the game for
just about everyone watching this tier
list. Akali, I think we'll put somewhere
in the A tier. So, I do think Akali is a
little nerfed this patch, mainly because
the grubs spawning that little bit later
do make things a little bit more
difficult. That's potentially like one
less alt she gets to use at kind of a
guaranteed time to skirmish. I still
think she's one of the higher tier
assassins in that she can play most
matchups with the combination of
dshields that can win. She's also just
like very very strong in general with
the electrocute obviously right has a
lot of power in the early game. I do
think the prevalence of catalyst and
rower also make it a little more
difficult to play a but she's still very
very solid. I think Akali will actually
kind of rise next patch mainly because
they're making a lot of changes to AP
items and one of those changes is the
Lichbane and Lichbane having a better
build path next patch will probably make
Akali go way up but she's still very
solid. Uh if you want to use a Kali at
the moment I would probably recommend
countering with her into things that
either don't really want to build tanky.
So for example you can pick a Kalind
something like Synindra cuz Synindra
doesn't really want to go for catalyst
doesn't want to go for rower. So that
you, you know, basically guarantees that
you're going to have someone to kill. Or
alternatively, you can pick it into the
melee champions that don't really have a
way to itemize tanky early. So things
like Yon or Yasua, right? Like they
can't really access tank your items
until at least two items. And that gives
you a long time in order to punish the
lane. Axan for me is an A+ champion in
solo Q. He really thrives again in the
solo chaos. It's very easy to get fed,
even if you play your lane poorly.
There's always the chance that in a
random skirmish or off a lucky roam or
whatever, you can end up being very
strong. In a way, I kind of think of him
as similar to Talon and Katarina where
it is, you know, this champ that kind of
sacrifices a little bit of efficiency
sometimes in order to like make these
roams and randoms play happen. But the
thing is, it's like because he's so
strong in lane and because he has so
much more wave clear, it's easier to
make these plays happen without having
to sacrifice anything. I do think he's
very unique and actually that's probably
why you don't see him more because those
champions that do have the closest
overlap to him are melee whereas Ashan
is range. So, you don't see a lot of
overlap between those two player bases.
But I think he's super super broken and
a champ that if you're looking for like
an AD champion in your pool, especially
when like there's AP junglers being
picked, Ashan is a super solid option.
And Bessa I still think is super super
broken as a champion. Now I do think
that most of her strength lies in
countering melee lanes. You can play it
versus the range champs, but they kind
of have to be ranged and im mobile so
that you can actually gank them.
Overall, I do think she's better in top
because it's more likely that you get
those matchups. But if you do manage to
get a good counterpick match up mid, it
is really solid. Like I said, like you
kind of get reduced value because a lot
of the blind picks and mid tend to be
range plus mobility, right? Like things
like Ahri or Azir or whatever. And it's
just really hard for Ambessa to make
anything happen against these and you
kind of just feel like you're a fine
champion, but you're not getting what
makes your champion OP. That being said,
if you find in your ELO that people are
kind of blind and greedily, they're
picking champions that are, you know, im
mobile or can't pressure the lane or are
melee, then you can often pick an
Ambessa. And I do think she's really,
really strong. maybe could move her up
to A for that reason. It really just
depends like how often are you seeing
Ambessa's good matchups picked. Anivvia
is a champion that I've had my opinions
changed on a lot lately for a few
reasons. So the first off is that
there's an Enivian main on Korea who's
been doing very very well with it and
that's kind of convinced me that, you
know, this champion has potential.
Another thing that's really changed my
mind about Ania is that I think her
build path has gotten a lot better. So
something I've always criticized Anivia
of before is that you know when you're
going a build like Saraf and like Za or
something you just end up doing no
damage. And the thing I hated about
Anivvia was it's like okay you know
Anivvia is your counterpick to
short-range compositions. It feels like
Tia can do the same thing as Anivia
while just putting out more damage and
without having to itemize so defensively
in order to actually manage your lane,
right? Because Tia with her push kind of
has more tools for managing those bad
lanes whereas Anivvia just kind of gets
[ __ ] early. But I think with the kind
of new catalyst tech of, you know,
catalyst now is so strong and so easy to
build, you can just sit on catalyst and
then accelerate towards your other
items. So I think, you know, there's
potential for going something like
catalyst, Sarah, Leandry, Rabbiton or
something. And that just allows you to
have so much more impact. So I could
maybe even see this champ creeping up a
little bit more. I think now is actually
an underrated champ, which is probably
crazy to hear if you watch my channel
often cuz I've always been an Anovia
hater, but I actually think she has a
lot of potential now. So definitely a
champion to keep an eye on. Next we have
Annie. So I think Annie should creep her
way to the bottom of A tier probably. So
if we come and find these Annie buffs,
they were pretty significant, right?
Like she got very sizable buffs here.
She got a lot of damage on her queue.
Not only some damage at the first rank,
but also at later ranks as well. Uh
minus 20 mana at this is super super
valuable as well. And of course more pen
on tibret. So I think Annie is actually
pretty good right now. Like I said, kind
of a low A tier. Couple different builds
you can do. One is the first strike
build with, you know, playing for
scaling. Basically, it's really easy to
proc first strike on Annie because if
you use your E, you're always going to
get the first strike even if your
opponent hits you. Uh, alternatively,
you can play some sort of electrocute
burst build. You know, I've seen people
going for just their classic like
malignant shadow flame and stuff. Uh,
you can even play airy and just like
play for maximum lane pressure,
something like airy, scourge, cut down,
and then, you know, using your E at
level one, really trying to get those
orders in and stuff. So, I think Annie's
like pretty underrated and another champ
that I could see really moving up. I
would say if Annie is weaker this patch,
it's because catalyst is still quite
strong and they moved back the grub
timing. So, I think much stronger than
last patch, I feel like, and definitely
a champ that has potential to move
higher. But maybe the meta holds her
back just a tiny bit. Keep an eye on her
though because if Catalyst ever gets
nerfed, then I think Annie goes up in
value a lot because she gains a lot of
value from then having more lane
pressure and more burst against these
champions that just don't really have a
way to deal with her. One thing to kind
of add to that is that previously a long
time ago, the answer to Annie was to go
Merk treads, but merk treads have been
nerfed so much that it doesn't feel that
good anymore, which is why people just
buy catalyst against her instead. But if
catalyst gets nerfed and merks aren't
really that viable an option anymore,
then Annie would probably be OP.
Aurelion Soul is another champion that I
think is kind of creeping his way up the
list. So, I want to put him somewhere in
the A tier. I do think most of Asol's
value lies in counterpicking those. So,
you'll kind of see some of the other
champions that I put up here. Uh AS
match ups into. So, I think ASOL
specifically is a good counter to both
Azir and Victor. And the amount of kind
of options that you have in these
champions are fairly limited. So, ASOL
being one of the premier counter picks
against these champions is super strong.
I do think Asol's blind pickability is
kind of low. Like he does have a lot of
counterpicks. Uh but if you can manage
to get a good matchup, again, whether
that's a couple of those champions that
I listed before or something that just
allows you to scale for free, I think
he's very, very strong. One thing that I
do think is really important with
Aurelion Soul is knowing how to play
your level one. So, there are, you know,
matchups like Victor where if you don't
play the level one correctly, you
probably will just lose. But if you know
how to play it, you can really leverage
your level one strength into winning the
first couple levels, winning the first
base, and then putting yourself in a
good position. So, it's kind of a
champion that requires honestly like a
lot of precision and game knowledge in
order to pull off. But, I do think that
as part of a pool, he is very, very
strong at the moment. Aurora is one
champion that I get asked about all the
time because her win rate is actually
really, really low at the moment. I
still think this champion is extremely
strong. So she is played in high elo all
the time and the reason is that well one
she has mobility which makes her a
pretty good blind pick and able to deal
with a lot of the aggressive jungle
support combos. She's also a very very
good skirmisher. So even though grubs
have been delayed a little bit, she's
still extremely strong at that fight,
right? Like she is the sort of champion
that can win the grub fight just off her
ulti strength alone. And she's actually
a pretty strong lane bully as well. Like
she does lose to the other super strong
laners, but she does basically bully out
the entire rest of the midlane roster.
So, couple things I guess on this. Uh,
first off, the main reason you don't see
Aurora picked more, I think, is because
Ahri is sort of just better than Aurora.
Uh, and also is like a little easier.
And I think Ari counters Aurora. But in
higher elos, Ari is banned a lot. And
then Aurora becomes a really, really
premier pick because with that off the
table, you know, then Aurora kind of
becomes your premier, you know, mid
jungle 2v2 champion. Great skirmisher,
great mobility. um can again neutralize
similar to Ari just with the wave clear.
As for why Aurora's win rate is so low,
I would actually say this champion is
just like quite a bit harder than people
realize. So, it's really easy to engage
at the wrong time or to fight without
alt or for your alt to be on cooldown or
for you not to pressure lane properly.
Um there's also just a lot of kind of
like fundamental traps which is kind of
um I guess what I mean by that is stuff
like uh this is a champion that is kind
of buil I guess or described as a
roaming champion. And almost always when
I see people play roaming champions,
they roam way too much at bad times and
they just end up with no CS. And having,
you know, little to no CS on a champion
like Aurora is much, much more punishing
than on a champion like Ahri because,
you know, Ahri is more forgiving, right?
Like she's easier to survive, but she
also has that utility, right, with the
charm. I would say Aurora's utility,
yeah, she has like the AoE slow from her
al, but it's like if you're behind, you
just go in and instantly die. Whereas
that is not the case with Ari. So
basically, I think Aurora is still very
very strong. You can look at Halo,
they're still prioritizing it a lot. Um,
and mainly I think the win rate is low
just because the champion is more
difficult than people give her credit
for. Another controversial one is Azir.
So in competitive play, I would say Azir
is probably the best in the game or very
close to it. In solo Q, he is good with
a couple conditions. So those conditions
are one, you actually just have to be
good at Azir, right? Like this champion
is not easy. Not only is there a high
mechanical requirement, but there's also
just a lot of options that you have in
terms of things you can do at any given
time with Azir, and that can be pretty
overwhelming, right? So, in order to
kind of meet those requirements, I think
that you've got to be a pretty high
level mid laner. Honestly, you've got to
be like master plus or maybe even GM
plus to make the effort that is required
to play Azir more worth it than the
effort put into another champion. So, I
would say that for most of you guys
watching this tier list, Azir is
honestly probably going to be more in
the B+ or maybe as a low A. Um, but
again, as you get higher elo and as you
get better at Zer, he probably belongs
in the A+ or maybe even the S. I'd say
not quite S for solo, but he is very,
very solid. I think I'll put him in the
A+ just as kind of that middle ground
between the higher and lower elos, but
like I said, I think if you're below
master tier, obviously you can play Azir
if you enjoy it, right? and the champion
is strong, but you're probably going to
find it much easier to climb with
something else. Brand is a champion that
always scores really, really highly on
my lower ELO tier list. And I would say
that if you're platinum or below, that
Brand is probably an S tier mid laner.
That being said, as you get higher up in
the ranks, I do think that Brand is kind
of more at home in the jungle. The
problem is that the mid matchups can be
pretty hard. So even though like if you
can manage to go even and kind of you
know get into the mid game in a in a
pretty solid spot, Bran is pretty good.
Like you do output a lot of damage, but
that lack of mobility and kind of being
vulnerable into the laning phase into a
lot of different champs makes it
difficult. He is actually a pretty
strong lane bully into certain things
like if a champion is too short range to
punish you and also doesn't have a way
to dash onto you, I think Bran can do
pretty well. But there's just so many
bad matchups mid that yeah, as you get
to higher elos, you just get punished
too hard. Whereas in the jungle, you can
kind of get the free farm. So, like I
said, if you're below platinum in those
elos where you're probably not getting
punished in lane that hard or you're not
getting ganked as often, I think Bran is
super solid and just for ease of
execution gets a lot of points. Uh, but
be careful prioritizing him as you get
into the higher elos. Casio is my
favorite champion of all time, probably
my most played champion of all time as
well, but I do think that she is just a
B+ in mid lane. She is a pretty solid
champion overall, but she really suffers
from just most of the matchups being
pretty bad. You can play that QAX
Blackfire build that I talked about in
the range matchups, and that can make it
a lot more playable, but it's still
going to be difficult, right? Like,
ideally, Kasu is paired against kind of
shorter range melees or team comps,
which feel very good. And I do think
that she is a much better pick in top
lane or bot lane, at least if you want
to be a one trick. Now, if you're going
to use her exclusively as a counter
pick, then mid is a pretty good spot for
that. She's got good matchups into, you
know, again, a lot of short range and
melees and stuff, but do be really
careful picking her as a blind because
you can get punished so hard by all the
range champs in the meta. You know,
things like the Victor, Ary, Synindra,
Lux, Zerath, etc. The list goes on. Um,
but yeah, be very careful. Although, if
you get a good game for it, it is very
strong. So, with the big symbiotic souls
nerf, my guess is that Cho'Gath is a lot
weaker. Now, I will admit I haven't seen
Cho'Gath on the new patch. So, it's
possible that there's something you can
do like maybe you can just like rush
catalyst and sit in it and maybe that
kind of makes up for the lack of
empowered recall. Maybe you can just
stay in lane long enough. And probably
as a counter pick is still pretty good.
But I do think a lot of Cho'G strength
was you could play it into basically
anything and it didn't really matter how
much health you lost because you could
recall after virtually every wave. So, I
do think previous to Adam Summer in the
A tier now is probably a little on the
weaker side. maybe somewhere in B+ or
potentially going down to B. Um, he
still gets points for just being simple.
That actually has like a lot of value in
solo queue, right? Ease of execution is
pretty overpowered, but I do think he
was probably hit the hardest by the nerf
to the symbotic souls. Corki is sort of
a weird one to be honest. So, in Hyo,
Corki gets played quite a bit, and the
reason is that the AD midpool is a lot
smaller than the AP midpool. And so when
you have, you know, champs on your team
like Lilia or Rumble or something,
champions that you really prefer to be
solo AP, you kind of want to play an AD
mid. And like I said, there's just not
that many options. And Corki is one of
the ones that can actually be played mid
into most matchups. Now, the thing is, I
think Corki is honestly pretty hard to
pull off in solo Q because the thing is
that while again, you don't really offer
any utility, you're not particularly
good at these grub fights and stuff. So
really what you're bringing is that 1v
one lane power and scaling and it's kind
of like Azir honestly where you've just
got to make sure that you're so strong
in terms of um like 10 or maybe even 11
CSPM having like great XP and kind of
like making up for the fact that you
don't offer anything to your team early.
So, while I do think he is stronger in
higher elos, I think that's mainly
because uh one, a lot of his strength
comes from those very strong AP junglers
that are definitely more prevalent in
higher elo. And I also think that
Corki's play style, despite being a
fairly easy champ mechanically, is
pretty hard to pull off. So, I would say
that objectively the champ is probably A
tier, but I actually think for most of
you watching, he's probably only a B+ or
maybe even a B because his champ play
style itself is going to be too hard to
pull off unless you're again like a
master plus player. And you probably
find it so much easier to just play a
champ that can make things simple, that
can just rock up to team fights like an
Aurora or an Aari or something and have
a lot of impact in that way instead.
I'll put him in the B+ just to kind of
even it out, but just know that again
high elo he's pretty good and I think if
you're a low elo player he's not going
to find much value for you. Diana as a
champion I think is kind of underrated.
I think it's a champion that actually
has a lot of pressure in the laning
phase. I do think a lot of Diana kind of
go for the wrong runes. I think that the
phase rush resolve page is so much
better than the electrocute page because
the ability to, you know, just like
trade into your opponent really quickly,
be able to get out is so valuable. And I
actually think that most of Diana's
pressure in lane just comes from the
constant Q spam. Like it's so cheap and
it's so hard to dodge rather than being
able to like dash on someone. Now, you
can go for that electrocute page and
there there probably are certain
matchups where you're not really scared
about taking damage in return, but even
though that electrocute page does more
damage, the total damage difference, I
think, is a lot bigger with phase rush.
Like you'll do less damage, but you'll
take so much less damage in return. And
that makes Dina really hard to deal
with. I think that Diana is nerfed a
little bit by the changes this patch,
right? Just again, the level six grubs
were quite good for Diana to fight her
at. Um although, you know, she kind of
in a weird way sort of plays like a mage
in the laning phase, right? Where you're
just spamming your Q, especially at like
level seven or so with four points. So,
in that sense, like if you can chunk
someone out before the 8minute grubs, I
still think she's very valuable. One
thing that I think holds Diana back a
lot is itemization. The big one being
that, you know, items the only really
like good rushable item is Storm Surge,
but Storm Surge itself is a kind of
mediocre item. Items like Shadow Flame
or Lichbane are good, but they've got
very bad build paths. So, I actually
think Dino will be a lot better next
patch when Lichbane build path gets
changed. It's probably the champion that
will benefit from it the most. Also,
potentially Rocket Belt buffs could be
good as a different first item. But for
now, still solid champion, but I'd be
looking forward to next patch as the
true rise of Diana. Ekko is similar to
Diana. I think he has a lot of the same
problems and some different strengths.
So problems being again like itemization
is kind of not great for him. Lichbane
buff will be great because that makes it
so much easier to build that as a first
item. I think that Ekko simultaneously
like gets a lot better in higher elo
because the concepts that you need to do
to play Ekko are actually pretty hard.
You know, things like finding good
flanks and really pressuring the side
lane and knowing how to neutralize your
lane. Those are all kind of higher elo
concepts, but he also gets a little bit
worse in high elo because some of the
biggest counters to eko, so things like,
you know, taking bone plating against
halo of blades echo for example, I think
those only really become like common and
consistent in higher elos. And also
that's kind of when people are starting
to blind pick correctly and so, you
know, becomes a little bit harder to get
high value. So, the way I would see Ekko
is overall pretty good champion for solo
Q, especially as a counterpick to well
just kind of like poor blind picks in
general or to some of the greedier
picks, but he isn't as well-rounded
maybe as some of the other champions
higher up in this list. And while you
can blind Ekko because of his ability to
neutralize, I think you do have to be
careful because you can just be kind of
stuck neutralizing. And even though you
scale well, you only really scale well
if you're ahead in a way because the
thing that gives Ekko good scaling is
the ability to pressure the side lane
and to find flanks. And if you're
neutralized, but you can't actually get
PR in the side lane or if you've
neutralized, but your team is losing and
you can't find flanks, then you don't
actually just like scale by default,
right? Like you're not the sort of
champion that just I don't know like
smolder, right? Hits 225 stacks or
whatever and then at that point it
doesn't matter if your team was ahead or
behind. Uh, so I think yeah, be a little
careful with him. I think is better as a
counterpick. Overall, the Fizzler I
would probably say is either a low B+ or
in the B tier. I'm not totally sure. So,
he like Dina and like Ekko suffers from
Lichbane being a pretty hard item to
build first. Next patch should be quite
a bit better for Fizz with buffs to
either Rocket Belt or Lichbane, which
are kind of going to be your first
items. I think that he also is a tiny
bit metagaped, right? like the Herald or
sorry the grub timing being moved back
is a little bit annoying. Catalyst being
so prevalent makes it a lot harder to
kill people. But I still think he can be
a pretty good counterpick because Fizz
with a ganking jungler and a ganking
support can be super sad. You know, if
you imagine if you're playing against
something like Syndra that can't really
build catalyst very easy and you're
playing something like Fizz, Jarvin,
Leona, you know, absolute nightmare game
for Synindra. Even if she could win the
1 v one, especially in the early levels,
it's not going to be a 1 v one at all
because that kind of ganking combo is so
strong. So I think still a pretty good
champion as a counter pick, but I would
say one tricking Fizz these days is
pretty difficult. Gallio has been on a
bit of a roller coaster lately. So first
off, Gallo started to kind of fall off
in priority because there existed like a
lot of really good AD matchups into
Gallo. So Smolder was the big one that
gets picked a lot, but there's also like
Invest is pretty good, Tristana is
pretty good, Corki is pretty good, and
you know, previously the Gallo AP tank
build, you know, the one where you build
hollow radiance, that was what made
Gallo strong, right? So when you played
against these AD champs, you either had
to build Sunfire, which kind of sucked,
or you had to go the full AP build,
which again kind of sucked. So then Rod
of Ages became really strong, right? And
so that kind of brought Galler way back
up. Rod of Ages meant that if you're
against these 80 champions, super easy
just to go and things were totally fine.
Now with Rorow being nerfed, it probably
is still reasonably good on Gallo or
maybe sitting on catalyst as a tech. I
haven't really tried it. I think you do
want to be careful especially in higher
lows because some of these counterpicks
can be very dangerous and maybe in some
senses it's better to wait a little bit
before you pick gallery. So just what I
mean by that is like okay it's maybe
fine if you play one of these bad
matchups if you have the right champs in
your team. You know, it's a very
different experience playing Gallery
versus something like Corki when you
have like Camille, Jarvin, and Rakan
compared to if you have, I don't know,
like Kane and uh like Casante and I
don't know like Zyra, Ri champions that,
yeah, they could go in situationally,
especially Casante, but it's not the
same kind of crazy engage you would have
before. Basically, I still think Gallo
is a great champion in solo Q and
especially if you're below master, it's
probably just a straight S plus. I do
think as you get higher, counter picks
become a bit harder, but it can still
work very very well if you've seen some
things, whether that's champions on your
team or certain like mobile champions on
their team. Garen is a champion I won't
talk about too much. I still think he's
pretty decent just as a simpletoplay AD
mid option, but I do think there are
betterish champions, right? Like it
feels like if you're willing to invest
time into something, probably you're
going to get more out of a champion like
Ambessa. But the nice thing about Garen
is that if you're just looking for that
really simple to play AD mid laner,
Garren's probably the most viable one,
right? Like he's a little bit easier to
pick than a champion like Pantheon while
still being relatively low on the skill
floor. I do think the Garen skill
ceiling is actually pretty high. So, you
know, if you if you put time into him
like he will be good, but again, if
you're willing to invest time into a
champion, I'd probably go for Ambessa
instead or maybe something like the Yan.
I'll talk pretty briefly about
Heimerdinger as well. So, the thing with
Heimer is that he's honestly just better
in top line. It's kind of the same as
Casio where you're just so good against
the melee mids or like melee champs in
general, but you really suffer into the
longer range. I also think it's kind of
quite a bit easier to hit the top turret
than to hit the mid turret, right? Like
in mid lane, you are very vulnerable to
jungle and support ganks basically all
times. Top lane, you are more gankable
on certain windows, but like those
windows are far less frequent than in
mid. So, you can play hyrid. It's not
terrible, but I would really recommend
playing him top instead. Is in a little
bit of a weird spot. I think overall
he's a pretty good champion, and he is
pretty well-rounded, but I do think
lacking a niche kind of stops him from
going a bit higher. So, I don't think
you could say that Hay is really the
best at anything at the moment. Like,
he's not the best neutralizer, right?
Like that would probably go to Ari. I
don't think he's quite the best
anti-tank or anti-short range. You know,
those kind of go to like Azir and Tia
and stuff. Um, but the nice thing is you
can't really go wrong with Wayi. You can
play him just about all the time. like
he can be played both mid and bot. Uh he
has enough range and enough mobility to
deal with basically anything. So he's
actually probably one of the best
one-trick mages just because again he
has the ability to deal with basically
anything. But yeah, I kind of just don't
see him ever being the like oh like this
is clearly the Hay game, right? Like
we're counterpicking and we just go for
Hay. There are certain matchups like
Swain or something where Hay is very
good against but there are a lot of
counterpicks to these champions, right?
Like you could go something like the
stylish. You could go something like the
Casio. There's a lot of really really
good matchups here. So yeah, basically I
am a big believer of Hi. I do think he
is one of the best one tricks because of
his versatility. And I think the added
bonus of being able to play in bot lane
also goes a really long way if you're
trying to keep your champion pool small.
Aurelia I want to put in the B+. So
Aurelia is a really really good
counterpick to mages, especially
obviously if it's a good AD mid game,
right? Like if you do have something
like Ailia. I think the problem with
Aurelia is that she's such a poor blind
pick because she needs to snowball and
there's many champs that can neutralize
her. And you might be like, okay, well,
just don't blind pick Aurelia. The thing
is, the champion is so difficult that
you almost need to be a one trick to
successfully pull it off. And naturally,
if you're a one trick, you're going to
be blinding a lot of Aurelia. So, I
don't know if you spent a ton of time
learning Aurelia and then you have
another solid blind pick and Aurelia
ends up being a counter, then I actually
think that works really, really well.
But just because again the difficulty is
so high. It's kind of like Casio.
There's such a huge game requirement and
the amount of games you're going to get
a really good game mid are sort of low.
It almost feels like not worth the
investment. But if you put in the
investment then there is a lot of value
to it. So yeah, I don't know. That's
that's kind of a weird one to rate in my
opinion. I think she suffers a little
bit from just there's honestly not that
many good players that play a rally.
What I mean by that is like if you think
of like prolevel midlaners or whatever,
how many are actually good at Aelia,
there's not that many. There's people
like Chovi and Closer, but even they
don't pick it a whole lot despite being
very very solid on it. Jayce, I think,
is an A tier champion in mid. He's one
of the stronger AD mids because you have
like kind of different builds you can go
like if you're in a really difficult
matchup, you can probably just take
Grasp and even DS shield and that can
allow you to neutralize some really
difficult ones like Synra or something.
While also if you're in an easy matchup,
you can go over to Faith Rush, you can
go for the lethari build, and you just
do so much damage, which feels really
good. I'd say probably the biggest
downsides to Jace are, you know, even
though you can make those bad matchups
work, I do think he loses value as a
blind pick. And I also think again
champion difficulty, not just from the
champion itself, but also the play style
of just again I think offering no
utility and no like big skirmishing
strength outside of damage is pretty
hard to pull off in solo Q. So I don't
think I'd put him any higher. But if you
are good at Jace, he's a pretty good mid
laner and he does get prioritized in Hyo
quite a bit. So Karma is a champion that
I think her strength will depend a lot
on how much you value there being kind
of like better options available. So
Karma herself as a champion is pretty
good. She's a flex pick. She's really
strong in lane and she's great in mid
jungle 2v2s. Now I do think the grub
timer being forced back a little bit
does nerf Karma. Like she is kind of the
champion that doesn't scale super well
unless you're playing a shield build,
but the shield builds you can't really
play them mid. you can only really play
them support. And I also think that
Oriana is kind of a better version of
Karma, at least like she scales a lot
better while having similar strength in
the lane, maybe not quite as strong. Um,
and kind of like similar strength when
it comes to like just champion identity
rights. So, because Oriana exists, that
makes me want to put Karma somewhere
down here because I just don't think
she's as valuable when Oriana does
exist. But if you don't really like view
that as like a, you know, like you don't
really care about that, then I think
Karma on her kind of standalone probably
is like it's it's a pretty good champ.
But I really just think that anytime I
would pick Karma, I would just want to
pick Oriana instead. Cassadin to me is
on the weaker side of things. I do think
it's a champion that if you can find a
way to snowball is really, really good.
But I think Cassin has a lot of losing
matchups and the game itself, despite
being slightly slower maybe than last
patch, is still very fast-paced, right?
like there's a lot of things to contest,
there's a lot of invading. And the weird
thing about Cassidin is like in the
past, right? Like it's always been the
case that Cassidin is going to his
teammates are going to suffer basically,
right? Your jungler should be a bit
further behind, maybe your bot lane
should be a bit further behind because
like you don't have prior, but the
payoff has always been all right. Like
Cassin hits late game and then the game
is over. But I actually think the Cassin
payoff is not as big as it used to be.
like it really feels like there's a lot
of champions that scale kind of like not
quite as well as castin but like close
to it without having to really give up
their early game. So I almost feel like
castin is just like not outdated so much
in terms of champion design but outdated
in terms of like there's so many
champions now that both win lane and
scale and so Kassen being a champion
that loses lane and scales just really
really struggles to keep up with like
modern day League of Legends. Like he
just feels kind of power crept. Um now
there are certain matchups that I think
you can play Kassen into. So I do see
people playing Castina into Azir
sometimes and I also see cast into Tia
sometimes. There's probably other
matchups that exist but I think you have
to be very specific about which matchups
you're picking cast into. And again I
think most of the time I tend to see
castins being one tricks which is kind
of weird because the champion itself I
don't think is like super hard. So I
almost feel like it should be part of a
champion pool and I actually think
Kassen as part of a champion pool like
if he is your counterpick champion could
have a lot of value right like if you
get the good match ups for Kassen I
could see him being higher but I think
overall like if you're picking cast
often doesn't seem that good to me.
Katarina I think is somewhere in B+. The
champion itself is quite good in solo
here right like she really thrives in
the chaos. Uh she's a great skirmisher,
actually scales a lot better than people
think, but she is a very very difficult
champion to play. And also her laning
phase is is really really bad and that
that like sucks a lot. Also, I think the
lack of gang set up really hurts as well
because it means that, you know, a lot
of these champions with, you know, bad
lanes have gang set up to make up for
it. So, I don't know. This is a champion
that I think peaks probably somewhere
around like high diamond to master where
like you've gotten good enough at
Katarina that you're absolutely
destroying the games, but you're not
quite in high enough elo to where people
just [ __ ] on you and lame. You know,
I think a champion like Corki for
example, Katarina would just destroy
Corki up until high elos, but like
challenger Corki versus Challenger
Katarina, the Corgi is just going to
destroy the cat. Like I think he's just
going to absolutely run her over in the
laning phase. So yeah, it's a champion
that I think in lower ELOs is maybe not
that good because honestly Katarina is
hard and people are not good at her and
then in the ultra high elos is not that
great because the she's kind of like
champion gapped but maybe in those like
mid elos like yeah maybe like emerald
diamond low master I think Karina is
actually very powerful in these elos um
but yeah outside of that can be a bit on
the weaker side. Kale is a champion that
I think is still kind of weak. So I
played against Desperate Nasis in EU a
couple times which like 1200 LP. Kale
main plays at mid and I think that the
champion's in a very weird spot, right?
Like similar to Cassidin, it feels that
a lot of the time even though Kale kind
of like in theory scales well, the
payoff isn't actually there. And what I
mean by that is like Kale does a
ridiculous amount of damage at late
game, especially if she can do the
damage, right? But if you're outrange,
it can be very hard. Uh, so like for
example, you know, a level 16 KO against
something like, I don't know, like let's
say Taitlin Karma bot lane, you're just
not actually going to get to hit people.
You're just going to get killed before
you kind of get in range. Not to mention
that you have to play in early game
before that. Now, the reason I kind of
mentioned that she's still weak for now
is because next patch, I think Kale's
getting a pretty big buff. So, next
patch AP item changes. Uh there's like a
cheaper Nasher, a cheaper uh death cap,
and also Lichbane build path and the
cost being reduced I think are all buffs
for chaos. So, this is kind of a
champion I would keep an eye on. You
know, being able to hit your spikes a
lot earlier would feel pretty good. But
for now, yeah, again, like Cassidin, I
think just doesn't have the crazy payoff
for how much you have to give up in the
early game to make her a pick. Henan is
definitely one we have to talk about. So
you guys might have heard of Splinter
who is a Kenan main. He recently peaked
rank three in Korea. I think he's
currently sitting at like rank five or
rank four. Super impressive climb and
the majority of it was done with Kenan
mid. So I've kind of always been of the
opinion that Kenan mid is not that good
because it kind of gets [ __ ] on by mages
but then it's really really good against
the melees. But like a lot of champions
you know that counter melees things like
Casio that tends to just happen more in
top lane right because those those
melees don't get blinded as often. But
Splinter has found a way to like make it
work into even these mage matchups,
which is that you can actually just
kill, you can cheese a kill at level
three or level four pretty consistently
with ignite. So if you guys, you might
have seen Dobby's video on it where he
kind of showed the tech and basically
like you'll see he just like flashes on
them and kills them with his like level
three, level four, ignite all in almost
every game. So the ability to really
consistently snowball your matchups,
even if they are bad matchups, you know,
a lot of the time if you can get a kill
that early, that puts you in a super
super good spot. So the way I would see
Kenan is probably somewhere around here.
Like I think he's a pretty strong
champion just because uh one he's a flex
pick and two people kind of like don't
know what to do against it, right? Like
most of the time if you're playing Ken
Mib, that'll probably be your opponent's
first time or maybe second, third time
playing against Ken. and it's unlikely
that they've been cheesed in this
fashion. So, if you can very
consistently start the game with a kill,
maybe you could even see him going
higher. Now, I do think if Kennan
becomes meta, he actually probably would
fall off in value a lot because people
would start to kind of understand like,
okay, this is what Kenon does. I maybe
need to take like bone plating or
something against him. Maybe you even
need to take cleanse against him or
something, right? Like once Kennon mid
gets worked out the counters and stuff,
I think it will lose a lot of value. But
for now, it's probably super super
strong. And especially I would say,
yeah, I especially say if you are
looking to play something that is on the
easier side of champions in terms of uh
I guess like game plan, I think like
this is very valuable. I think the
Kennan Champ itself is like there's got
a little bit of skill to him. Like he's
a very unique champion, I think. And
there are some difficult things like
flanks and stuff, but the nice thing is
like you don't have a ton of skill
shots. Um you don't have a super
difficult combo to pull off. And yeah, I
think he's really really good. Moving
on, we have Leblanc. So, Leblanc
somewhere in the middle of A tier. I
think she's still a pretty good champion
for solo Q, but there's a few things
that hold her back. One is that Ari is
kind of the both better and easier
version of Leblanc. So, you know, a lot
of kind of the mid 2v2 strength and
stuff. You know, things that Leblanc is
known for, Ari kind of does that. Now,
the big thing that LeBlanc has over Ahri
is laning strength, but the laning
strength, and this is the other big
problem, is somewhat neutralized by the
prevalence of catalyst. So people having
all this extra health makes it harder
for them to burst or be bursted. And it
also is much more difficult to poke them
out with your sudden impact scorch spam
because catalyst also has sustain on it.
So a little bit metagapped I think but
also just one of the champs that can
basically never be bad in solo Q as long
as you're good at her. But at the same
time like chances are if you're a good
Leblanc you can also be a very very good
Ahri. And at that point like why not
look to prioritize this instead? But
like I said it is still super super
good. And if you find yourself
counterpicking, maybe Leblanc is better.
Like there are certain champions like
Fizz maybe or Zebed that can be
neutralized with Ari, but you could
actually just straight up beat with
Leblanc. So she's not useless as in
terms of having a niche in the meta.
There are some things that she does
better than Ari, but I think most the
time like you'd look for Ari or even
Aurora maybe over Leblanc. Landre is
another pretty solid champion, but not
quite in the great tiers. So I think the
thing with Landre is that her niche of
you know again being just a great mid
jungle 2v2 champion is kind of covered
by a lot of these champions up here
already you know like the gallery the
Aurora the Ari the thing is she is
probably the better counterpick compared
to some of these champions right like if
you saw something like blind or blind
Leblanc or something Landre can be quite
good and she's also a pretty good
compositional counter so you know if
you're playing against something like Vi
or Noctturn you know Landre can be
really really good against these
compositions especially if they're
paired with an engage support as well
because you know something like Aurora
for example can kind of suffer if
there's like too much threat right like
if there's just threat from everywhere
whereas Landre really has no troubles
dealing with this so I think definitely
not useless but maybe a little specific
in terms of like what her best scenarios
are to be honest I do think Landre is
actually blindable though because she is
a just a really good neutralizer and
also she does have access to either the
rowa build or just sitting on catalyst
so that kind of means that you can
neutralize And a lot of the bad matchups
for Landre, you know, these like longer
range mages and stuff, they are
incredibly gankable. So, at the very
least, you will have some sort of gang
set up to help mitigate that bad
matchup. Lucian, I will only talk about
very briefly. So, there were a lot of
people experimenting with Lucian with
the electrocute buffs before. Mostly now
they've gone back to PTA. You still
don't see it a whole lot. And I think
the only time you really see it in hyo
is when you just absolutely desperately
need an AD mid and maybe you just have a
better match up with Lucian into
whatever they, you know, champ they've
picked over the other ones like Corki or
Trist or whatever. I still feel like
it's much weaker than those those other
examples I gave. So I'm not a huge fan
of it, but it is a champion you can pick
if you really want to. Lulu is a champ I
think actually has a little bit of
potential mid. So, the thing with Lulu
is that she's really good in lane and
she actually is really good with the the
mid jungle 2v2 and her scaling isn't
great on her own, but if she has the
right champs to buff, it can be really
good, right? Like if you can buff a
Kindred or if you can buff a hyper carry
AD or something, it is quite valuable.
And there is also a lot of value to, you
know, taking Lulu early in the draft and
then thinking it's support and that
meaning that either your Spore gets a
better matchup or you end up versing
like one of the blind pick mids. So, I
think that Lulu, her biggest weakness is
that, you know, she is not going to
scale well in the games where you really
need to do damage, right? Like, you're
not going to be able to put out the
numbers. Now, possibly next patch with
Lichbane being easier to build, it might
be that Lulu actually is like a credible
threat. Lulu mid used to be good a
really really long time ago. Um, but I
think for now, it kind of feels like if
you're going to play this still, it
would probably be better to go Oriana.
It feels like you get almost as good
laning strength, almost as good
skirmishing, but then much better
scaling coming from yourself. Lux is a
champion that I've talked about so many
times in this channel and you guys are
probably familiar with by now. I hate
playing against Lux. I think Lux is
super super broken. I think that
especially below master tier, she's
honestly just overpowered. And the
reason, well, there's a few. One I think
is how forgiving and good at
neutralizing she is. So even if you're
like bad at laning or you're even just
bad at Lux, you have the ability to post
sex. You can just ult every other wave
and basically like not interact with
your opponent at all. Also, your Q and
your W are great defensive tools. It's
really really difficult to punish a Lux
that holds these abilities defensively.
Now the thing is if you are good at Lux,
there's actually a lot you can do in the
laning phase. Lux is pretty strong
against any champion that can't really
pressure the lane. Like she just outputs
so much damage and it's very hard to
avoid it. Now there is kind of that
period of time where if your opponent
rushes tier 2 boots, it becomes quite
difficult for Lux to actually kill them.
At that point though, you can just focus
on the wave clear instead. So why aren't
you see Lux more in highos? I think well
I mean honestly I think she is
underrated. Like I I actually think Lux
should be picked more in higher lows,
but probably you would say the reason is
that there do exist some pretty bad
matchups. So things that do have a
combination of, you know, gang set up
plus mobility tend to be quite difficult
for Lux. And again, she really does
suffer into support jungles. And she's
also like not the best skirmisher unless
you have CC from from elsewhere, right?
Like it is hard to, you know, hit your
Kira or whatever because it is
reasonably slow. But if you have CC from
your jungler, then I think follow-up CC
with Lux is like quite easy to land. So,
I think I want to put her somewhere in
the B+, but I almost think that she
should be like higher on the list. Like
I I think the champ is one of the best
champions. Like if your goal was just to
reach master or something like as
quickly as possible. I think Lux might
even be the best pick just because there
is so much forgiveness built into the
champion and she actually has so much
impact despite her long range, right?
Like you can throw out your Q's in the
mid game without really being punished
for them being down. like they're low
enough cool down and your long enough
range that if one of them hits that's
someone dead or chunked and if they
don't like it's fine like you didn't
really commit anything. So yeah, could
maybe be higher, could maybe be lower,
but we'll put her about in the middle
for now. Malahar. Now I'm not really
sure where we want to put Malahar. So
here's the thing in lowerers, Malahar is
extremely broken. So the thing is that
Ma's biggest weakness is being punished
pre-chapter and maybe even pre- first
item, but mainly like pre- chapter. M in
his first few levels is a literal bot.
like there is just nothing you can do.
Your opponent just like out trades you
so heavily and you're going to base at a
really significant deficit and it's
going to be really hard to recover that.
And even though you will get to the
point where you can kind of like clear
the wave, you know, again on chapter, if
you get that too late and you're already
so far behind, it's not really going to
matter. You're just going to get zoned
off the wave instead. So like I said, in
lower elos, super super broken. Now, as
you get higher and higher elo and people
know how to actually pressure the laning
phase properly, so they punish you for
using cool downs, they kill your void
lings immediately. They just force
trades with you knowing that like you
can't win. Like if you guys just fight
with your cool downs up, they just win
most of the time. Mahar and Hyo is like
I would say virtually nonviable. So that
kind of makes me want to put him in the
middle because he's like, you know,
halfway between. I think I'll probably
put him just somewhere in the B tier.
But yeah, I don't know. Like you can
definitely get to say like master with
Malahar. I think going higher than that
like GM and Chiao is is really really
difficult with Mal, but again another
great champion. like if you're just
trying to get to platinum or emerald or
something, an absolutely great champion
for you guys to play. I think I am going
to put him overall in C tier because
probably something has to be there. But,
you know, like really take that with a
grain of salt. I I'm kind of putting
this as like that's objectively in
higher low he is bad. But you'll see at
the top of every one of my lower low
tiers, he is like high up and
potentially there's like some tech you
could do with like going catalyst first
item on Malahar. And if that lets you
neutralize and then accelerate towards
those other items without being so far
behind in CS, maybe that could work. But
then I kind of feel like if you did have
to go catalyst, the payoff of like a two
item Mahar doesn't feel the same as like
the payoff of like a two item of zero or
something. So I don't know. Honestly,
the champion just needs buffs. Um but
again, if your lower elo like definitely
pick him up. He's he's super super good
and allows you to focus on learning the
game, right? Like one of the good things
about Mal is he is simple enough that
you can focus on the fundamentals and
like that might accelerate your learning
and if you get like better at mid lane
itself you're going to climb a lot. So
for our next one we have Mel. Now Mel's
actually changed a lot pretty recently.
So there's a few things that have kind
of been discovered. First off is that a
lot of people are playing this EMAC Mel
build. So the nice thing about Emac Mel
is that it's much much better in
skirmishes which allows you to be like
more useful earlier. It also costs less
mana. So, like you aren't so restricted
by your mana costs in the laning phase.
Now, I do think that you probably can't
do this in literally every matchup.
Like, if you're laning against something
super long range, maybe you don't get
any value out of E and you might have to
go Q instead or maybe you go like three
points Q and then you go EMAC or
something. I'm not totally sure on that,
but basically EMAC I think should be
your default on Mel now. Like, it feels
like it's very very good. The other
thing that's been discovered about Mel
is that she's actually a really really
good answer into Azir. So Azir in
especially in the mid game really
suffers against longer range champs
because like Azir um can be poked out
before fights and he doesn't really have
any sustain or anything and he kind of
has to you know stand still to auto
attack which allows longrange poking
champs to really get some damage onto
him. So in the past that's when people
would try and play things like Zerath
into Azir but the problem with that is
that they're very gankable right even
though Zerath has quite long range you
know Azir ganks up one of the best and
that allows you to really punish that.
The thing with Mel though is that if you
guys know, Yasor's W actually blocks
Azeroth. Like he doesn't get shoved or
anything. And Mel's Ws the same way. It
basically just functions as a wind wall.
So if Azir ults Mel, she doesn't get
pushed and she doesn't take any damage,
which kind of gives Mel a niche as being
like an artillery mage that therefore
counters Azir, but is also ungankable,
which feels really, really good. So I've
seen a lot of people playing Mel into
Azir. I've also just seen a lot of just
Mel in general. Um, there's been a lot
of people experimenting with in Hyo. And
she's also a very popular bot laner.
Like you guys might have seen Cubic very
high rank on Korea right now. I think
most played as Melbot or with Emacs. So
definitely a champion worth looking into
if you like playing Mel. I'll probably
make a guide on her soon, but I think
she's now pretty pretty good in the
meta. One bonus thing I actually forgot
to add is that Mel is actually pretty
good against Zoe and TF as well. So TF
doesn't get played a whole lot, but
there is quite a bit of Zoe being
played. And so Mel being a counterpick
to, you know, Azir being a meta pick and
Zoe being a metap pick and like a kind
of soft counter to some of the other
ones, you know, like maybe you'd say
it's good versus Ari and stuff. There is
that value there, too. So, I just
thought I'd mention that while I
remember. It feels like Nefiri's main
strength is in the jungle these days,
but I still think she is a pretty good
mid laner. I want to either say that
she's near the bottom of A tier or maybe
the top of B. So, I think that the the
downside, I guess, with Nefari mid is
that she can struggle into some of the
phase rush mids or, you know, things
like AI that can poke you out really
consistently and then you have a hard
time actually getting on them. Now,
there are kind of ways that you can like
use your W in these matchups to well
avoid a lot of damage, right? Like I've
seen, for example, you can fury W Cindra
alt or or alt or whatever, and that can
make these a little more playable. You
also do have the ability to farm from
range. You can start dshield if you
really need to. So, I don't know. I
think this is another one where if
you're below master tier is probably
like an A or maybe even an A+ just
because as a simple to play AD mid,
there's a lot of value in that. But I
think she kind of suffers in high elo
against some of the, you know, harder
lane matchups and she definitely is
better in jungle. That being said,
because she is better in jungle, the
flex pick potential does get a lot of
value. Like most of the time, if you
lock Nefari, people will not be thinking
it's mid and maybe that can help you get
a better matchup. I'll probably leave it
here for now, but there is a strong
argument for moving it somewhere else.
Nico, I would say, was nerfed quite a
bit this patch. I think I'll put her
somewhere around here, maybe. So, the
thing is that Nico with the grubs being
nerfed is definitely, you know, not
ideal. Like, she really wanted that
level six fight. I think also Nico
really sucks like with itemization right
now. Like the the two items you could go
really being like I don't know like
Rockabel, Storm Surge, I guess. Um, also
the Lichbane like all of those kind of
suck right now. Now, next patch with
Rockabel and Lichbane both being buffed.
I think Nico could be in a pretty good
spot. But for now, it feels like Aurora
is just the better version of Nico. She
has much better atmization and also
scales quite a bit better. Uh Nico still
has a niche of being she's a very very
powerful laner. And again, I guess value
in terms of people might think of
support, right? Like support Nico is
pretty pretty popular, I think. And
jungle Nico can be played as well. So,
it's not guaranteed that we're going to
go mid. Maybe that can help you, but for
now, I think Aurora is still better, but
keep an eye on her. I think next patch
Nico could be pretty good. Oriana I want
to definitely put in the A+ tier. So I
think Oriana is one of the most
underrated mids at the moment. She just
got a pretty significant buff and I
think that she's really really good with
the meta jungles. She's pretty good with
the meta supports as well which is quite
good. And she has a lot of good matchups
into other things here. So at least in
the 1 v one Ori is winning matchups
against like almost everything else
here. So she's good against like you
know Ahri, Aurora as etc. Now she is
gankable. A lot of people are just
running phase rush AI every game now
which kind of helps make up for that.
But there are certain combinations which
will be hard to survive. But it is a
champion that is seeing more and more
play. And I honestly think even before
the buff was pretty powerful. So it's a
champion that if you like playing AI
before um definitely worth having a look
at now. Something I recommend doing is
just going for maybe only two points W.
I think three points W feels like not
even previously like before the buff I
wasn't super sold on anymore. Feels like
if you get more points in Q earlier does
feel quite valuable. But at level three,
having, you know, QWW, I think, feels
really powerful. Like that level three
spike is really good. And then you can
just kind of coast into your Q max from
there. Pantheon, I think, is okay, but
kind of on the weaker side. So, the
thing is, it feels like he's mainly a
counterpick to melee mids, but there's
so many other better counterpicks to ad
mids. You know, things like the Ambessa,
and the only thing Pantheon really has
going for him is that he's a bit easier
to pick up. Now, there is still kind of
like skill ceiling to Pantheon about
knowing like mainly how to use your alt.
Like I think that one of the biggest
difference I see between like good and
great Pantheons is the ulti usage. So
there's a lot of skill there, but I do
think that if you're going to put a lot
of time into Pantheon, I'd prefer you
put more time into something else. Maybe
if you need a really simple 80 mid to
play, it's something you could look for,
but really not something I would
recommend overall. Now for Kiana, I am
really not a fan of Kiana. So I think
Kiana, you know, again, it kind of feels
like something like Katarina, where it's
a sort of champion that has like a super
weak laning phase, but to make up for
it, has great skirmishing, kind of like
run around the map and get fed. I think
one of the biggest problems with Kiana
is that because she uses mana, she is
more punished by going dor shield than
like a champion like Katarina, right?
Um, also I think the grubs being pushed
back a little bit make life pretty
difficult for her. And I also think her
gang setup is a little less reliable
than some of these other assassins like
the Fizz or something. So, I think Kiana
is a champion in need of buffs. I think
I'd like to see her laning phase brought
up a little bit and then maybe her
snowballing potential brought down a
little bit to kind of make up for that.
Now, maybe people wouldn't like that
because it's sort of like homogenizing
the assassins. So, I could see why
people don't like it. Uh, but I think
she is one of the weaker AD assassins
just because again, she just kind of
gets shown on lane too hard and it makes
it really difficult to get into the
skirmishing stage of the game being in a
good position. Quinn is another champion
that I think just got mega nerfed by
these symbic souls. I'm not sure if she
quite falls to the B tier because I
think she is still a champion that has a
lot of pressure in the laning phase and
can still probably impact the map a lot.
And I think she's not as impacted by the
the recall thing because at least she
can get back to lane pretty quickly,
whereas some of those other champs were
really reliant on that extra time that
the recall gave you to get back to lane
in time. Whereas I feel like Quinn
probably had a lot of time left over.
But she really really did like the
boots. And again, I haven't seen Quinn
on the new patch, so I'm not 100% sure,
but my guess is that she is
significantly weakened, but still a
pretty good solo Q pick. Rise. So, I
think Rise is somewhere in the A tier.
I'm not quite sure where I want to put
him. So, especially in high reloads, I
think Rise is very powerful because he,
you know, has some of the best like push
and move of like any of the mid laners
and also he has access to this very
early as well as having some
point-and-click gank setup. So, he's
really really powerful when com combined
with certain junglers. things like maybe
Zenzou or Leen or you know things that
don't have just like immediately
reliable CC to where he can bring the CC
and then they bring the follow-up I
think is really really good. Now the
biggest weakness of Rise is that there
are some matchups that are really really
hard. So things like Hay or Tia or like
a Nivea you know these things that just
make team fights and skirmishing and
stuff so so hard that can be really
annoying. But I think as long as you're
not against one of these things as Rise,
you have the ability to snowball the
game really hard and then play for like
a big split push win condition. Rise is
pretty difficult. The champion is not
super easy and also he's a really shitty
team fighter unless you're very ahead.
So I think most players since they won't
make use out of his early game and
probably won't be like playing to split
push too much that be like grouping and
fighting I think definitely like lacks a
little bit in this area. But there is a
lot of potential to him and if you pick
him in the right spots or more I guess
if you don't pick him in the wrong spots
like if you don't end up versus those
really difficult outranging CC champs I
think he is pretty good. It's definitely
a champion you should keep an eye on. Is
a little nerfed I guess this patch by
the rower change but I still think he is
pretty damn strong. When I make these
tier lists I never really know where to
put Saraphim because I think it's a
champion that in certain games like
especially if the enemy team has a low
amount of damage in general I think
she's really valuable. like she's kind
of like a greedier version of Oriana in
a way in the sense that like Saraphene's
laning phase is pretty poor, but she is
so so good as like an AoE shield or
almost like a Saraka but with shielding
where if the enemy team does not have
the ability to burst and they kind of
just yeah again have low damage overall.
The ability to just keep your entire
team alive in any sort of skirmish or
anything is really really valuable. So I
guess the way I would see it is that
like if you're a Saraphene mid one trick
overall she's probably not that valuable
but I think potentially like Saraphene
is a despite having a high skill ceiling
not super hard to pick up and play and I
think just as like a random champ to
have in your pool and to sometimes play
if you see the enemy team is really
lacking damage. I think she might even
have like S or A tier games where it's
just a really really good Saraphene
angle. So, if you like playing
Saraphene, might be something worth
thinking about. Just like, you know,
take a look at the team comps. Maybe
every now and then you see it's time to
pick it. But do be careful because if
it's not one of those games, she is
easily outscaled by the actual scaling
midsiz, you know, things like Azir or
Victor or whatever. And her laning phase
can also be punished pretty hard. She
doesn't have the same level of
neutralization as something like Lux,
nor the laning strength to be an
aggressor herself, something like
Oriana. Now, we have Smolder. So,
Smoldder is a champion that I get hate
for every single time I put it on my
tier list. So, I'll explain the
strengths and weaknesses of Smolder. So,
the strength of Smolder is that he is
very, very, very strong into one of the
premier meta picks. Smolder is a really
good counter to Gallier. And you'll see
a lot of the time in Hyo, like if you
look at, you know, pro players match or
whatever, they will have a random game
of Smolder versus Galler because it's
just such a good matchup. Now, the
problem is that outside of this matchup,
the only really really good like just
slam dunk, you know, amazing smaller
game is probably Malahar. Um, that's
another really good one. But Malahar
blind pick, especially in high elos, is
not especially common, right? Like
actually it just virtually never
happens. Um, but I find that in lower
elos blind pick Mahar is pretty common.
Now, the thing is Smolder is a really
really hard champion to play.
Mechanically, not super hard, but like
you've got to be incredibly selfish.
you've got to put a lot of impact on the
laning phase because you've got to make
sure that Malahar isn't allowed to scale
for free. You've got to make sure that
Gallo isn't allowed to get to skirmishes
and stuff. So, it's the kind of champion
where like again I think if you're not
master plus there's probably no point
even thinking about Smolder. I guess if
you wanted to make him your Mahar
counter pick you probably could um
because that matchup is like really
really free and it is I guess like
simpler to play than the Gallo one. So,
I don't know. Like I said, if you're
going to be like a smaller one trick or
whatever, champ is probably Ctier. It's
really not meant to be a one trick. It's
like exclusively a counter pick. Um I
think he has a lot of value in the meta
just because he is good against Galler.
Um but I will put him lower here. Maybe
I'll put him alongside Cast and Kale. Um
because again, if you're going to pick
him all the time, you got to be Well,
no, I'll put him here. I think you've
got to be really certain that you're
going to be able to keep the enemy mid
from impacting the map and like buy time
for yourself to scale. You know, like if
you ever fall behind, you're going to be
useless. If your team falls too far
behind, if you get 225 stacks at a
reasonable time, you can probably still
carry, but if you don't, it can be hard.
So, yeah, I guess a champion to be very
careful with, has a very strong upside
in certain picks, but really easy to get
the downside of as well. Swain is
something that I want to put probably in
the B+. So, first off, if you're in
lower ELOs, I think Swain is instantly
an S. I think that while there are some
like neat tricks and stuff to Swain,
overall the skill floor of the champion
is is pretty low, the ease of execution
is definitely there. and one of the best
champions for climbing out of low elo.
Now, as you get higher rank with Swain,
the matchups start to become pretty
hard. So, there's things that can like
really hard CC you in fights, you know,
stuff like the Anivia. Um there's
champions that just like out DPS you in
the extended fights like things like
Casio, Aurelia, Silus with your alt, you
know, other kind of champs like um you
know, Hay can be really annoying or with
phase rush. So, I think there's a lot of
counters to Swain, but if you pick Swain
in a good matchup in high elo, or not
even so much a good matchup, but like a
good composition, again, a a composition
that really lacks burst damage to where
you can just keep healing. The more
melees, the more short range, the
better. I think he's very, very
valuable. Like, he's one of the most
valuable counter picks, I think. But, he
is hard to pick as you get into higher
elos. But again, for most of you
watching this list, he's got to be at
least an A because, you know, you're not
going to get punished in lane. And
chances are people play less range
champions I find in lower re lows. Uh
you know there's less just like random
double range bots and less range tops
and stuff. So that gives a lot of value
to this lane pick. Silus I think should
be an A+. So the thing is Silus again
just really good solo Q champ. Really
just loves fighting all the time. He has
really good gank setup. So even in some
of those more difficult matchups there
is always the chance that you get a gank
off and then you're in a really good
spot. Now, the thing is I would still
kind of recommend against blinding Silus
because he really does need a snowball
to be useful and he either needs like a
good matchup or to do that or a ganking
support and jungle or really good als.
So, if you can have one of those, I
think you can go ahead and pick him.
There are some pretty annoying matchups
for you. So, things like Zoey and Rise
are both pretty hard. Now, those aren't
super common, honestly. Like, even in
high elo, the number of players that are
really good at Zoe and Rise are like
pretty small. and in lower elos
especially like I don't think you're
going to see those champions at all. So
I think it's a champion that as part of
a pool is pretty good but I would
probably recommend against one tricking
silos. Like I said you don't necessarily
need to counter your matchup but you
need you need something going for you.
Again the good matchup the alts or like
a team that can help you get through
that difficult laning phase. Synindra is
another champion that I want to put in
the A+ where exactly probably depends
what you value. So the good thing with
Synindra, you know, really good scaling,
really good laning phase, you know,
great skirmishing, everything, but she
has one big weakness, which that she's a
very, very immobile champion. And also,
she doesn't really have like great tools
to build in order to help survive. So,
she's really not a good catalyst or row
user. Um, the most defensive thing you
could do is going for something like
Serif Leandry. That's what I tend to do
in a champs like Akali. But the downside
of it is that, you know, you're not
getting a whole lot of haste. I guess
you can go serif cosmic but then you
don't get like the blackfire burn
synergizing with the cosmic movement
speed which feels kind of bad. So, you
do need to be a little careful. Like,
she is an okay blind pick just because
the champion is pretty strong, but I do
think she is better served as a
counterpick, right? I think you want to
avoid those really threatening
situations. If you can get away with a
Cinder though, she's extremely strong.
And I actually think one of the best
champions for climbing in general, I
think really only starts to fall off at
like the very high elos because again,
the chance of getting ganked by the
jungle, you know, mid ganks up and
support all the time becomes really
difficult. But yeah, especially up until
like GM or something, got to be one of
the best champs in the game, maybe falls
off of the ultra high elo, but honestly,
not really worth thinking about for this
tier list. She's going to be extremely
strong somewhere up here. Whether you
value over Cinder or AI, kind of
depends, I guess, like what champs you
have on your team, but they're both
very, very solid. Tia has been one of
the absolute top tier mids in solo cube
for a while now, and that's for a few
reasons. So, one, she's one of the best
picks into Ahri, and so like if Ahri
does come out, then like SA being an
answer to that is really good. She's
honestly just like really really good
into anything that like she doesn't get
super hard punished by. Like she's a
champion that scales so well. She's
great into so many different
compositions. She does suck against
really long range which can be annoying.
Uh and not just in mid, but like again
compositionally like if they have
something like Caitlin Luxbar that's
really really annoying for Tia. Now Tia
does have bad matchups, but I think the
ability to I think these days you would
want to just sit on catalyst. So
probably what I would go is like if
you're in a really hard like matchup
like Orier or Synindra or if you're
against an assassin I'd go tier catalyst
Sarah Leandry I think would be my build
and just build like death cap and stuff
from there and I think that's going to
allow you to survive basically anything.
Now I did move Tia down from S to A from
my previous chillers. I think the reason
for that is cuz it feels like a lot of
Tia's counters are you know kind of
getting a bit better. So like Ori got
buffed or is really good versus I think
Zoe also being buffed previously. Zoe's
a pretty good answer to Tia as well.
Also, Zerath is another one that's quite
good. So, that one I'm less sold on
because you can go catalyst against
Zerath, which is good, but also there's
the argument of like, well, if Zerath
made you go catalyst, maybe he's happy
with that, right? Like, he doesn't just
have to hit you in team fights. Uh, and
he probably still has a pretty
significant amount of time, right? Like
1,700 gold of tier and catalyst required
before you're like kind of invincible to
Zerath. So, that's a pretty long period
of time. So, maybe there's an argument
for that. Um, but I think definitely Ori
and definitely Zoe are pretty solid into
the Tia. Talon definitely on the weaker
side of mid laners, probably somewhere
around here. So, the thing I really
don't like about Talon is that, you
know, similar to something like the
Kiana is his laning phase is just like
very very weak. He's so punishable and
he honestly just like doesn't scale that
well unless he's really farmed. Now, if
Talon does manage to get ahead, he farms
extremely quickly and can just like
absolutely 1v9 a game. He's probably one
of the best champions for smurfing, but
I do think that in higher lows, you're
going to get punished in lane. It's
going to be really, really tough. And I
think another big kind of negative is
that he's so much better in jungle. Like
Talon jungle currently very very
overtuned. You basically get all the
good parts of Talon, but you skip the
laning phase, which is super super nice.
So I'd encourage anyone that plays Talon
mid to think about playing Talon jungle.
It's, you know, so much easier and so
much more broken. Moving on, we have
Tristana. So, kind of similar to Corki
that I talked about earlier, Tristana is
a champion that gets prioritized a lot
in higher elos because the amount of
especially like blindable AD mids are
that's a pretty short list of champs and
so having a blindable AD mid that
scales, has mobility is really really
valuable. Now, the problem with Tristana
is she has some pretty tough matchups.
So, things like Cindra can be pretty
tough and you really need to make sure
that you well you're a really good
player to be honest to play these
matchups. Like you're gonna have to
dodge a lot of skill shots. you're going
to have to take some risks like kind of
W into them and try and you know like a
common one I see is W into H way and try
and dodge that EQ. You're somewhat like
it's a skill check and I do think it
definitely favors the Hi for ease of
execution and it's also just a difficult
play style to pull off, right? Like like
I said all the things about Corki, you
have to make sure that you're 10 CSPM.
You have to make sure that you're
snowballing at least in terms of CS,
right? Like you should be up CS probably
up a few plates and you've just got to
play that like difficult AD carry play
style. So, for most of you on this list,
I would say Tristana is pretty low.
Probably, you know, somewhere down here.
But for master plus players, I do think
Tristana is pretty solid. It's just it's
difficult. There's a lot of like it's
definitely worth watching some VODs for
uh not an easy play style and probably
relying on you being like a pretty
strong mid laner in general. And you're
only really looking to do this if you
already have like heavy AP on your team
and you're kind of locked out of picking
an AP champion. Bisted Fate, I think
somewhere in B+. Not really sure where.
I kind of want to put him like
maybe here or something. I'm not sure.
Okay, so here's the thing with TF.
There's a lot of champions that kind of
do this like push and roam style a lot
better than TF in my opinion. So there's
things like, you know, the Ahri or the
Aurora or the Gallo. And in my mind,
like these champions are just so much
more impactful overall like in the in
the team fights, the skirmishes and
stuff that to me TF doesn't really feel
that worth it. Now, that's not to say TF
is like a bad champion. It's just that
there are like better options available
and if you're good at TF, you can
definitely make him work. But I think
that like the laning phase is pretty
weak. It doesn't even feel like your
skirmishes and stuff are that strong. I
don't know. Yeah, there's a lot of
difficult matchups in the meta. I'd
probably put him somewhere around here.
Like he's never going to be bad in solo
Q because, you know, the ability to have
like good gank set up and pressure the
lanes and stuff is really solid, but I
just think there are so many better
options available and a lot of them are
easier to play than TF as well. Vagar.
So Vagar is a champion that I've put
dead last in my tier list a lot lately.
And so there's been a few reasons for
that. Like one, I think Vaggar scaling
is kind of fake. So I think that even
though again Vaggar like damage wise
scales really well, a lot of the time
he's too short range to actually deal
that damage to relevant targets. Now if
you're using Vagar as a counterpick to
short-range compositions, I think that
can work pretty well. But what I've
always kind of felt is that you have to
build a lot more defensively compared to
something like a Tia in order to
actually survive your lane because Vagar
overall is just well he's not that good
in lane. Now I might move Vagar up to
here and the reason would be that I
think if you can just go the catalyst
right because now catalyst is so strong
but not actually build it into rower you
can still get your items pretty quick
and so I'm not sure exactly what the
build would be. I'm guessing it's like,
you know, tier catalyst, Sarah, death
cap, or maybe it's like just catalyst
and then something that gives CDR. So, I
guess currently it would be cosmic,
maybe next patch it would be horizon and
then death cap. So, I think, you know,
you still want to get deathcap early,
but you also want the way to neutralize
the landing phase. I could maybe see the
Vagar going up in value. I don't want to
say he's going to be like a super OP
champ or whatever. Um, but I could I
could see it being decent. So, keep an
eye on it. If you're a Vagar main, now
could be the time. Velcos is similar to
Vagar, another champion that I always
put very, very low on my tier list. So,
the reason I always put Velcos low is a
few things like one, velcros is actually
really good into a select few champions
and a lot of them actually are kind of
meta. So, like Velkos is really, really
good against way and I actually think
he's quite good against AI as well. So,
against these mages that you outrange
and you can punish, there is, you know,
there's value in that. Now, the reason I
kind of don't like him is because it
feels like if you are countering these
champions, there's probably like better
picks you could go for, right? something
like a Synindra is I think scales better
than Vaggar or sorry than Velkos and is
probably easier to play as well. One of
my big problems with Velcos is I think
the champion is so difficult like
potentially one of the hardest champions
in the entire game and it doesn't really
feel like the payoff for that level of
skill really exists, right? Like I I
don't think that even the best Belos mid
players in the world are like
particularly stronger than you know the
meta champs. So, I think just because he
does have good matchups into some of the
meta, I kind of want to put him in B
tier, but like I said, I think for most
of you looking at this, Velcos is really
just not that good. Like, it's it's not
worth investing time into in my opinion.
Now, if you really love playing the
champ, then [ __ ] it, right? The game is
meant to be fun. So, you know, go and
play it. I would say that there are
champions on this list that have, you
know, much better scaling, are much
easier to play, and have many more good
matchups that are much worth or yeah,
they're much more worth your time. Vex,
I'm a little torn on. I kind of want to
put Vex just like very middle of the
pack. So, and Lori Low's Vex is great.
She's one of the easier champs to play.
I think for a lot of you, especially if
you're platinum and below, probably an S
tier champion for you guys just because
it's not super hard to pull off. Um, but
I think in hieros it kind of just feels
like there are again like other things
that are sort of more valuable, right?
Like one of the biggest weaknesses of uh
Vex at the moment is that her her items
kind of suck. Like Luden's overall is
like not that great an item. Um, Shadow
Flame is, you know, solid, but it's
pretty hard to build. Uh, Storm Surge, I
think, kind of sucks. And also, she sort
of suffers from being a champion that
like really needs to go in. So, like
somewhat incentivized to go Zna, but by
going Za, you just don't have enough
damage. whereas a champion like Aurora
has the ability to deal the damage
without having to itemize defensively.
And I think that's something that really
holds Vex back. So, it's a champion that
I see some people having success on an
high alert and potentially if more good
players played Vex, maybe the champion's
a little underrated. Like, I kind of
think she's a little underrated, but I
also think that her niche is sort of
dominated by other champions. And so,
the main thing she has going for her is
that ease of execution. And it feels
like if you're a good Aurora or
something or maybe even a good Lebla, it
would just be better to play something
else instead. So, I don't know, maybe
it's rated a little low, kind of depends
on your ELO, I think. I don't know,
maybe next patch like with Luden's
getting buffed, you know, maybe it could
be good. I'm not sure. Now, Victor, I
think you would have to say that Victor
is like a little bit better than the
previous patch. And the reason is that,
you know, that grub timing being moved
back a little bit means that Victor has
a little more time to scale, which is
nice. Now I also think that potentially
well okay previous patch I think rower
was being overbuilt a lot. I think
catalyst again very good not a huge fan
of rower itself. Um, you know, again, if
you're in those like really bad
matchups, of which there are not many
for Victor or if like there are really
low damage, I think then the full rower
could have been good. But I think for
the most part, like catalyst was the
juice. And I think maybe now going
something like literally just catalyst
Blackfire Leandry or maybe just Catalyst
Leandry could even be good as long as
you're getting your haste from other
sources. And like I said, like with the
grub summit being pushed back, the
scaling champs kind of like gain a
little more value. I'm not sure if I
want to put him quite up here because
feel like he just doesn't quite have the
same payoff as some of the champs up
here just in the sense of like he is
really really strong one v one but he's
so terrible at skirmishing for so long
and while he does scale well like one of
the best scaling mids in the game feels
like it takes a pretty long time to get
there but again maybe it's quicker now
like if you can just go catalyst Leandry
and you get you know put online a little
bit earlier maybe that's kind of good or
or catalyst blackfire might be better
like maybe you really need the haze um
so I'm not sure I kind of want to put
him like somewhere around here. Maybe
argument for going a little bit higher.
You'll have to kind of see. Vlad I am
overall not really a fan of. I think I
want to put him like somewhere in here.
So, the thing with Vladimir is I feel
like his laning phase is it's pretty
bad. Like his 1 v one is good, but the
problem is like you get pushed in for a
long time and that makes life really
difficult for your jungler. Now, the I
guess the nice thing about this patch is
that like that one grub fight being at 8
minutes, like if you have your summons
for that, you are very strong, right?
Like you don't need to take the other
fights, but just that one fight that you
know is going to happen, you you
actually do kind of dominate that. And
you could maybe argue that, you know, as
a scaling champion, he does like this
patch like a little bit better than
before. I'm still not sold that this
champ is great. And I think part of it
is it feels like there's no like really
good item build for Vlad. You know, like
again, Storm Surge feels pretty mediocre
and like the CDR builds, you know,
people rush Cosmic. Again, doesn't feel
like it's that great. So, I think I
don't know. To me, I have not versed
like a really threatening Vladimir in a
really long time. Now, potentially while
I'm in Korea, like maybe I'll end up
seeing that, but it just feels like
every Vladverse, you know, ends up kind
of being like a bit weak in the laning
phase and then never really hits that
like gig juice spike where they just
like run over the entire team. I think
potentially outside of higher elo where
the game is a little slower, Vlad, you
know, could maybe be a little more
valuable, like maybe going up here. And
yeah, other than that, I don't know,
maybe around here. I think he's not bad,
but he's not great. Basically, Zerath is
a champion I've actually played quite a
bit of lately, and I think he should
make it into A tier. Now, I'm not quite
sure exactly where in the A tier he
should go, but I do think he's got some
like, well, he's just a solid champion.
The biggest thing I think holding back
Zerav now is the prevalence of catalyst
still. I think it is quite hard to, you
know, make a lot of progress into
someone that has catalyst. But honestly,
like maybe if you think you're against a
catalyst user, maybe you just go for
scaling instead. You take like Gathering
Storm instead of Scorch and you just,
you know, play for that scaling build. I
think that could be the play. Uh it's a
champion that honestly is really strong
in lane. I think scales pretty well,
especially in the comps with like lower
movement speed or that have like no
sustain on like their AD carrier mid.
You know, like if you're playing Zarath
into something like a Yum, even if you
land the poke, he's probably going to
life steal out before the fight starts.
Um but, you know, if that damage
actually sticks onto targets again
without sustain, it's really valuable.
you do have to be kind of careful
because there are some matchups where
they have so much movement speed or they
can just like run tier two boots and
kind of just like run around your
abilities. But if you're against
something that doesn't really have the
ability to pressure aggressively but
also doesn't have a great way of like
you know itemizing catalyst again like
Azir is kind of a good example. As long
as you think you won't get ganked, it's
pretty good. But if you're against some
like really threatening gank composition
or if you yourself are just like not
very good at respecting the gank
windows, then you do lose a lot of value
there. But I think it's an underrated
champ in general. I I've been really
liking the Zerith lately. Yasu is
another one that I actually get hate for
my placement all the time. So there's
kind of a few good things and a few bad
things about Yasu. First off, I think
Yaso paired with the right champions. So
paired with like Diana or paired with Re
or Gragas is another one is really
really solid. I think that you know his
biggest weakness as a champion is that
his team fighting is very lackluster.
But paired with the right champions, his
team fighting is actually quite strong.
I think if you get paired with one of
those, I'd probably say he's at least an
A, potentially even an A plus champion.
I think another downside of Yaso is that
in mid, there's a lot of matchups that
you can like win and get prior. But the
problem is that because your team
fighting is so weak, you're really
relying on just like destroying your
lane or destroying the side lane because
you're not going to be looking to team
fight a whole lot. So, you need to make
sure you have this like massive 1v one
lead again, either in the early game or
the mid game. And there aren't that many
champs that you can successfully like
dive or like really consistently push
out of lane. Now, I do think there is a
lot of value in Yaso because he is quite
good against Ari. So, you see a lot in
high elo some of the pro midlaners
picking Yasuo into AI. Now, the problem
is that like how many midlaners have
Yaso as part of their pool? Not many,
right? Like chances are if you're a Yaso
player, you're like a Yaso one trick or
potentially like a Yaso Yong two trick,
right? So, the amount of good matchups
that you're going to have mid, like
you're probably going to be blind
picking gas a lot and then playing these
like really hard matchups, right? Things
like Akali that can, you know, like make
life really miserable for you or like
Landre with her CC or like Leblanc, you
know, Annie, there's like a lot of like
really annoying champs for you. So, I
think in his good situations basically,
I think I think Yaso is great, but I
think the good situations for Yaso are
actually like pretty rare. Um, and I
have not played against a Yasu that's
felt really threatening, at least, you
know, I've been in the US for three
months. Didn't really play against any
like midy yaso where I didn't feel like
I had like a matchup or something to
deal with it. Now, that being said, last
time I was in Korea, uh, I really
struggled playing Ariasu. Like Korea had
so many, you know, players that did play
Yaso as part of their pool. Like again,
they weren't one trick, so I didn't end
up like being the counterpicker, but I
would blind pick Ara and then I'd get
met by like some random dude playing
Yaso, which I think is really annoying.
So, I think I'll put him like somewhere
here. Overall, I still think he is like
not a great solo key champion just
because there's specific situations and
matchups are pretty rare, but if you're
really good at Yaser, you have the right
champs around you and you have the right
matchup, the champ in its situations is
extremely extremely good. Yon is another
champion that I think people hyperfixate
on his win rate and just assume that
he's like the super weak champion. I
think Yon is really, really broken. I
think he is one of the more pickable AD
mids and he's got a lot of stuff going
for him. Now I will say I think Yon is a
very very high elo skewed champion. I
actually think that Yon is way harder
than people think for a re a few
reasons. So first off Yon laning phase
just by default is not particularly
good. The main way that Yon kind of like
gets value in the lane is one he's got
very good gank set up and two he's got
very good sustain. You're really looking
to outsustain your opponent and kind of
like force them to base from lacking
mana. Now that's a lot harder to do if
you're not very good at dodging skill
shots or if you're paying on or if
you're playing on high ping. I think
that Yon on like, you know, low ping,
like if you're playing in Korea again,
for example, like a five ping Yon is so
different than like a 30 or 40 ping Yon,
like completely different champion. So,
honestly, for the majority of you
watching this, Yon probably is kind of
weak. Uh, it's a champion that you've
got to be very, very good at, you know,
sidelaning on. You've got to be super
good at like avoiding, you know, fights
early before you're super strong. Making
sure you're getting like your shield or
your stride breaker before you join
those really big fights. Knowing how to
macro the sideline and stuff, it's quite
hard. as well as how to kind of get
through these matchups in the early
game. And I think that yeah, just a lot
of people can't do that. But I do think
Yon and Hyo, if you're good at him, is
is super super strong. He's played in,
you know, by high level midlaners in pro
play or in solo Q all the time. Not sure
exactly where to put him. I kind of,
like I said, I think for most of you,
he's probably going to be like here or
maybe here. Um, I kind of feel like I
can't put him lower than A+ cuz I I do
just think the champ is super broken.
But I will move him along a little bit.
I think most of you will find,
especially these champions here, to be
much much easier. Zed, I think, is
another criminally underrated champion
that is a little bit gapped by the meta.
So, the thing with Zed is that it's
really, really hard to kill your laner
as Zed because again, Catalyst is so
strong. The thing is though, like Zed
scales a lot better than, you know,
people give him credit for, and I
actually think that the main strength of
Zed is just getting your Eclipse super
fast and then like fighting as much as
possible on that spike. So by far the
most threatening zeds that I've vers are
the ones that actually just take first
strike and just like rush Eclipse as
quickly as possible. So it's really
tempting to go electrocute because
electrocute is really good. Like the
amount of damage it does is great. But
in a lot of ways, especially in the
laning phase, the damage number feels a
bit fake because unless you can actually
kill them or actually force them out of
lane, the damage didn't really make a
difference. And I think with how common
catalyst is, it's actually quite hard to
score those kills or like really force
them into bad bases. You know, I've had
so many times of playing, you know, like
Ari versus Zed or um what's another one?
What what else have I played against
Zed? Like, you know, maybe Azir versus
Zed where you can just like rush health,
whether that's catalyst or, you know,
Azir's case going like grasp and Leandry
and it just feels too hard for Zed to
actually do something. But when they do
go for that eclipse build and they start
either long sword refillable or D shield
if it's hard um with the first strike,
they get their Eclipse so early and then
they're so strong on it and they scale
so so well. And I think that's that's
what makes the champ good in my mind. I
think something worth trying if you guys
out there are zed mains. I I don't know.
I never really know where to put Ziggs
to be honest. The thing with Ziggs is he
has a pretty good laning phase into some
things, but I think that, you know, a
lot of champs just rush tier 2 boots
then can kind of like run rings around
him. And I think that Ziggs's scaling is
pretty conditional on getting ahead. You
know, like most poke champions, he falls
off when people either have a lot of
movement speed or have a lot of sustain.
And the thing with Ziggs is that in
theory, you can accelerate very quickly,
right? Like if you do manage to get
ahead, you can take place. If you do
manage to get a turret with your W, like
suddenly you're in an extremely good
spot. But I think it's actually pretty
hard to do that reliably in solo Q's. So
I don't know. I'm not a huge fan of this
champion. I definitely don't think he's
bad. You know, like there are times
where like Ziggs is putting up like huge
amounts of damage and if he does get
ahead, he's kind of a terror, but I
don't know. It feels like getting ahead
consistently is quite difficult on this
champ. Zillian is another champion that
I actually need to experiment with more
because the thing is that Zillian is
nerfed by the symbotic souls nerf,
right? Like this is a champion that has
a weak laning phase and normally the way
you you dealt with that is you like spam
the recalls. Now the thing is when
Zillian was most broken I think in like
season seven or six or something. Um it
was when you went for Rod of Ages into I
think it was Ludens back then but anyway
it was with the rower build in order to
make sure that you got through the lane.
I think now with catalyst being very
easy to buy, very easy to access, just
building catalyst and then building your
normal items after that probably put
Zillian in a much better spot. You can
still get those items while making sure
you can neutralize a lane. And he is
pretty good with a lot of the champs in
the meta. Like if you do have, you know,
good champs to buff in your team, he's
really strong. His biggest weakness is
just like his lingan phase sucks
basically. Um, and his late game also
kind of sucks. Um, but his mid game is
so so good. So this is a champion I
could maybe see sneaking up the list.
It's honestly a champ I need to try. I
used to play quite a lot of this
champion, but I I basically stopped cuz
I felt like he got power crept out of
the game, especially in the laning
phase. But now, you know, with Catalas
being such a strong component, being
able to just sit on that, I think it
could be quite good. Finally, the very
last champion I'm going to put on this
list is Zoey. And I think Zoe is
somewhere up here in the A+. Not exactly
sure where. So, Zoe, I think, is she's
just always a really good solo Q
champion to be honest. And I think that
in the current meta she is feeling
pretty good. Now I actually think she's
going to be quite a bit better next
patch because both Luden and Lichbane
buffs are really really good for Zoe.
Like Zoe has this big problem where like
the Lichbane second item feels so so
good but it's basically impossible to
buy unless you can buy the rod cuz the
build path just sucks so much. Next
patch is probably going to be quite a
bit better. She is also a pretty good
pick into I actually think she's pretty
good versus Ahri as well. So I like Zoe.
I think underrated champion in general
has been for a while. Um, also a good
match up into things like Silus, not bad
into Azir as well. So, there's enough
good matchups to be worth picking and
she's a pretty good one trick as well
because she can just kind of get lucky
even in bad matchups. I think the only
really annoying things at the moment
would be things like Zed or Mel, I
guess. A like there are bad matchups
that exist and maybe that is a downside
of of Zoe that you can't really build
catalyst or anything. It feels like it
would just slow you down too much. Um,
but yeah, really really good champion. I
think if you're a Zoe Endur or if you're
good at her, really worth putting some
time into. I think you can absolutely
get some free healer with this. Also,
there was that ignite buff, right? Like
the ignite buff this patch makes her
feel probably just that little bit
better. Like I think going for, you
know, ignite with electrocute obviously
is pretty good. You can still go TP with
electrocute or TP with Ary and it's
solid, but if you get a good matchup, I
think going for ignite feels very, very
powerful. So guys, I think that's going
to be it for my tier list. If you guys
have any other questions or anything,
please feel free to leave them in the
comment section below or come over to my
stream and you can ask me questions
there. I will try and keep this tier
list updated. I normally release a new
one every patch and I'll kind of talk
about the changes. So, you can always
come back to refer to this one as for my
original thoughts on the champ. Um, but
yeah, I will try and just make sure that
any champion that gets changed I will
talk about. In the next patch, we'll
have the AP item changes which probably
will change the meta a bit as well. So,
I'll make sure to do a deep dive into
those when those all get finalized. So,
thank you so much for watching. Don't
forget to like and subscribe.