this isn't a fair ranking list because
tell me did you have a good launch
lineup when you were a newborn launch
lineups are easy to criticize but let's
be honest like come on man like it's the
first day this console is out you know
like developers barely had a chance to
understand how these consoles work but
you know what yeah we can [ __ ] about
the Wii U some more so why not let's do
it here are Nintendo's launch lineups
pretty much just want to go through all
their major systems and just kind of
rank like what I think of each
respective launch lineup you know like
it is very interesting to kind of see
like okay like you know like is there a
lot of variety here a lot of good
quality is there like a couple maybe
like one big killer app I don't know
we'll see it's kind of just based on
like what I'm feeling like is there good
variety is there good quality let's just
see um let's start with the Nintendo 64
cuz that one's just
funny what the [ __ ] is that the Nintendo
64 always always had problems when it
came to uh quantity of games uh quality
of games yeah a little bit um you know I
mean overall a lot of N64 games don't
necessarily age well but the great games
are amazing they are some of the best of
all time and that translates over to the
launch lineup because you have the best
game of all time in Super Mario 64 pilot
wings and Mario 64 in some like maong
game that was only released in Japan uh
so three launch titles over there two
over here and at that point you might as
well just have Mar Mario 64 you know
what is a big weird sticking point for
me the fact that Mario 64 was not a
packing title like like this feels like
it was born to be a packing title you
know it just comes with your
N64 um but no and it and it's even
weirder considering like the N64 was
going up against the Sony PlayStation
which could play CDs right out of the
box so even if you didn't buy a game
with your PlayStation 1 if you had a CD
you could at least do something with it
in 64 you only have two launch titles
and you have a game system that doesn't
do a damn thing unless you have a game
with it and the one game that was
completely designed around like the
Nintendo 64 the controller was designed
for it you don't include that in the Box
even though like the Super Nintendo came
bundled in with Super Mario World the
NES Mario and duck hunt you know this is
a tricky one to place considering that
you know Super Mario 64 is you know one
of the greatest games of all time one of
the most impactful games of all time but
like we have other launch lineups where
there's more than just like the one big
killer app game you have a couple other
games to choose from and for the only
other game to choose from being pilot
Wing 64 like pilot Wing 64 is a solid
time but it's also like the only other
solid time you could have with the N64
other than maang if you live outside of
Ohio I'm giving this funny Little
Critter a c because uh you know I mean
like you have Mario 64 that's incredible
but even the fact that like we we don't
really have any other thirdparty games
and like okay sure if you want to count
that game that's exclusive to Japan why
not but still like you know like it's a
majang game it's not like this is like
incredible third party supports so uh
yeah I think Mario 64 completely carried
this launch lineup but uh we have other
launch lineups with like oh my God this
is like the greatest game of all time
but it's not the only game that you
really have with your system so see for
N64 it might as well talk about the
Nintendo switch as well because that had
a similar problem where they went for
you know a lower quantity of games than
we're usually used to especially at the
time you know you look back at like the
Wii launch lineup and the Wii U launch
lineup and yeah like there is like 20 30
games to pick from it it's insane uh
Nintendo switch they definitely scaled
back a bit and I feel like you know that
was both a conscious decision and also a
logistical one because like who the hell
wanted to support Nintendo right away at
that time a lot of the 2017 Nintendo
switch games from third parties felt
like Nintendo was just just prying for
like just something from people like hey
Ubisoft please bring Rayman Legends to
the Nintendo switch uh please yeah the
Wii U game yeah just please Port it hey
Capcom can we get something Street
Fighter exclusive to the Nintendo switch
here's Ultra Street Fighter 2 like my
God so on Nintendo switch pretty much
all you had at launch was breath of the
wild and a bunch of other [ __ ] 1 2
switch was Nintendo's other published
title kind of felt like they wanted to
do like okay here's your hardcore game
and here's your casual game uh onew
switch a lot of people will claim that
should have been a packing game uh I
disagree I think it's too [ __ ] weird
and it's also like it's not really
indicative of like this is what you can
expect from the Nintendo switch like it
just kind of felt like it was like hey
uh this Nintendo switch system is kind
of unique let's try to make a a
different kind of party game with it
instead of like you know the whole thing
with switches like hey you know you can
take it on the go or you know put it on
the TV I don't really think one two
switch really represents that very well
super bomber man r i mean that was
something you know it had been a long
time since like you know a brand new
traditional bomber Man game so that was
really cool to see but Bomberman R just
had this like level of stink to it man I
just didn't care about that game it just
felt like unpolished a little unfinished
I love like the art style when it comes
to like you know the box art and the cut
scenes like I think that stuff looks
pretty good but then you actually look
at the the game and everything's just
kind of grimy and it's just kind of like
low effort 3D models and stuff hell even
like when enemies die in the game they
just they just pop out of existence like
I'm like what come on man Just Dance
Skylanders
um yeah I think something that
definitely helped is that you had uh the
eShop they had a good selection of solid
eShop games you know Nintendo published
snipper Clips which I thought was great
uh Shovel Knight Shovel Knight appeared
on Nintendo switch at launch and the
Spectre of Torment campaign was uh you
know available at launch alongside it
which was really really cool fast rmx
which is kind of like an enhanced Port
of fast racing Neo from the Wii U you
know they spruced up some things changed
up some things added some new things
this was pretty good I wouldn't say it's
like the best but I feel like you have
kind of a similar thing to the Nintendo
64 you have breath of the wild which is
kind of Mario 64 in this situation and
I'm not saying that breath of the Wild
is necessarily like this big Mario 64
moment I mean it is but it isn't you
know it's not like that big of a leap
compared to Mario 64 like Mario 64 was
revolutionary breath of the wild is
revolutionary in its own ways but I
don't think to that level uh but that's
that's just indicative of like you know
Mario 64 was like this big open 3D game
in 1996 breath of the wild was an open
world game in 2017 that pretty much just
kind of tweaked some ideas and it sounds
like I'm undermining this but like kind
of tweaked some ideas that open World
Games had and just kind of opened the
doors even more which to me just kind of
makes it like you know it's it's not as
revolutionary as Mario 64 but it's
revolutionary uh and revolutionary in
its own ways yeah you know you had Mario
64 and you only had Mario 64 breath of
the Wild on Nintendo switch sure it
wasn't an exclusive like it did launch
on Wii U day and date with the Nintendo
switch but that doesn't [ __ ] matter
it released on the Wii U the Wii U is
the Wii U who the hell cares might as
well have been a Nintendo switch
exclusive um I would say there was a
decent amount of variety I remember
having a good enough time on Nintendo
switch I don't think it was something
where if you got a Nintendo switch oh my
God you were so bored on launch day I
think you had enough to to keep you
going so I I do think it was better than
the N64 just because you did have that
Monumental killer app in addition to
like a fair amount of other things and
some some good quality things but I
don't think it belongs outside of C tier
you know a lot of this stuff is really
pushing it in terms of like what's
considered like oh my God like this is a
system seller right here I can play Just
Dance 2017 on this system my God I feel
kind of weird putting it in B tier I
think it kind of belongs at the top of C
tier nearly B tier it's getting there
but uh yeah it was still a pretty slim
picking launch lineup buddy I want to
talk about the GameCube that this is one
weird ass launch lineup so what do we
got we got uh Nintendo published games
we got Luigi's Mansion and Wave Race
Blue Storm what what the hell kind of a
riddle is that just kind of weird
Luigi's Mansion is a classic but at the
time there's just something about it
that feels underwhelming and I think it
took a bit of time to get the
recognition it truly deserves uh but
like it's a very short game uh but it's
a very cool and and very atmospheric
game you know it's a very memorable one
and Wave Race Blue Storm I I think
generally most people would agree uh
it's good but it isn't as good as the
N64 game that game is hard wav R Blue
Storm is difficult it's beautiful but uh
it's missing kind of that accessible
magic of wav Ray 64 and then when it
comes to like the third party games I
think Super Monkey Ball is the biggest
standout right there you know that is a
classic I I think that is an awesome
launch title to have on the GameCube
Star Wars Rogue leader is like
incredible it still looks great you have
Tony Hawks Pro Skater 3 you know this
was back when Pro Skater was like at the
top of the food chain man like this was
like one of the best damn games you
could get but keep in mind it was also
available on like everything so it's not
like it's like oh my God the GameCube
was christened with Tony Hawks Pro
Skater 3 it's more so like bro Pro
Skater 3 comes to everything so it's
just like yeah it'll come to the
GameCube uh and just a bunch of sports
games you got Crazy Taxi that's kind of
cool Batman vengeance now I think where
the GameCube launch up kind of succeeds
is only like a couple weeks later so the
GameCube launched in you know November
here in North America and then just like
in early December uh you got Super Smash
Brothers Melee and Pikman uh and you
know like you know okay they don't
classify as launch title so I don't
think that should really count on this
ranking but I think that kind of made it
okay you know like does it really matter
if on day one you don't have Smash
Brothers Melee if you're getting it in
like two weeks and Luigi's Mansion is a
fun time Wave Race is a good game super
Monkey Ball is super fun but overall I
feel like this is another C tier there's
not that one big killer app on the
GameCube at its launch that came like
two weeks later with smash melee uh you
could consider that to be Luigi's
Mansion but like yeah you're one of
those weird little Nintendo Gremlins if
you're like Luigi's Mansion is why I
bought the GameCube that might have very
well been the case but uh buddy it's
like a three-hour long game this is
going in C tier because like what the
hell you add stuff to play but like
barely speaking of which I want to talk
about the Nintendo
3DS that's going in D tier there was
nothing there was like quantity but like
the quality was so ungodly low for the
3DS launch like it is incredible to me
like back in 20123 uh I played through
like all of the 3DS launch titles you
know I made a Scot stash video about
that all you know I played I played a
bit of everything and the one thing I
just noticed through it all was like man
all these games are so damn light and
the fun thing about it is I think
Nintendo thought nintendog plus cats was
going to be their killer app I mean it
sure as hell wasn't going to be steel
diver uh steel diver is like a cute
little like demo of a game but it isn't
a game pilot Wings Resort is okay like I
do like that game but you know like the
these are not full games man nintend
doogs I always loved I loved nintend
doogs on the DS but when you play it
again you you start to see just how
minuscule this game is like you just it
needs need something more to do you need
more depth to this game because as it is
it's pretty much like okay check in on
your dog feed your dog wash your dog uh
train your dog some tricks to bring him
to competitions and that's pretty much
it there's a couple other things but
like I feel like there needs to be like
a little bit extra going on there and
nintend dogs plus cats doesn't really
give you that it's pretty much nintend
dogs uh with better graphics and how
much do we really need that I'd say like
the two best games on 3DS was super
Street 4 3D edition and Ridge Racer 3D
and even then like after launch like
there there like those games weren't
really leaving much of an impact on the
handheld Super Street Fighter 4 was damn
impressive the fact that you could get
Street Fighter 4 on 3DS like wow but it
is kind of like a novelty you know like
it is kind of like that is cool but like
okay rid Razer 3D was a solid racing
game but then uh you know on the other
side of things you got asphalt 3D which
is like Ridge Racer 3 but a lot worse
Super Monkey Ball 3D is just nothing
like there's nothing to that game it is
like the simplest Monkey Ball experience
really it has some mini gamess here and
there but like at the end of the day
like it just feels like you're really
lying to yourself when you're playing
that game like this is all fine it's all
high high enough quality and the
graphics are okay but like what are you
really doing in this game what are you
doing in this game there's nothing to it
it is so simple it is so basic it is it
is not a good video game Rayman 3D is
like a botched Port of Rayman 2 from the
Dreamcast a combat a Giants Dinosaurs 3D
who the hell cares about that bust move
Universe has like nothing to it it has
like no content like all these games
have like such little amounts of content
it is genuinely impressive how little
content there is in these games they
feel like the games that we got near the
beginning of the Nintendo DS's lifespan
which that at least like we didn't
really have like iPhone games at that
time like mobile games that were used to
these days where like okay like you know
for two bucks you get like this kind of
content these all kind of feel like you
know iPhone games in terms of like the
quality and quantity of like what you
get with them um and on the DS you know
that was acceptable because that was
like 2004 so at the time like you know
like even then like it's not even
acceptable but it's just like you kind
of like it wasn't as crazy that like you
were getting kind of like a smaller
experience with this like Yoshi touch
and go on the DS like that's like okay
there's not much this game but like you
know you didn't really have like the
mobile games that you have these days
there you know it's a little high score
based game so it's just like you know
you got that sometimes the fact they
were trying to push games like that uh
on the 3DS in 2011 was crazy and there
just wasn't anything really going on at
the launch lineup there was a couple
things here and there to play but it
it's wild because there wasn't like
anything afterwards like you could kind
of draw some parallels with the 3DS
launch lineup and the GameCube launch
lineup like you could draw a couple
parallels I think the GameCube one was
far better but um at the very least with
the GameCube you got smash BRS and
Pikmin like two weeks later the 3DS you
had to wait until June like the 3DS
launched in March you had to wait until
June to get Zelda ocarine of Time 3D
which is like one of the best games of
all time but at the same time it's a
remake it's it's an N64 game so I feel
pretty confident putting that in D tier
rot in hell you dirty son of a [ __ ]
Nintendo DS I think that belongs in C
tier the D has pretty much just had
Super Mario 64 DS and Metroid Prime
Hunter first hunt the the demo the demo
for Metroid Prime hunters which would
finally launch in like 2006 you know the
DS launched in 2004 Mario 64 DS was
really
cool outside of that what there was
asphalt Urban GT which asphalt is a
mobile game series that kind of comes to
console sometimes especially during the
launch lineup like we got asphalt Urban
GT on DS asphalt 3D on 3DS and asphalt
on Playstation vaita as well get get the
get this [ __ ] game series off of
these things man nobody wants this feel
of magic
xyxx that's [ __ ] weird isn't it
Spider-Man 2 Madden 2005 the herbs thank
Christ for Mario 64 DS I got to be
honest man the more I'm thinking about
this like Mario 64 DS was awesome but
again like you know the N64 launched
with Mario 64 which was a brand new
experience at that time now you know
obviously it is really cool to see that
on a handheld that's a huge thing but
you know I'm kind of thinking I'm just
going like it's still a remake and it
was a brand new game on N64 and like
Metro Prim Hunters is just a damn demo
and like there's nothing else going on
here man there's nothing else to play I
think this might be D tier I think this
is high D tier and 3DS is low D tier how
about that but you know what's even
worse than low D tier
the Game Boy Color oh my God you have a
centipede on Game Boy Color Tetris DX
you already have Tetris on Game Boy like
the DX version is literally just it's
Tetris with a little bit of color yeah
good for you it has worse music like it
has Fine Music but it's just like it's
not the it's not the Tetris theme that's
iconic pocket bomber man and Game and
Watch Gallery 2 which I like Game and
Watch Gallery 2 but it's it's it's a
couple of Game and Watch games now of
course I think the launch lineup really
does set in how much the Game Boy Color
is just kind of like it was just kind of
a revision to the original Game Boy
wasn't really meant to be its own system
also considering how all of those games
are also Game Boy games like you know
they're the Game Boy Color games that
also work on Game Boy but when you put
them in Game Boy Color like oh wow
they're in color now great so I feel
pretty confident that that is like one
of the worst Nintendo game console
launch lineups now the original Game Boy
on the other hand this is pretty
something special pretty low amount here
you know you have Alleyway baseball
tennis uh but then you also have Super
Mario Land and Tetris which I think
that's pretty massive I mean like just
having Tetris and that's a packing game
by the way and then you know you can
also get Super Mario Land which you know
Super Mario Land it's easy to kind of
dunk on that game a little bit but at
the same time it is kind of like you
know like it's Mario Land it's one of
the most popular Game Boy games and at
the same time like I think you're a
little heartless if you think Super
Mario Land is is complete dog [ __ ] it's
just a little dog [ __ ] you know like
it's it's fine and and like it is very
Charming uh and especially in 1989 you
know like that that was a huge deal I
think I wasn't born but I can at least
put myself in you know player shoes at
that time you know you get a Mario game
on your brand new portable and you get
Tetris for free included with the system
that's pretty big and Alleyway is you
know it's Alleyway you know it's pretty
much just an arcanoid breakout clone
it's fun then baseball and Tennis for
for the jocks um you know for the time
and also having like you know two big
like heavy hitting like system selling
titles at that time I think it's a high
B tier at the very least I I think
that's a big deal I think I think Game
Boy had a decent launch lineup for the
time and then there's Virtual Boy uh
okay so Mario's tennis is a packing game
which I always found as a weird packing
game you know okay Mario Tennis Mario's
tennis I'm sorry Red Alarm uh which that
game
stinks that's like star Fox then they
forgot to finish it Tero boxer which is
solid then Galactic pinball which is
like it it's okay it's just a pinball
game I mean t boxer is like a pretty
solid use of the 3D of the virtual boy
because it's like you know I mean like
they're punching you in the face I don't
know and I guess Mario's tennis is a
fine use of the 3D as well because you
know hey you know it's a good depth of
field example you know being able to see
like how far away something is and how
far away the ball is from your racket I
think that's important with 3D because
you know when when I try to play like
tennis on the original NES it's kind of
hard to tell where the ball is in
relation to you and your racket um so
it's just like yeah I guess that's
that's a fine use but it's just like I'd
be absolutely insane to put this in
anything but D tier I think it's
definitely better than the Game Boy
Color I'll give it that because there's
actual damn games actual like Virtual
Boy games there uh and you know like
most of them are fine but the Game Boy
Color has just okay another version of t
tet who cares you can already play
Tetris on Game Boy and Game Boy Color
you can just pop in the original Tetris
and everybody already owned that because
like it came with the original Game Boy
and then like what like a bunch of old
garbage get centipede and gaming watch
games here you go the Virtual Boy
actually had like something going on
there so like yeah I'll give it that now
what about the Game Boy Advance uh this
one's a little tricky so Nintendo's big
titles with this one was Super Mario
Advance and f-z maximum velocity which
uh I actually think are like really cool
games to releasee I mean Mario Advance
is a little weird because it's just like
okay it's it's like a a enhanced version
of Super Mario Brothers 2 USA uh like
that that's your way of showing off how
powerful your new handheld is after
Super Mario Brothers Deluxe was on the
Game Boy Color like that was just the
full-blown original Super Mario Brothers
on Game Boy Color you know it's not
completely out of the realm of
possibility that you could imagine Mario
2 on a handheld but uh still I mean like
they enhanced the hell out of it uh it
included the original Mario Brothers
arcade game but uh it's actually
playable now which is uh pretty cool and
then in addition you have f-zero maximum
velocity which I think really helped to
show how powerful the GBA is you know
you have this 3D racing game uh
high-speed racing game uh on the GBA and
uh you know a game series that had only
ever been on home consoles up to that
point I think that's kind of a big deal
that's really cool and then you just had
like a bunch of other stuff had Konami
crazy racers that was like the first
cart racer on GBA you know preceded
Mario Kart super Circuit which is kind
of cool and then you also had like you
know earthworm gy uh you know that was a
you know Port of the Super Nintendo
game/ Sega Genesis so you know that that
at least showed like hey like this is
this is something pretty massive uh
Castlevania circle of the Moon that's a
big one that's awesome you know
Castlevania circle of the moon was kind
of like okay here's like another game
like Castlevania Symphony of the Night
but now on the Game Boy Advance you know
here's like a a sequel to a Playstation
One game it's awesome like I love like
the Castlevania GBA games and uh yeah
like this is this is really damn good uh
you also have a Namco Museum being able
to play like all those old school Namco
games uh you know pretty like
full-fledged quality on the Game Boy
Advance that was pretty cool Rayman
Advance being able to play the original
Rayman that's something Tony HW Pro
Skater too that's a big deal you know
the Tony Haw games on Game Boy Advance
are actually really good you know they
had to redes design them to be like
these more like top down isometric games
but they're still really good I think
Game Boy Advance is pretty damn solid
there's a lot of stuff going on here you
know you have a lot of new stuff but
also a lot of like older stuff kind of a
good little collage of that maybe a
little too much old stuff but at the
same time I'm kind of like you know what
I think this is like low a now what
about the Nintendo Wii this one's a bit
tricky because uh Nintendo published
wise I mean um you know Wii sports
that's
that that's like the game of a
generation I think it's a little strange
to be like oh yeah Wii Sports is one of
the best games of all time because it's
basically like a little Tech demo but
yeah it's one of the best games of all
time it's really dumb to say that you
know I feel like an idiot but it's also
like it's Wii Sports man it's amazing
then in addition you also had Twilight
Princess launch on the Wii and yeah it
was also available on GameCube but it
was initially exclusive to the Wii it
came to GameCube a couple weeks later in
December of 2006 so that's big and
Twilight Princess is like pretty much
the ultimate Zelda game in my opinion
when it comes to like traditional like
you know the ocarine of time formula of
3D Zelda I think Twilight Princess is
like the ultimate variant of that and
the Wii version ain't bad you know like
you have the motion controls which you
know you may love it or hate it but I
don't think they really get in the way
of things I think they're perfectly fine
then you have excit truck which is just
damn fun that is a fun game and that
also showcased how the weiro can you
know be like a pretty decent little uh
use of like a steering wheel I mean you
have Trauma Center uh that's cool Rayman
Raving rabids you know that started a
whole you apocalypse Super Monkey Ball
banana Blitz um definitely better than
like something like Super Monkey Ball 3D
but you know that was kind of like the
start of the end of the monkey ball
franchise there uh so it's just like all
right there's that Call of Duty 3 you
know that that was that was something
Red Steel you know that was that was
kind of a little disappointing uh Red
Steel is just kind of a just chunky ass
weird ass little game there I guess I I
don't know yeah I got to be honest a lot
of the games available at the wi launch
were a lot of like licensed games a lot
of just kind of like whatever just like
okay here's the Grim advantures a
billion Mandy fighting game here's
SpongeBob Creature from the Crusty Crab
Nintendo specifically went after THQ and
was like please put a SpongeBob game on
the Wii I'm like buddy I don't really
think you had to convince THQ to do that
I think I think they would have been
happy to do that regardless the Ant
Bully buddy I think something that
definitely helped out was the Wii Shop
Channel that launched alongside the Wii
so you know you had Super Mario 64 you
could download you could download the
original Legend of Zelda you know Super
Nintendo games Sega Genesis games that
was a big deal but yeah looking at this
like I think Nintendo's lineup was
pretty solid with that um and there was
stuff to play but at the at the same
time I I do think the third party
support was kind of lacking at that
launch of the Wii but it's also like you
had a lot of stuff going on man you had
a lot of stuff going on I would give it
a low B how about that I I think that's
pretty fair you know the only reason I'm
giving it that is because outside of the
Nintendo published stuff like man it was
it it was kind it's a little rough it
was a little rough during the Wii launch
but what about the Super Nintendo okay
let's let's talk about this so Super
Mario World was packed in okay that
that's a generation defining game right
there uh Sim City on Super Nintendo so
Nintendo worked with like Maxis uh who
who developed Sim City the just be like
uh yeah can we make our own Sim City on
Super Nintendo and it turned out to be
like one of the best versions of Sim
City uh even to this day you know not
not saying that like you know other
versions of Sim City aren't better like
they are better but you know there's
something about the Super Nintendo one
that's like just so iconic and just so
cozy you also had gradius 3 that's a
great shoot them up uh pilot Wings you
know that's a great use of uh kind of
the mode 7 3d effect of the Super
Nintendo then he had f-zero which really
did you know another another great
example of 3D mode 7 you know Super
Nintendo stuff yeah I mean it's a little
lacking you know it's not like you have
like this overwhelming amount of stuff
but you know back in the '90s you know
from what I've heard of like all these
other people I would say kind of the
consistent you know sentiment is that
you know all you really needed was Super
Mario World and everything else was like
Hey you had a lot of other really good
games at the launch so it's just like
you had you you were you were eating you
were eating if you were buying the Super
Nintendo at launch and you wanted to get
a couple other launch games there was
definitely some good stuff going on
there you know you could definitely get
by with like Mario World maybe get
f-zero that was really cool I would say
it belongs in a tier and I think it
belongs above the GBA primarily just
because like the GBA didn't really have
like any generation
defining like moment I guess in its
launch titles uh but the Super Nintendo
did it had a couple you fzero was huge
uh Super Mario World was huge so it's
just like the quantity isn't really up
there but compared to the GBA I I think
like I think they kind of even out you
know the GBA doesn't really have like
that massive giant game kind of thing
but uh the Super Nintendo has that but
you know not as many games the GBA has
like a lot of games and a lot of good
games a lot of great games uh but uh
yeah I think I think they kind of even
out there all right now here's the weird
thing the NES is H kind of kind of hard
to pinpoint because like I don't really
know what was a long launch title the
world wasn't there's all these
conflicting reports as to like Super
Mario Brothers was that a launch title I
don't think it was I think it's been
confirmed like Super Mario Brothers won
was not a launch title but it's Up For
Debate who the hell knows um but yeah
pretty much all the uh any launch titles
were kind of like just a bunch of the
blackbox [ __ ] Nintendo put out like
a lot of these games are just man who
who wants these 10 yard fight baseball
clue clol land is like whatever Duck
Hunt is like yeah that's great everybody
loves duck hunt and that that was huge
uh excite bike another great game golf I
mean it's better than baseball gyromite
and stackup you know the Rob titles you
know these games you know the whole
thing with Rob the robot was like okay
here's an accessory designed simply to
sell the NES and nothing more it was
like oh it's not a video game console
it's it's a toy because video game
consoles like it was hard to get
retailers to stock you know uh unproven
video game devices at the time because
there was too much stuff uh during the
Atari and television Kika Vision all
that all that junk days that's how you
get the video game crash in 1983 so then
Nintendo had to make up some robot
[ __ ] and be like we aren't a video
game console we're a toy look at
gyromite and stackup [ __ ] but it's like
those games are like completely whatever
who the hell cares gyro might's fine but
it's like with with the robot it's it's
it's God awful stackup is more of like a
video game board game like there's
nothing that matters on screen it's kind
of just a way to control the robot to do
whatever you want Hogan's alley just
another game to use the the zapper with
uh ice climber ice climber isn't the
worst game I think people kind of dog on
that a little too much it's not good I
don't really care to play ice climber
but like if you sit down and you learn
the controls and you get used to the
controls you know it's fine Kung Fu
that's an iconic NES game you know Kung
Fu is a solid one pinballs whatever
soccer tennis wild gunman again just a
zapper game Wrecking Crew what the hell
there's no there was no Donkey Kong you
didn't have Donkey Kong yet he like
Super Mario Brothers could have maybe
maybe it was there maybe it wasn't
that's all up for debate even if it was
there man I'm I'm going I'm going low B
man I'm going low B I don't I don't care
and look where we ended up the Wii U
looks like nothing hit s here yet
foreshadowing God no all right here's
the thing uh the Wii you had like stuff
to play at launch none of it was really
that impactful um Nintendo Land was a
great packing you know that there was so
much content in that game there was so
much to keep you coming back there was
some good single player stuff great
multiplayer stuff I love Nintendo Land
but definitely a bit of an oddball boy
when it came to like uh okay like here's
a packing game to appeal to everybody
the Casual Market when like a big chunk
of the game is like hey look at this
obscure Nintendo reference takamaru's
ninja Castle did you know that's from
the mysterious Mame Castle from the
famicom disc system only released in
Japan Grandma are you listening new
Super Mario Brothers you uh I think it
honestly did a little more harm than it
did good I think it was great to have
like a full-fledged brand new 2D Mario
game at launch I think that was great it
kept you busy but it didn't really get
me excited to get a Wii U it was kind of
like hey uh here's another one of these
even at the time like people were
starting to get a little burnt out on
the 2D Mario stuff you know the new
Super Mario Brothers formula
and uh new Super Mario Brothers U at the
time was considered one of the best new
Super Mario Brothers games uh at this
time it is the one I want to play the
very least I don't give a damn about
that game but at the time you know it
gave you something to do with your Wii U
like it gave you a high quality 2D Mario
game to blast through and you know you
can jam through the challenge mode and
play through multiplayer stuff and you
know there there was a lot of stuff to
do with new Super Mario PS U it's a high
quality launch title um but a killer app
no but there's a lot of other stuff on
Wii uu you know Zombie U was a big deal
but that's kind of like a very mixed
game either you you liked it or you were
just like I don't I don't give a [ __ ]
about this at all scri unlimited that's
that's really cool you know scri is
great uh Ninja gten 3 razer's Edge uh
took a uh game that people hated at the
time Ninja giden 3 and uh made a game
people tolerated you know he had some
cool like Wii U exclusive ports of games
like Mass Effect 3 special edition uh
Batman Arkham City armor Edition um and
like you know Call of Duty Black Ops 2
that was cool on Wii U you know there
was there was some good stuff there
there there was some decent stuff to
play on Wii U at launch I I I 100%
believe that but at the same time like
you did not have a damn reason to buy
this thing you had like stuff to do if
you already bought it but um yeah there
was no reason to buy a Wii U at launch
like all this most of this stuff was
already on 360 and PS3 it was cheaper on
Xbox 360 and PS3 it ran better it looked
better it had more content on Xbox 360
and PS3 and uh the Nintendo published
stuff was good was decent but like it
wasn't enough man so like at the end of
the day I kind of feel like it evens out
with the Nintendo switch the Nintendo
switch had a killer app even if that
killer app was available on Wii U um you
know you had breath of the wild at
launch that was a big deal um but you
know it it didn't really have the
quantity but uh the Wii Wii U had the
the quantity but at the same time it was
kind of like who the hell cares man
obviously very little people did it's
the Wii U so yeah um after after all
this I I do think I kind of realized
it's really hard to get a perfect launch
lineup going you know I I didn't even
rank any of these s tier because yeah I
think you know you can always you can
always criticize these launch lineups
but but at the end of the day it doesn't
really matter it kind of matters like
the momentum uh after the launch you
know like yeah having some stuff to play
on the very first day is important but
what are you doing in a couple weeks you
know and I think GameCube did a great
job with that I think Nintendo switch
did a great job with that I think Wii U
and 3DS tried to fart a bunch of stuff
out at the very start and then after
that what did they have to show they had
nothing for like months so let that be a
lesson to you if you're creating a
launch lineup for a video game console
who the hell are you why why are you
listening to me then