We take a look at what they look like.
So, select stores will be getting these
in. Mhm. Oh, wow. My graded Pokemon
cards are back from GameStop, but they
also told me about a new mystery box
they made. Now, full transparency, they
told me that these are releasing this
week, but they're letting me purchase a
few before they're available, so they
can get my thoughts.
Hey, how's it going? How are you, Keith?
Doing good. Doing good. Came to get your
cards, huh? Yeah. Came to get the cards
and also about the uh the new mystery
boxes as well, too. All right. But look
at you. Look at the snazzy shirt you
got. Oh, thank you. Yeah, some new
product we sell. We got a bunch of new
Pok√©mon shirts and stuff, and I actually
like the feel of this, so I had to get
one myself. All right, but uh I'm
excited about my cards, the graded cards
that are back in, especially one in
particular. This has got to be it.
Keith, let's see it. All right, here we
go. And it's a 10. These are the ones
that I had uh resubmitted for grading.
So, I'm really curious to see if these
have gotten either better grades or
worse. Now, for these, I'm expecting
some tens.
Oh, please don't hold me accountable.
Let me just grab those cards for you.
Hang on. There we go. All right. We'll
get you a sign for these and then we'll
run them through so that way Mhm. you
don't want to see the grades. Yeah.
Don't reveal the grades just yet. Yeah.
So, what I'll do is I'll hide them like
that. Okay. We'll run it through. It
does look like Okay, that's a positive.
Oh, wait. What? What? What are you
telling me here? Um, you do have an
upcharge. Wait, so that means there's a
better grade. Something was something
was a good grade. I don't know what it
was. I don't know which card. So, okay.
So, I'll take that as a good news then.
Okay. Okay. So, something had an
upcharge on it. Okay. So, I guess we
will find out. Now, I'm going to guess
it's it's probably going to be either
the Charizard staff card or the One
Piece card. Those would be my two
guesses. Remember, we send them in
valued at 200. So, one of your cards got
a high enough grade that the value of
that went over the $200 for PSA. Okay.
So, PSA has an upcharge for it. All
right. Well, let's start with the Lugia.
Now, I believe this was a Becket 9.5. It
had pretty good sub scores, so I'm
really hoping that it bumps to a PSA 10.
So, Keith, the
reveal. PSA 9. Okay, that's still really
really nice. Uh, I'm sure there's
something wrong with the card in some
shape or form that gives it that why
it's a PSA 9, but my high hopes are for
the Charizard, though. So, still, it's a
staff card, Lugia from the set, Vivid
Voltage, and it's really nice in that
PSA 9 slab. Next up, let's do the
rareram. So, for the reram, I believe it
was a PSA 7. It's a beautiful golden
card. Let's see if it's better or
worse. It's a six. Oh no. So, the rush
is not the best with this one. It's a
PSA 6, but again, you just never know uh
what they can get. It's very subjective,
but there's clearly stuff going on with
the card. Yeah, definitely with the
whitening on it, but it's still really
neat to have a golden reram. Next up,
let's go with the uh silver diagga,
which that one that was A6. So, I'm
really hoping that can bump it up a bit.
Let's see it,
[Music]
Keith. Five. Oh, no. So, we've gone
down. That's the penalty. That's the
penalty that you pay for trying to grade
him again, but that's okay. It was
strictly experimental. So, it went from
a six to a five. That's not the best
score. So, I wonder what's going on with
like maybe like right there on the
surface there's a little something. But
again, you got like the corners little
whitening like definitely whitening and
stuff on the corners, but again, it was
just strictly to see if we can change
these up a bit. But there's still it's
just so cool to see both of these
together like this. Now, we're at the
Charizard. So, this is the one that was
a BGS 9.5 and it I'm pretty sure it had
subcategory grades cuz you get out of
the four of like corners, surface. It
had two tens, I think. But one of them,
the corners, I think was a nine, but I
still think it can get up to that 10.
So, let's see it, Keith.
A nine. It's okay. I'm telling myself
it's okay. Still a nine. It's still a
nine, which is great cuz now it's in a
PSA slab. But yeah, I guess you can see
kind of down there there's a little
whitening. There's like a little
whitening down
here, but is it a nine worth for the the
corners? I don't know exactly, but
still, I've had it in a BGS 9.5 for a
while, and I've been really wanting to
uh change it to a a PSA slab. Anyway, so
very cool. The staff card, Charizard
with the Lugia as well. Well, the rash,
the algae went down. Everything
literally went down from what I thought
it was going to be. So, we may be
getting some pretty good news about the
signed Luffy One Piece card here. That
may be up. So, this is the last card.
So, this has got to be the upcharge
likely. Yes. This was probably the one
that's the upcharge. Okay. So, this card
was a BGS 9.5. And it did have
subcategory grades of a couple tens, I
believe. And this was one I just feel so
strongly that it should have been a PSA
10. I thought the Zard was going to get
it. It didn't. If this does get to uh
from a BJS 9.5 to a PSA 10, the value
goes up to almost $2,000. The upcharge,
this has got to be it. Keith, let's see
it. All right, here we go. And it's a
10. No way. It is. There it is. It's
real. It's an actual 10 for the sign Oda
Luffy card from OP05. My goodness,
that's a beautiful card. I can't
believe. I mean, I kind of can believe
compared to the other ones. But now the
big question is uh how much was the
upcharge? So, let's go ahead and take
care of that. You are looking at $56
today for an upcharge. Okay, that's not
bad. That's not bad for a caliber card
of this, which I'm very, very happy
about. That's great. So, let's go. Not
the biggest upcharge I've seen, but it's
definitely a good upcharge. What's the
biggest upcharge you've seen? Uh biggest
I saw was like $238. Oh, wow. I will
definitely be happy with this one. I got
a Mumbreon to PSA 10. Wow. All right.
Well, I'm going to take this and be very
happy with it. All right. And what about
those uh mystery boxes he told me about?
Okay. Yeah. Uh GameStop's trying to work
on a new thing. It's a mystery box that
comes with a PSA 8 or higher graded card
and three packs in it. Oh, really? Yes.
Can we take a look at what they look
like? I'm really curious about this. All
right. So, select stores will be getting
these in.
Mhm. Oh, wow. Look at
that. So, we got the official name, the
GameStop power packs, and it looks like
it says you are guaranteed a PSA 8 or
above. And it looks like So, you said
you get three packs. So, what can you
say as far as like what you get? I mean,
this is a mystery to us, too. So,
they're trying to keep it a mystery for
everybody. So, Mhm. but on the back
here, it does say that, you know, it's
going to be random three packs that the
ones that on the cover may not be
included. Oh, look at that. Okay. And it
says record your pool and tag GameStop.
Well, that's what I'm here to do is buy
some. So, are these going to be uh any
like limited? It's going to be limit one
per customer per day per store. They are
going to be $59.99. Okay. Uh you do get
your pro membership savings. So, if you
are a pro, you do get your 5% off with
that. Mhm. There's one other thing I'd
like to mention on the graded cards.
There's a possibility of them being
Japanese or in the English. Okay. All
right then. Well, if that's everything I
I really want to dig into these. So, I
have uh wanted to of course buy a few of
them and so one for myself and a couple
for my crew if that's okay. Sounds good.
We got permission to do them early for
you. And like I've told you before, I
have bad luck. So, I'm going to let you
pick random which ones you guys want to
do. Okay. All right. So, want to try to
uh see if I can get lucky for the ones
that I get. So, I'll go with this one
right here. Okay. And go with this one.
And how about just like this one right
here. All right. Back in the studio and
we're opening not one, not two, but
three GameStop power packs. And from
what I'm aware, this is the first time
that GameStop has done an official
mystery box product for Pokemon cards.
So, I'm excited to get into it. But of
course, I wanted to open these up for
full transparency here in my studio so I
can give a full unbiased opinion on my
thoughts on these, the GameStop power
packs. Now, there wasn't much
information that Gamestock gave me as
far as what are the minimum odds, what's
the maximum value, the minimum value,
what are the Chase cards. Like, there
just wasn't a lot of information. And
that could be things like maybe y'all
suggest in the comment section or even
myself right now. We'll take a closer
look at the actual box itself to see if
there's any other information like down
in the fine print. But that's just
something I always like to take a look
at. And then of course we're opening up
three of them there. Of course, there
will be a limit on them as I believe
Keith said in the video as well. And I
just got one for each of the people on
my crew. Got three which we're opening
up today and they were $59.99. However,
I got mine with like the GameStop Pro
account for like $55 each. But for sake
of like comparing value, I'm going to be
using the Rare Candy app, which is going
to be able to scan uh any type of graded
card, whether it's Japanese, uh English,
Beckett, CGC, PSA, of course, it'll let
us know the current value. But that's I
guess one thing I guess I would say is
you can't really put like oh here's a
minimum value but the car values are
always changing especially in the market
these days. So I guess that would be
kind of a devil's advocate as far as
like well you can't really put it but
you know maybe putting some type of odds
or something like that on the box. Let's
take a look at the back. Of course they
got the bunny. It says tag your stuff on
GameStop. What will you unbox? See
hopefully you can read that. It says the
products in this package have been
purchased from the secondary market. I'm
assuming that's from people selling
their their cards at GameStop after you
grade them at GameStop PSA 8 or above.
Now it comes full circle repackaged by
GameStop. It's not affiliated with the
individual manufacturers or the TCG
companies Pok√©mon. And then it says
right here in bold, packs and cards are
randomly inserted. Packs and cards shown
in the box may not be contained within.
Power packs may come in English or
Japanese. No purchase necessary.
that was open to US residents only for a
chance to obtain a Chase card at the
same odds while supplies last. Print
your name, email, and your stuff on a
3x5 note card and mail in it in a number
10 envelope with postage to their actual
address. Guys, only one card per
envelope. Postmarked by May 1st, 2020.
Isn't that like in like 10 days? Limit
one request per entrance. Any entries
submitted by this method are subject to
terms and available at that URL. Failure
to comply and drawings on or about May
15th. Not really much time. I'm not sure
what that is. I'm going to go ahead and
get into it. Uh cuz I'm really excited.
Uh I don't know what that is. Like a
secondary chance type of giveaway maybe.
But you're seeing the cards on here.
Vivid Voltage Shred Fable. Uh not the
most craziest of packs even though I'm
missing cards from both of those sets.
So those do excite me. Value-wise for
those packs are like just $5. Now the
PSA 10 guarantina, that's a different
story. That's like very very valuable.
Several several hundreds of dollars, but
I'm going to try and see what we can do.
PSA 8 or above. So that's really cool.
So we got a little damage right there,
but that's fine. It's like like stuck on
there. You can kind of feel the
texture. Very nice. Okay. And uh Oh. Oh.
Oh wow.
Okay, let's go. Let's go one more time.
I'm going to go like this so you can't
really like see all the stuff. So, we
got a silver Tempest pack. Now, I still
think a silver Tempest pack is still
valued at around $5ish dollars, but hey,
you can get that Lugia card from the
set, so that's not too bad. Now, the
biggest thing is going to be the graded
card, which looks like it may be
covered, so you can't see it. We got
Vivid Voltage, and then we do have a
Shrouded Fable. So, we do have three of
the packs. Oh, is this the card right
here? Wait, so it's a so it's a base set
Magikarp and they have it in the plastic
where it does block out the grade so you
can do a little guess. That's it. It
comes in this little foam which looks
like that comes out as well. We'll open
up the pack shortly. So, here's a
Magikarp. It's definitely not a 10. You
can see there's more uh yellow on the
right compared to the left. And on the
back, just a quick glance, it doesn't
look like that bad of condition. minus
there is actually there's something I
don't know if that's on the case or not
but there's just something right there
anyway let's see I'm not really sure how
you actually three hours later so here's
the bottom of
it here is the card you ready have you
made your guesses at home we have a PSA
9 base set so the original base set
Magikarp now I don't know I we will scan
it and we will see what it comes up with
of What a This is the rare candy app
which you can go download right now on
iPhone and Android. And that is a That's
the first edition one. So, let's make
sure. Nope, that's it. Got it. So, an
unlimited Magikart PSA 9 is valued at
$32. So, we got
$32 and we got uh $15 right here. So,
uh, it's up to you on whether you think
that is worth the price tag. But, of
course, this is probably one of the more
minimum ones that you can get, even
though it is cool to get that. Now, of
course, you can't count pulls of what
you get cuz that's just hit or miss
based off of the actual uh packs itself.
That has nothing to do with the box
unless you're talking about those
farfield ones or whatever it's called.
Articuno holographic. Not too bad. Uh,
vivid voltage. I'm still missing the
Hyper Rare Leon card, but so far my
initial thoughts is, you know, the price
tag is kind of hefty of $60 for it, and
there's not much information as far as
like the odds and stuff in the in the
actual box itself. Um, but still, we
have two more to open up, so I don't
want to have like a direct opinion right
this second. So, let's get a look. But
then the packs inside, uh, regardless if
I get, you know, hits or not, it's
actually not too bad. So, for the first
one, we got a Magikarp. We are moving on
into the second power pack. And I, you
know, I tried gr grabbing whatever ones
randomly like I could to try to make
sure I tried to do this as fair as
possible. Oops, I didn't save the back
of this one. Uh, but let's it's it's
it's always, you know, it's interesting
to see a major retailer like GameStop
doing something like this. Uh, so I'm
really excited to see what we can get in
these other ones. Oo, I I see. I don't
want to spoil it just right away, but we
have another Shrouded
Fable. We have another Silver Tempest.
And then we have a Vivid Voltage. And
then the greatest card is it's another
base set. It's a base set unlimited
Ghastly. First edition stamp would be
there. If it was first edition or
shadowless, this shadow would be gone.
Um, this is probably just another nine
because you can see from the right to
the left, there's more yellow on that
side. So, uh, I guess I should actually
let y'all see it a bit more. Even though
it's in the plastic. So, you could, uh,
at least on the back see if there's any
whitening and stuff.
Little whitening down over here. So,
this could be an eight. It could be an
eight, which is uh I'm going to go I'll
say it's an eight. I'm going to go ahead
and say it's an eight. Ready? It's a
nine. All right. I'm not going to
complain, but I find this funny. The PSA
labels are are different. It's just
called 1999 Pokemon game Magikarp base
set, and it has the dates, but then it
just says Gastly. It's like that's it.
It's just Gastly. So, I feel like Gastly
I I mean, what what what is the price
going to be? But anyway, here's the rare
candy app. Again, it can scan graded
cards. You can go download it right now.
Uh let's see. I was kind of shivering a
little for right there. So, let's
hopefully he gets it. And that is a uh
Gastly unlimited $23 card. So, who knew
the Mighty Magikarp was worth more than
a Gastly at the same grade? So,
$23 and then you
stall these cards of these packs and
stuff. Again, each worth around $5.
Let's get into some vivid voltage hyper
rare Leon. Of course, you have the
Chunka Chew card or of course nothing
cuz I couldn't pull anything. Uh, I
pulled the Silver Tempest Lugia like the
first day it came out, which I never am
that lucky with these sets. and a hyper
rare
reele. All
right. Not that it really factors in to
the overall like box value itself, but
for me purposes, we can scan single
cards, Japanese as well with the rare
candy app. And that is a
$6.90. So
$7. Not too bad. And then Shrouded Fable
has Earth and Vessel and some other
Dustore character cards. Lots of
playable cards in this set. A Persian
card as well, and we get a Haxerus
holographic. So, now we have
opened two of the GameStop mystery
boxes. Y'all definitely please be sure
to leave a like and subscribe to the
channel cuz I got another fun video
coming up next week. Let's get into this
next one. And I really, really, really
would love everyone to leave your
thoughts on what you think of the boxes
themselves and if there's any
constructive criticism or if you like
them, if you think it's just a fun
little thing that they can do with
probably getting tons and tons of graded
cards that they're buying and it's a way
to reuse those cards. Whatever your
thoughts are, definitely leave them in
the comment section below. Looks like we
have so maybe this is a common theme. I
I don't know. But we have the same three
packs for these. And then we have Oh,
wow. All right. I I'm going to save that
graded card for the very end. So, we can
get into these three packs cuz it was
one I was not exactly expecting.
So, see if we can get another hit. I am
happy with the hyper rare hit from this.
Let Nothing in that one. And then we
have Vivid Voltage, which I just haven't
had any luck from this set. We have a
Mickeya holographic. All right, here is
the card. It is a Japanese one and it is
a
Miltank. So, but I don't know. It's from
2023. I feel like this one, Japanese
cards usually are in better quality uh
because of just how how they're printed
and centering and everything looks
amazing on this card. So, here it is
right here. Beautiful, beautiful card. I
don't know much more about it. And it's
A10. So, nice to see Japanese card. I'm
not sure how value how valuable it will
be exactly. We can kind of see. I don't
know what set it is, that little green
thing. But
uh for this one, I guess it just doesn't
have a PSA 10 value, but the raw it
does. And that one's just a
dollar40. All right, thanks for
watching. Stay awesome. Stay positive.