2025 is not only the year where the
Nintendo switch turns 8 years old but
it's also the year that we get the
switch to so I thought what better time
to go through and have a look at my
entire Nintendo switch collection now
I've owned a Nintendo switch since a
couple of months after launch and I can
easily say this is my favorite console
of all time so I've really gone out of
my way to try and pick up as many games
as possible try out as many genres as I
possibly can and also try and grow my
physical collection and today not only
are we going to go through each and
every game that I own I'll also be
telling you if I think it's worth it and
we need to get going with this cuz I own
a lot of games now we're going to start
this video off with my limited edition
or collector's bundles and we're going
to do the biggest first which is my
tears of the Kingdom bundle now breath
of the wild was one of my favorite games
so as soon as I saw this come out I knew
I really wanted to try and get one and I
actually wound up getting this alongside
the tears of the Kingdom OLED as well so
I had the full set but this has to be
one of my favorite Collector's Editions
that I've got everything inside of it is
just beautiful and I think when I move
I'm going to try and make more of an
effort to have this on display properly
but inside of it you get some posters
some pin badges obviously you also get
the game as well and there's also the
art book which I love having a click
through if I ever want to relive some of
the memories now like many people I
absolutely loved breath of the wild and
I think it was the star of me falling in
love with the Nintendo switch so I had
incredibly High Hopes going into tears
of the kingdom and thankfully this
didn't disappoint this to me struck the
perfect balance between bringing in
enough of the elements from breath of
the wild to make this feel like a true
Sequel and not a standalone game but
also having a ton of mechanics that
really made it feel and play so
differently the world was so much fun to
explore I loved getting to know with
brand new characters but the thing that
made me truly fall in love with it was
of course the story but I couldn't talk
about my love of Tis of the Kingdom
without also mentioning the Coro and I
love the fact that you could be on a
super important Story Mission and then
drop everything to send this little Coro
over to his buddy and even though I
often say that I didn't quite love this
as much as I did breath of the wild this
is an absolutely incredible game that I
will recommend endlessly then we have
the Ness Edition world championships now
this hasn't been opened and this is
something I intend to keep sealed as
this was limited edition now I'm going
to be honest I wasn't actually lucky
enough to buy this at launch cuz I
completely missed when it went live but
I was invited to a Nintendo event where
I actually wound up winning this instead
by the way if you haven't checked this
out yet I was actually shocked by how
fun this is I wouldn't count myself as
someone who is remotely into speedr
running whatsoever however the way they
made it into almost like mini gamess
like party games kind of made it a bit
accessible a little bit fun it is a
steep priz tag but I did have fun
playing it I also managed to get my
hands on a limited edition cup head
again I've been keeping this one sealed
as I actually own cuphead on PC instead
now I I adore cupheads art style but I
am definitely not a good cuphead player
but I did fall in love with this box
when I saw it this is fun but it's also
unbelievably brutal so buy at your own
risk the final special edition that I
have that has been opened because I
started playing it is Rune Factory
special edition 3 now with the new room
factory game coming out later this year
I decided it's finally time for me to
knuckle down and start trying to play
some of the room Factory games you see
despite the fact that I'm a lover of
farming Sims and RPGs the room Factory
games have not been something I've
delved much into and I'm going to be
real I've only just started room factory
special 3 as there's been so many games
I need to finish and my backlog is
unbelievable but I do already see why
people like the room factories and by
the way if you have a favorite room
factory game one you think I need to
check out leave it in the comments down
below cuz I do want to play them before
the brand new one comes out now before
we get into the rest of my collection
ction I just want to thank today's
sponsor Vinted now if you're anything
like me you probably have a good amount
of items littered around your house that
you don't even use anymore especially
Electronics but thankfully Vinted is a
fantastically easy place for you to sell
your things especially considering there
are no selling fees and Vinted actually
have a brand new electronics category
and this actually has a verification
service that checks not only the
authenticity but S at the condition of
devices such as mobile phones tablets
and consoles giving you a bit more peace
of mind whenever you sell or purchase
anything now I went ahead and set up my
very own Vinted closet including things
like speakers I never really found a use
for some joycons as I've managed to
collect way too many and even some
Pokémon cards that I have multiple of
and you can go ahead and check out my
own Vinted closet in the link in the
description down below so thank you
again to Vinted for sponsoring this
video now back to my physical collection
cuz we have a lot to cover first on my
super massive pile is Super Mario RPG
this game is no longer in my possession
because I have lent it to my dad which
is one of the reasons why I love picking
up physicals because it means that once
I'm done with them I can give it to my
dad who is the reason I got into
Nintendo to begin with so he can play
though and see what he thinks now Super
Mario RPG I absolutely loved I think
this is well worth the money and it's
truly a game I didn't expect to like as
much as I did and I think the thing that
really surprised me the most was the
dialogue I didn't expect so many of the
characters to have well so much
character and despite the fact that
there was a ton of combat involved it
was something that I wound up really
enjoying and because of the time button
presses I really felt involved and paid
attention to each and every battle that
I was in and this right here just
solidified the fact that sometimes I'll
buy games outside of my comfort zone and
be pleasantly surprised and this was
definitely one of them next is Rayman
Legends Definitive Edition this is
commonly on sale for like £7 and I
genuinely think it's such a Hidden Gem
now I'm a little bit biased about this
cuz I have fantastic memories of playing
this on the Wii U this was a game me and
my dad played together all the time
whenever I came back from University
it'd be the thing we'd turn on and play
together this is just a really fun
platformer and you can play it up to
four player as well which just adds a
little bit more to it but the thing that
surprised me about Rayman Legends is how
much variety there is to its platforming
because not only do each of the levels
have difficulty scores attributed to
them telling you how hard the
platforming is going to be there's
different styles of level as well with
there not only being your usual more
traditional platforming elements there's
also puzzle solving music levels where
you need to jump and hit in time to the
music and the fact that every single
level is chalk full of surprises and
hidden elements for you to try and find
especially if you're a completionist and
then add on the fact that this has mini
games as well for £7 you get so much
value for money if you ever see it on
sale it's well worth picking up be it
the switch or switch 2 so it can live on
for another console then we have another
code
recollection I really wanted to love
this game but I just never picked it up
every time I thought about playing it I
could find six other games I'd rather
play than this it had some really nice
elements to it like the puzzle solving
the story was really solid and I enjoyed
that aspect and the fact that it was
fully voice acted I think my issue is
this gave a professor Leighton feel
without being a professor Leighton game
and it just made me want to play
Professor Leighton you do get two games
for the price of one in this however for
me personally I don't think it was worth
at least full price if you find it on
sale and you love puzzle games with a
good narrative this might be up your
street but for me it's like M then we
have Harvest Moon Winds of anthor I love
the fact that they were way more
ambitious with a harvest moon game
however for this one in particular they
went for size over substance they kind
of went for an open world feel farming
Sim but the issue is whenever you went
to run through the open world to get to
each of the different towns instead
instead of it giving breath of the wild
where you'd want to run off and explore
different areas and constantly get
distracted by things you see instead the
world was just kind of empty and Bland
add on the fact that you couldn't jump
making traversing the land a little bit
annoying at times and you got something
which I kind of wished was just a little
bit smaller the towns themselves were a
lot of fun to run around and I did enjoy
those aspects and they did level up the
Farmington mechanics from previous games
a noticeable amount I feel like this is
the start of something new for Harvest
Moon but because it's their first go at
it it's not perfect however I do really
look forward to what they're going to do
next so they can build upon this idea
and give us a little bit more then we
have Nintendo switch Sports now I've
talked about this being a regret of mine
and I still stand by it it's not
necessarily that this is a bad game it's
just that it doesn't have the magic that
switch sports did and I know a whole
reason for that is the fact that I don't
live at home anymore I don't have a
whole lot of people to play this with
each and every day but I also think a
small aspect of why this doesn't hit the
same is they just didn't utilize the
dryc cons to their full capability I
feel like dryc cons have advanced so
much from what we saw with the Wii and
the Wii remotes but I don't know if it's
Nostalgia making me think that Wii
Sports was better than it was I feel
like this just wasn't leveled up the way
I hoped it would be then we have Super
Mario party jambur this to me I think is
my favorite Mario Party game of all time
this has the best parts of all the
previous Mario parties all put into one
package and if they can patch the fact
that sometimes when you're playing this
in online multiplayer there's some
serious lag to it this would definitely
be one of my favorite switch games to
play when I'm with other people Mario
Party games just have this little bit of
magic that I don't think any other
multiplayer game has ever captured and
that's the fact that you can have fun
regardless of how good you are at it
Mario Party is a game you can bring out
for gamers and non- Gamers alike and
everyone's going to have a blast and the
fact that you can never predict who's
going to win is what makes this so much
fun and so great for everyone to play
and this is in fact the only game which
my mom will play with the entire family
everything else is off limits next up is
my time at Sandrock this is one of those
games that shouldn't released on the
Nintendo switch when it did but they did
put the work in to make it a half decent
switch port in the end if you saw my
first review on this you'll know that I
was very critical of how this ran on the
Nintendo switch Not only was it released
on the console without being the
completed version of the game it was
also released in a pretty shocking State
the frame rate was bad things would pop
in and out on the camera all the time
and it made it incredibly difficult to
play let alone enjoy
now since then they have put in a lot of
work to try and Patch it and make it a
little better and at least now the
finished game is on the Nintendo switch
and although it's not perfect it is a
lot better and my time at Sandrock is a
pretty fun I was going to say farming
Sim but really it's a live Sim where you
can do elements of farming if you want
to I think the thing that really makes
this game Stand Out is the fact that you
have like a 60 plus hour story that's
fully voice acted and a pretty
engrossing story as it is it's not a
game that I get to recommend often but
especially if you can pick it up on sale
it is pretty good value for money by how
many hours you can get out of this next
up is Dragon Quest Builders 2 which I
actually got on sale at CES so it's
secondhand this game does not get nearly
enough love it's kind of like Minecraft
if Minecraft had a story to it or at
least a more obvious story to it as this
is a block building RPG so it will see
you battle explore or build and even
tend to your very own Farm all alongside
not only helping the villagers but also
trying to save the world and even after
you finish the story there's still
plenty to do this is after all a
building sandbox game so you can go off
much like Minecraft and build whatever
structure you want and make the best
base there is this especially for the
price I got it is such a good game and I
can't recommend it enough next up is
Pikmin 4 now I really really like Pik
Pikman 4 but this is my dad's favorite
switch game of all time he is absolutely
obsessed with Pikmin and he feels as
though this is just the best of the best
now I kind of avoided Pikmin games
because watching my dad play them when I
was younger it seemed like the most
stressful thing imaginable I got
emotionally attached to all of the
Pikmin and I wasn't sure I was cut out
for sending off these Pikmin into battle
however I did give Pikmin four a go and
I understand the hype I fell in love
with it although there are aspects of it
that is stressful like the time
management and making sure you make it
back to your ship before nightfall
there's lots of mechanics in the game
that kind of make this a bit less
stressful than maybe I used to think it
felt and I began to feel a little bit
like Lord farquad because after a while
I wasn't so emotionally attached to the
Pikmin you know some of you may fool but
that's a sacrifice I'm I'm willing to
make this is one of the best Nintendo
switch games that there is if you
haven't picked it up yet it's worth the
money and if you can find it on sale
that's even better next up we have
octopath traveler 2 this to me is
Thoroughly underrated I really enjoyed
the first octopath traveler and thought
it was a really solid RPG and it just so
happened to look absolutely beautiful on
the Nintendo switch as well but when
octopath traveler 2 came out I realized
just how much better this was than the
first one and to me this has to to be
easily in the top 10 RPGs you can pick
up on the switch you see octopath
traveler 2 took all of the best elements
from the first game and made them even
better each of the eight characters that
you get to play have fantastic stories
that go alongside of them and it made me
so excited to not only meet all the
characters but progress each of their
individual stories as well but the thing
that really stood out to me compared to
the first game is the fact that each of
the characters kind of talk and get
involved with each other's lives an
awful lot more before it kind of felt
like you were playing eight separate
stories but octopath traveler 2 really
put in a lot of work to make sure that
their character stories crossed each
other a little bit more and instead you
felt like you were playing as part of a
team I think the main thing letting this
down is just the lack of difficulty
settings I feel like any game with a
fantastic story should have a story mode
where it doesn't matter if you're good
at the combat you can just enjoy the
entire experience next up we have fire
emblem engage now Fire Emblem 3 houses I
think is up there as one of the best
games on the Nintendo switch this to me
however wasn't quite as good it's not a
bad game by any means it just wasn't
incredible now fireo engage does have a
solid story and the thing I love the
most about it was the fact that your
hero didn't really feel like they
deserved the title you see them go
through a ton of self-doubt impostor
syndrome and all throughout the the game
you get to see them be picked up by
those around them and to me I thought
that was a really special element to see
in this sort of game but the thing that
really lost me about Fire Emblem engage
is the fact that I didn't ironically
feel all that engaged in the story it
feels a little bit more linear than Fire
Emblem 3 houses did and I ended up
feeling very overwhelmed by all the
characters that you met in the end I
just kind of had to choose my favorites
and ignore everyone else cuz otherwise
it just felt like too much there's a lot
to love about Fire Emblem engage but it
didn't quite have the wow factor and the
extra part that made it as good as three
houses next is Kirby and the Forgotten
land controversially I feel like I
enjoyed this more than I enjoyed Mario
Odyssey which I feel like is almost
illegal to admit on the internet I just
had a little bit more fun with it now
this is partly due to the fact that I
absolutely adore Kirby I mean first of
all look at his little face and secondly
the fact that there is an entire MO this
game called mouthful mode which sees you
suck up inanimate objects and become
them and then solve little puzzles being
that object and even though some of the
levels were hard especially the time
trial extra levels that you come across
I had an absolute blast playing each of
the levels seeing what different
abilities Kirby could get whenever he
sucked in an enemy or an object and then
add on the little mini gamees so you
could play on the island between levels
and you just got a really solid game
that I had a lot of fun out of I also
love that you can play this with couch
Co-op I know it's not a full Co-op
experience as both of you don't have the
same abilities but in a time where couch
Co-op is becoming something we see less
and less I do like the fact that they
still included it next up we have
Skyward Sword I really need to knuckle
down and finish this I keep on trying to
and then I get distracted and then I
don't this is probably story-wise one of
the most important zeldas to play
considering this is what first in the
chronological timeline of zelder and
explains a lot of the things that we see
in all the subsequent zeldas I just
haven't got around to finishing it yet
it has a very different vibe to all of
the zeldas that I've played so far which
is not necessarily a bad thing I just
sincerely hope we see way more remasters
on the switch too I need to see Twilight
Princess again I would love to see
Ocarina of Time look a little bit more
like this I would die for it so fingers
cross 2025 is the year we see another
remake next up is ring fit Adventure
which everyone has the physical of
because there is no other way to buy it
if you want to get fit this is genuinely
actually a workout unlike we fit which
was like just stepping up and down on a
step that was like 2 cm above the carpet
and then it was wildly insulting to you
all the time as well but unlike that
this is an actual work out so I do
recommend if you're trying to get fit at
home the main issue with purchasing this
is actually trying to store the ring it
is so big and it doesn't fit in any my
cupboards and it's so annoying to have
but it is worth it next sh is faay Farm
me and faay farm have a complicated
relationship I personally had a lot of
fun with faay Farm or at least the base
game as this mechanically was probably
one of the best farming Sims I've played
in that the controls were pretty easy to
get to grips with and felt pretty
intuitive and didn't feel clunky and
that extended to even the combat as
there is a lot of farming Sims that I
played that whilst I enjoy the farming
Sim mechanics the combat is just a
little bit frustrating yeah Stu Valley
I'm looking at you and to me even the
fact that the NPCs were a little bit
Bland didn't really deter me from
enjoying this I don't typically seek out
relationships in farming Sims it's not
all that important to me so there was a
lot of stuff that I enjoyed in FA farm
and on PC I'd probably still say I
recommend the game especially if you get
it on sale there are however a few big
issues with it first of all on the
Nintendo switch the game was full triaa
Nintendo switch price and the reason why
they charged so much is they forced you
to buy all of the DLCs that came with it
the issue is they laid off their
development team before all of the DLC
had been finished and that therefore
meant that the DLC was utterly not worth
the price and we had all been forced to
buy the DLC with the game on the
Nintendo switch and it's such a shame
cuz I kept on saying that I thought faay
Farm had the potential to make the game
even better and become a staple farming
Sim they just never gave the developers
a chance to do it which is why I mainly
now just recommend this game when it's
on sale on the Nintendo switch when it's
a price closer to what it is on Steam
just to try and offset the DLC cost next
we have astral chain I need to give this
another ch
the story was fantastic the combat was
so different like nothing I've ever
played before and was really interesting
I just really struggled with it and
utterly sucked at it I'd like to think I
am a lot better of a gamer than I was
when I first picked this up so maybe I
need to put that to the test and give
this another go so I think this is a
fantastic game I just haven't given it a
good shot and I'll put it on my I need
to play list once again alert that list
is getting incredibly long and includes
a lot of very long games then we have
the Legend of Zelda links Awakening I
got so much hate for saying that this
wasn't one of my favorite games on the
switch and don't get me wrong I'm not
saying this is a bad game I was just
saying for its price I didn't feel like
I got a whole lot out of it a lot of my
time playing Link's Awakening just felt
very unintuitive I felt clueless a lot
of the time and although I'm used to
feeling like that with like you know
Professor Leon games I'm not quite used
to feeling like this in my normal Zelda
game I love the art style I love the
story and my dad utterly loved this game
from start to finish but I found myself
on a Wiki far too many times to figure
out what on Earth I was doing and too
many times for it to be one of my
favorites next up is Splatoon 3 another
game I say I regret buying an awful lot
and I still stand by it especially now
they've stopped the life support for it
so this means that although the game
will remain live for the foreseeable
future there is going to be no new
content added to the game this is by no
means a bad game they did a lot to
improve this on Splatoon 2 just to me
personally this had lost all of the
magic and I just did not have as much
fun as I used to have with spatoon 2 now
I don't know if this is just that
matchmaking wasn't as good as spatoon 2
or that I am just objectively far worse
at the game Than I Used to Be which is
honestly also a potential but to me I
just found myself playing a couple of
games getting frustrated and leaving
which is not something I had happen
often in Splatoon 2 I used to play that
for hours upon hours and have nothing
but fun with it it got to the point
where even the splatfest just didn't
become that fun for me anymore I don't
know what the magic ingredient is that
Splatoon 3 was missing compared to
Splatoon 2 but I did not get my money's
worth out of this compared to that that
being said because this is a competitive
game and one that requires other people
for you to play it to its fullest I'd
still recommend Splatoon 3 over buying
Splatoon 2 as I believe there's still a
lot more players playing the most recent
game than there is the previous ones
next up is Super Mario Bros wonder I
used to say Platformers weren't for me
but this was so much fun each of the
levels was so wacky i' never know what
would happen whenever I touched that
magical Little Flower and the levels
were so different and so magical that it
always made me want to look and see what
the next level was going to be about and
this somehow struck a balance between
appealing to veteran Platformers and
also new ones like me who aren't all
that incredible to me this is a Nintendo
switch staple and it's hard to not
recommend next we have the my Sims cozy
bundle I spoken about this a lot because
I really enjoyed the My Sims Kingdom I
thought that was a lot of fun the
writing was really witty and the game
play seeing you go around the kingdom
building different items to help people
out was very rewarding and I found
myself constantly interested to see what
the next situation was going to be my
Sims was based off of the same core
gameplay Loop however it didn't really
have any story with it it just kind of
saw you run around and help out some of
the town's people in a very similar
building like mechanic I definitely
preferred My Sims Kingdom to my Sims but
it seems wild to me that a game that
released in 2007 felt fresh and new in
the Cozy gaming scene even to to this
day when cozy gaming is growing year on
year and so long as you're fine with the
graphics that you see here this is still
a game I definitely recommend I had a
lot of fun with it and it's a great time
sync next is p I'm going to be real I
forgot I had this in my collection and I
haven't played it yet which makes me
feel so terrible this looks really cute
though and something that I'll enjoy
especially considering you can play at
two player I have to put this on my
playlist cuz uh I managed to completely
forget I have it then we have these two
games uh my Ranch and Farmers versus
Zombies I picked these up from CX cuz I
thought it was wild that i' never seen
them before turns out there was a reason
I'd never seen them before and that is
that they're both garbage these are
easily some of the worst games I've ever
played on the Nintendo switch this is
kind of almost definitely shovelware it
looks cute from the outside but is just
so unbelievably boring and this is just
a hot mess of a game and even playing
these to get footage for this video was
painful please do not buy them and no
they're not worth buying even to build
up your physical collection next up is
Paper Mario the Thousand Year Door this
was my first ever Paper Mario game and
I'm not sure I ever want to pick up
another one not because this was bad but
because this was such a fantastic game I
can't imagine any other Paper Mario even
living up to this when people said they
loved Paper Mario I never really
understood it I saw the termbase battles
and thought that looks fun but I'm not
sure these games are for me but after
seeing the unbelievable hype there was
when this got announced I decided to
pick it up and I am so glad that I got
swayed by peer pressure even if you put
the combat elements aside this has a
fantastic story and the writing for
every character that you come across is
absolutely incredible and when I say
that I felt like Mario Luigi brothership
was missing something that was the extra
spark that made this Paper Mario an
incredible game this was a game that
kept on surprising me because every time
I thought I'd seen all the mechanics
they'd add something else into it to
make it a little bit different and I'm
glad I could finally say I understand
the hype about Paper Mario a
Thousand-Year Door then we have Fire
Emblem 3 houses this is in my top 10
Nintendo switch games of all time list
which honestly hasn't changed all that
much in the last year which isn't
surprising considering there hasn't
really been any massive Heavy Hitters
come out out for a while I loved every
single aspect there was about this the
combat was a lot of fun this was my
first ever tactical RPG and it
introduced the mechanics well I got to
grips with it and really enjoyed it even
playing in the normal game mode I love
the fact that you got to play as a
school teacher and all of the life Sim
elements that they managed to put in in
between the battles this to me really
solidified my love for each of the
characters and the fact that you were
split up into different houses in the
school made it easier for you to kind of
separate some of the characters out and
put some more time into the ones in your
house so you felt like you had a real
connection and then you have the story
this was absolutely incredible some of
the decisions it gets you to make were
some of the toughest decisions I've ever
had to make and there's some elements of
this that are absolutely brutal but this
made me so involved in the story and so
interested to see how it ends there's
multiple different endings with this as
well meaning that you can get multiple
playthroughs even though a single
playthrough will easily be 50 60 hours
and I love the fact that this has
difficulty levels for those of you who
just want to enjoy the story and not so
much the battling next up we have Kirby
Return to Dreamland this wasn't my
favorite game I didn't find the
platforming all that enjoyable however I
will say my dad had an absolute blast
playing this he's such a sucker for
Platformers honestly so although I
wouldn't personally say it's probably
worth full price on a sale if you love a
platformer you're going to have a blast
with this then I have the first octopath
traveler which as I said earlier this is
a really solid RPG but it isn't as good
as octopath traveler 2o you don't even
have to have played this one to enjoy
the second one so unless you find this
at a really big sale compared to the
second one just buy the second one next
I've got Luigi's Mansion 3 which is one
of the few games I stole from my dad he
bought this one first or maybe I bought
it for him for his birthday he played it
finished it told me how much he loved it
so I borrowed it in definitely and uh I
understand why I loved it this has a ton
of fun elements it's got a good story
it's got Luigi being Luigi it's got some
combat some puzzle solving a little bit
of scary moments in there thrown in
Luigi's Mansion 2 whilst being fun
didn't quite hit the same for me and
considering Nintendo decided to price
them at the exact same price despite one
of them being remake and one of them
being an original game I'd say go for
Luigi's Mansion 3 over two I'd also go
so far as to say I think Luigi's Mansion
3 is actually a staple on the switch
it's just one of those games where I
just had an absolute Blast from start to
finish and the more I think about it the
more I have to recommend it then we have
breath of the wild not only is this in
my top 10 Nintendo switch games of all
time this is probably actually in my top
three I can't name many games i' would
play through multiple times from start
to finish but this was one of them and
sometimes when I have a game which I
absolutely love I actually really
struggle to finish it I just find myself
not wanting my favorite games to end so
I'll do whatever I can to just not
finish it this just had everything I was
looking for in a game and so much more
as not only did I have a lot of fun
exploring the world and finding all of
the secrets I love the mix between
combat and puzzles and most of of all I
absolutely loved the story and the fact
that there were proper cutscenes with
voice acting just added an extra element
that I felt has been missing from other
Zelda games and despite not playing this
in a couple of years this is a game that
stuck with me throughout that time this
is another more recent purchase that I
haven't really played much of and that's
Persona 5 tactica I don't have a lot to
say it was pricey though so I need to
see if it's worth the money but I'll let
you know when I've put some serious
hours into it I love the Persona
franchise one of my favorites Persona 5
reloaded being in my top 10 switch games
list I find tactical games are a bit Hit
or Miss for me so I haven't really
bitten the bullet and gotten around to
playing this now that's all the games I
found the boxes for but I actually keep
all of my Nintendo switch games in here
so there are a few that are missing
their box one of which is Animal
Crossing I don't think words can fully
describe my love for Animal Crossing
this is a game that I completely adored
and during the pandemic this was a game
that absolutely saved me this gave me a
routine when I felt absolutely lost and
it's hard to describe just how much it
meant to me that every day I went into
the game and the villagers told me how
happy they were to see me and how much
fun they had whenever I was around this
was also the only way I could hang out
with my friends would sit in a voice
chat for hours and hang out in each
other's Islands Wishing on shooting
stars together and even decorating
different areas of our Islands so we
could come and visit and comment on how
much we loved it and Animal Crossing
still to this day is one of my comfort
games and even at over 2,000 hours which
is what I'm sat at right now I can still
find myself logging in occasionally
checking in on my Island and one of the
things I was really excited for when the
switch 2 was announced and the fact that
it was announced being backwards
compatible was the realization that this
meant I could start a brand new Animal
Crossing Island on a different console
then we have Pokémon shield now the way
Pokémon works is basically my brother
will text me which version of Pokemon
he's buying and then it's my job to buy
the other one even though I'm the eldest
sibling I never really got the eldest
sibling advantages it was always it was
always down to him now I have a lot of
love for Pokémon Shield even though the
story wasn't my favorite as this was the
game that got me back into shiny hunting
and honestly I think this was the reason
I fully fell in love with it so I
already have some pretty decent hours in
this I love the fact that you could see
the Pokémon in the wild areas just out
and about living their life and this was
really the pre cursor to the fully open
world game that is Pokémon scarlet and
violet and honestly I hate the fact that
Pokémon sword and shield got me back
into Pokémon even though I had been
playing it on my game boy and my DS and
3DS because now I'm completely obsessed
with Pokémon cards and I collect those
and so Pokémon sword and shield really
has affected me financially I also have
zener Blade Chronicles 2 as a physical
this is a game I love but zener Blade
Chronicles 3 I think is even better and
I think Zen Blade Chronicles 2o gets a
lot of hate which it doesn't deserve I
always tell people if they're looking
for the best games on the Nintendo
switch then turn to the zener blades
because they will deliver in ways you
couldn't even imagine now I will say
zener Blade Chronicles 3 is the one
thing I feel like I'm missing from my
collection there was a really special Li
limited edition set that you could buy
that I wasn't quick enough getting to
and that I think is one of the things
that I most need to finish off my
collection because it is such a special
game to me that story destroyed me in
the best way I was blubbering but zener
Blade Chronicles 2 is also a fantastic
game the difference between two and
three is two is a bit more anime so it
can be a little bit more cringy at times
but both are some pretty hardcore
stories that will get you to feel the
whole range of emotions but two will
just have you cringing a little bit more
at some of the dialogue the thing that's
truly well to me about the zener Blade
Chronicles series though is how
different each of the games are I've
just started playing zener Blade
Chronicles and that again has such a
different vibe to two and three I'm also
currently about five or so hours into
zener Blade Chronicles X and again this
is so different to all of the other
games that I've played so far the only
thing I'm struggling about zener Blade
Chronicles X so far is the fact that
you're kind of a silent protagonist
whereas in all the other three games you
play as a character who says a lot and
does a lot but of course as this is Zeno
blade I'm going to hold my judgment till
I am way further into the game as if
there's one thing you can count on zener
blade for is delivering an incredible
story and I truly hope X is going to be
the same but if you're in the search for
a fantastic story go watch each of the
three trailers figure out which one is
more your Vibe start with that one and
go from there I also start own Mario
Golf this is such a regret I barely play
it I think I played this once before I
found out that it just wasn't really my
thing the golfing mechanic was fun and
pretty solid I just never really went
back to it there's not a lot of games
that I feel like were a complete waste
of my money that one was full price and
definitely was I also have super smash
Bros I got in a lot of trouble with this
when I said I regretted buying it I want
to preface this by saying I do regret it
but that doesn't mean it's a bad game it
just means it was no longer the game for
me I really enjoy playing Super Smash
Bros on GameCube on the Wii however I
just didn't really pick up super smash
BOS ultimate all that much so for me it
wasn't worth the money it doesn't mean
it's a bad game it just means I didn't
spend my money wisely next is YouTubers
life too
this is another game that's flown under
a lot of people's Radars and it was
actually to me a really fun game this is
kind of a life Sim with a little bit of
a difference as instead of going around
the town Romancing people even farming
or doing those sorts of things instead
you're trying to become a famous
YouTuber SL Liv streamer and this will
see you do everything your favorite
YouTubers do you wake up you check the
trends you go out and buy the newest
released console or game you sit down
and you record content and film and you
even get to attend the local conventions
as well but on top of all of this
there's also a really wacky story that
sees you saving the world somewhere in
between as well the gameplay Loop is a
lot of fun pretty rewarding as you see
your videos get more views you get more
money to upgrade your gear and even move
to a bigger and better house to fill
more content in I don't see why more
people don't talk about it especially
considering it had a huge free up dat a
year or so after release and it's often
on sale so that's when I tend to
recommend it the most next is the 51
worldwide games game I actually think
this is a little bit underrated as I've
spent a long time playing this with
family and friends now even though these
are board games or games that you could
easily play at home the really nice
thing about this is the way in which it
tells you how to play now if you're
someone who's experienced in trying to
play board games with other people
especially people who don't play as many
board games as you do you may know some
of the most tedious parts of playing
them is actually trying to explain to
other people how to play but with this
the rules and how to play are not only
told to you but also visually
demonstrated and this meant that after I
kind of played a couple of the games
that I knew about I then went and played
some games that I never heard of or I
didn't know how to play because it was
just so accessible this also has a
couple of more fun and traditional party
games that you're used to seeing on the
switch which is a lovely Edition and you
can play this with up to four players in
person or allar online as well this is
one of those games that just comes out
at Christmas time and commonly goes on
sale so I highly recommend it if you
find it for a good price the final
physical game in my collection is
Warrior wear get it together this was
not the Warrior wear that I knew or
loved from the Wii generation as this
had no motion controls in it whatsoever
this was purely just using a controller
traditionally to do each of the levels
which I didn't enjoy nearly as much as
the old Warrior wear that got you to do
wild things with theem motion controls
this burnt me so bad I didn't actually
play the brand new Warrior Weare game
which I have heard does use motion
controls but that one to me was a
complete waste of time so that's my
physical done time to just delve a
little bit in to my Digital Collection
now one of the biggest things in
Nintendo switch did for me is between
some of the bigger launches when I was
looking to buy some more games to fill
my time I started diving into indie
games for the very first time and this
is when I discovered my love for them
the main issue though with being a
collector and falling in love with Indie
Games is the fact that a vast majority
of them will never come out physically
and despite the fact that I have been on
the lookout for some of my favorite
indie games on the switch as physicals a
large bunch of them were either limited
time releases or now way too expensive
to even consider but as as you can see
this is just touching the surface of
some of the games that I have digitally
but I think given the length of this
video we'll go through my Digital
Collection in a whole separate video
dedicated to that cuz there are so many
games to go through but that's it you've
got to see a glimpse of my 100 and plus
game collection that I currently have
right now both physical and digital and
if you want to see me rank every single
Nintendo switch game I played in 2024
click this video here