Ladies and gentlemen, my goodness. My my
goodness. 60 seconds. Well, uh here I am
doing the direct and there's a mopet
outside the window, but the Nintendo
Switch to the the first sort of direct
around it. It's been announced and all
that jazz. But, uh yeah, there's also a
bingo on this. I haven't really looked
over it, but we'll see it soon. I'm
streaming this in OBS, by the way. No
XSplit. Um, mainly because the computer
was like blue screening and doing all
sorts of weird [ __ ] when I was trying to
capturing this in the screen region. So,
it's pure OBS now. If it looks like dog
[ __ ] you know why. But, uh, here we go
everybody. I have no expectations as
usual. However, I will say this, seeing
more Prime stuff would be cool. Um, you
know, Cozy Farming Simulator, wonderful,
you know,
uh, Joel cany promise. Gex Gex
confirmed. Gex confirmed. Gex confirmed.
Okay. Um, but I would like to see
Miiamoto come out. All right. Here we
go. Here we go. Here we go. All right.
Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm ready. I'm ready.
Okay. Mature 17. Okay.
Okay. U Oh,
[Music]
sorry. Wow. Look at these graphics, man.
[Music]
Okay, look at that smooth commercial
jazz playing. I love it.
[Music]
Okay, lay it on me, man.
Okay, Mario Kart. Mario Kart, let's see
that Donkey Kong. Let's see that
wonderful, wonderful Donkey Kong.
Get down old farm.
Okay, my main
man. Okay. Is that Kalamari desert? I'm
not sure. All right. Now we can see
Donkey Kong in 4K,
8K.
Um, do you have a bar at the bottom? Can
you stretch into the video on full
screen? I don't know how to do that on
OBS.
Okay. I I think they've Oh, there's my
donkey. I think they've like made the
characters a little more like
cartoonified this
time. You know what I mean? Like they
scrunched them up a little
[Music]
bit. That's that familiar
guitar. Okay. Okay. Lamar looks good. We
got a little bit of grinding Tony Hawk
style.
Okay. All
right. I like the jams here,
man. Okay.
Okay. Sick new face. I can't wait to
play as a cowboy
Luigi. Oh my goodness. And they're doing
the the whole thing about the Super
Princess Peach or
whatever. Looks good. Looks good.
Magikoopa Wizard
Himer. Oh, I can't wait to get pissed
off at this game playing with my
friends. Marco World worms Armageddon
Worms World Party. All
right. Hey, boys. Hello everyone. I'm
Koichi Kamoto. Okay. And I'll be one of
your guides for today's Nintendo Direct.
Right. I'm the producer for Nintendo
Switch 2. All right. I'm Takuhiro Dota,
the director for Nintendo Switch. I love
that game. Love my moasu. And I'm Tetsia
Sasaki, the hardware design lead for
Nintendo Switch. This dub is terrible.
The mouth isn't [ __ ] matching at all.
What you just saw was Mario Kart World,
launching exclusively on Nintendo Switch
2. Uh-huh. Now, what do you think this
brand new Mario Kart game will be like?
Looks tight.
Okay.
[Music]
A new entry in the Mario Kart series is
launching exclusively on the Nintendo
Switch 2 system.
Welcome to this vast world.
Sort of a thing like that.
Look at my my guy, you know, and weather
conditions. Oh [ __ ] Pimp. Straight
pimping out here. Okay.
Okay. Definitely more of a cartoony
style to this. In this Mario Kart game,
you can go off the racetrack and drive
virtually everywhere in this game.
What? Okay.
In the classic Grand Prix, race through
four courses in a bid for first place.
Okay. But don't sleep at the wheel.
You'll also drive to the next course as
part of the competition.
With 24 drivers in each race, the Bowser
man, the competition is gearing up.
Metal Bowser. Is that Jack Black?
Introducing.
Okay. Race non-stop from one corner of
the world to another.
Okay. Drive to America. There are
multiple checkpoints along the way. You
can do anything shown. When you hit a
checkpoint, you'll be eliminated. See
that concrete? You can drive on it. Can
you make it all the way to the finish
line?
Uh, not
online. Mug. Mug moment. You can also
freely drive around this vast world in
free roam. Okay. Yeah. All right.
Oh god, I can't wait to drive. Explore
new areas and routes. Holy [ __ ] Golden
Mario, man.
Holy [ __ ] it's DJ, man. Also go for
scenic drives with friends. Oh, and even
take photos together at different
locations. Me and my boys pulling
up. Oh, [ __ ] We
flying, guys. It's Diddy Kong racing.
Holy
[ __ ] It's [ __ ] Diddy Kong racing.
Holy [ __ ] man. A brand new race across
the entire world starts here. Oh my god.
Mario Kart World. The game launches on
the same day as Nintendo Switch 2. Oh,
need to. More details about this title
will I thought that was the release
date. I'm like, "Holy shit." World
Direct, so be on the lookout for more
information in the future. All right.
Oh, well, [ __ ] man. Color me excited.
Mario Kart World launches on the same
day as Nintendo Switch 2.
We'll share more details in the future,
so we hope you're looking forward to it.
I sure am, man. Oh, yes. Diddy Kong
Racing. I love it. Next, we'd like to
introduce some of the new features of
Nintendo Switch 2. Okay, these are the
Joy-Con 2 controllers for Switch 2.
Joycon trademark 2. And on the right
Joycon 2, we've added a new C button.
Uh, well, I I clearly am seeing it.
Let's take a look at some new
experiences it offers. Okay, we've add
another button that you can press. Okay,
what does it actually do? Blow me away,
Nintendo.
alone.
Oh, she's going to clone herself. All of
you guys. Mitosis.
Together.
That was me. Is that Discord? So quick.
What the What the [ __ ] is that? Bootleg
Discord. No, no, no.
Nick, I'm coming for you. There's an
audio delay. Yeah, you can blame OBS for
this.
Introducing Game Chat, a new feature for
Nintendo Switch 2. What the No. Can you
hear me? It's Oh my goodness. They made
a goddamn Discord for [ __ ] Switch 2.
You'll be able to communicate with
friends and family while playing a game.
Oh,
okay. No one's going to use this, man.
Maybe while using the game chat feature,
your voice is recognized by a microphone
built into the system. Oh, okay. But
you're still behind me, right? Wow, I
can't wait for the awesome audio. It can
pick up your speaking voice clearly,
even from distance. Okay.
All right, let's keep going. Oh, I love
I love that kitties feature on Discord
that you know that that everybody uses
and it works. Letting you chat with
ease. How did you get hit by a boat? Oh,
yeah. Right, dude. Does look beautiful.
It's And you can use this feature in
handheld mode, too. Connect did this and
it sucked. Friends and
family. If you open the chat. Wow. It
literally is Discord on game screen
sharing. Hey, good job. Well, I mean
neat if you don't have Discord, I guess,
but also share your game screen. Did you
see someone just like go on top of that
audio? I can do that. I can do it. You
guys, I just did it. I want to do it. Uh
oh, shoot.
So, COD kids are going to drop hard
here.
Oh, no.
You guys look at that FPS down at the
bottom.
You chat to your heart's content even
games. Yeah, I know that one. It's so
hard, right, dude? Gaming. Who the [ __ ]
is playing balloon fight? Lava is is
having sex right now, man. Okay, we got
it. We're safe. We're safe. Lava, dude.
Dude, star. That's so cute. So cute. All
right, dog. Dude, that guy's right
though. I want to befriend that guy,
man.
Wow, guys. So, is that honestly
impressive for Nintendo?
or expand another friend's game screen.
Wow, that looks fantastic. That two FPS
PowerPoint on lockdown. It's just like
the wall like if she gets past. So Joel,
now you can play Enter Sandman on it.
Okay,
everyone can watch them play. Oh, I
think I I think I know where you are. I
think I know where you are. Wait, wait,
wait, wait. Okay. Well, I think we have
graphics look good on this game. I guess
I can extrapolate that. Let's take a
picture here. Okay. Are you ready?
Smile. Oh [ __ ] Look at Mario. He f the
boy. Oh, yo, that's sick. I like your
pose, Meeks. On the right Joycon 2
controller, there's an additional
button. With the C button, you can pop
the chat menu. Genuine question. Oh,
dang. A really,
do you think this will actually be used?
I'll be right back. Yeah. Oh, yeah. For
people that actually have a
capt and easily mute yourself and more.
And there's this. Uhoh. Uhoh. By
connecting this camera to the system.
Shenanigans. Shenanigans.
Hey, what's up? Hello. Oh boy. Can't
wait for nude Mario, man. Hi. How's
everyone doing guys? The Nintendo
surveillance camera is video chat while
playing a game. your faces on here.
Guys, imagine playing Mario and a little
infant toddler shows up on the camera go
and you're like, "Get out of my C
button."
Can you wait for me? Xbox Uno is back.
Forward to games which use your camera
feed like this. The only thing I give a
[ __ ] about is if does the camera allow
you to face face cam uh yourself into
the games? Warriorware [ __ ] That's what
I care about. Using game chat
even play games and hang out as if you
were together in the same music is so
[ __ ] generic. Play together or
compete in online multiplay sound
library. Happy commercial too. Chat
while playing your personal favorites.
It's like a ukulele and ting ting ting
[ __ ] rules for that NPC music
or hold a sports competition between
this is like Tik Tok scam music all
together anytime anywhere. Welcome to my
sheet store. Get the credit cards here.
What did you think? I was in developing
game chat. Our goal was for you to enjoy
playing online with others more closely
including family and friends. I mean, I
guess neat for people that like don't
know how to like use Discord or doesn't
want to do it. I guess the camera you
saw in the trailer is the Nintendo
Switch 2 camera.
It will be available on the same day as
Switch 2.
Neat. Nintendo Switch online membership.
If it's more than $50, no. However,
since we'd like as many people as
possible to experience Game Chat, it
will be available without a membership
for a limited time.
We hope you'll try it out. $1,000.
Additionally, game chats the Nintendo
controls and different settings can be
adjusted. For example, parental
permission is always required when a
child wants to use game. Listen, listen.
Uh Bowser Jr. going online screaming a
bunch of [ __ ] insults and horrible
experience you can share with family and
friends.
Oh, [ __ ] On Nintendo Switch, even if
you just have one game. I really enjoy
that 52 worldwide game to a friend and
play
together. But does it have connect on
multiple systems using just one game
with game share? Oh, neat. This will
work for people that are literally next
to Oh, [ __ ] one person. But if you go
from like Australia to like Norway,
boom, you are done. Okay. Or a Nintendo
Switch system like DS download or
whatever it was called.
Game Share also supports online play
with other Switch 2 systems. Guys, I
can't wait to play like Mario Online. No
delay, no latency. Game share can only
be used with compatible games. This
clubhouse several titles starting with a
free update for Clubhouse Games 51
Worldwide. I am glad that this [ __ ] is
backwards compatible cuz just for a
moment, I was thinking I got to reby all
that stuff. But
no, so we hope you'll look forward to
it. Up next, someone said, "I'm sure
people in Sudon will be thrilled." We'd
like to show you the Nintendo Switch 2
system itself.
Please take a look. All right, here we
go. Okay, bigger screen, same thickness.
At 7.9 in, Switch 2 has a bigger
built-in screen. Here's a lot of inches,
man. A Nintendo Switch. The girthness
remains the same.
Wow. With approximately double the
pixels compared to Switch, you can enjoy
games in greater detail. We got that up
screen.
[Music]
I wonder if I can actually tell a
difference in
person. 120 FPS. God damn, man. Up to
120 frames per second, allowing for
smoother gameplay in supported titles.
But what is frame rate and what is
effect? Okay. The LCD screen is more
vivid and supports HDR providing more
contrast between light and dark areas of
the images.
Wow. Magnets.
New Joycon 2 controllers connect
magnetically. Strong magnets keep the
controllers firmly attached to the
system. I was told that like magnets
destroy uh you know technology breaking
Benjamin you know they told me that
this music is so [ __ ] corporate
generic are bigger for greater comfort
and control when playing with a Joy-Con
2 held horizontally. Okay, if you ever
play it that way you are at a major
disadvantage even on the Switch. Left
and right sticks are now larger. That's
good. That's good. Mouse controls, huh?
Each Joycon 2 controller can be used as
a mouse to play. That's what the purpose
was. It wasn't just left and right to
support mouse controls. Okay.
By adjusting the audio balance between
the ranges, sounds from the built-in
speakers are clearer and more natural in
handheld and tabletop modes. Okay.
Tabletop Joy's Castle. It has a built-in
microphone so you can voice chat with
friends anytime via game chat. So that
uh that'll be really cool with RTS noise
cancelling technology to filter sounds
so your voice will come through clearly.
Okay. Okay. They given me a lot of like
ideas here and promises, but I don't
know if it's going to work out in
practice. I'm skeptical. Games can be
enjoyed with more immersive
three-dimensional sound as it were
coming from all around you. Be noodle
beat.
Okay. Eye dosing
confirmed. 8D audio. Place your Nintendo
Switch 2 however you like with a large
sturdy stand. Okay. Okay. You can move
it freely like this.
Two USB ports you said. Wow. For like
super loading. In addition to the USBC
port found on the bottom of the system,
there's one on top as well. Okay.
for it's handy for connecting a USBC
camera but doesn't do supercharge or
charging in tabletop mode.
Oh, I see. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Neato. Good. Nintendo Switch 2 comes
with 256 GB of internal storage, 8 times
that of Nintendo Switch for storing game
downloads, save data, and more. Okay.
Reading and writing data is also faster.
Nice. Nice. 4K support. Really? Okay.
Use the Nintendo Switch 2 doc to connect
to your TV and enable up to 4K
resolution for compatible games. Right.
HDR is also supported in TV mode. I
can't wait to see Super Mario 1 on NES
in like
16K. Fan ventilation.
The Nintendo Switch 2 Dock has a
built-in fan that keeps your system
cool. This helps keep performance
stable.
But I can't wait to feel the
breeze. Good. This was the best part. On
Nintendo Switch 2, you can play Nintendo
Switch 2 games as well as compatible
Nintendo Switch games. Physical and
digital games are supported. Good. Good.
Well, how many? I I'm a little
skeptical. I'm I'm not going to be like,
"Yes, the best thing
ever." Not all of them. Not all of them.
Not all of
them. All right.
As you just saw, Nintendo Switch 2 isn't
simply an improved Nintendo Switch.
Well, I mean, redesigned the system from
the ground up and packed in lots of new
gameplay features. Yeah. And to help
players better understand the Switch 2
hardware, we're currently developing The
only lava stuff doesn't work for obvious
reasons. Mr. Kawamoto.
What up, man? Hello. My current green
screen potential is actually inside the
game itself. Oh [ __ ] This is Nintendo
Switch 2 welcome tour. Ah, it's got the
uh, you know, uh, the PlayStation guy.
What's What's his name? I'm standing
over here. Astrobot. Okay, everyone,
join me inside the game.
Okay. There are a lot of question mark
icons here. Let's examine Mario's
playroom. What are magnets? This sign
reads, "Where are the magnets?" I don't
want to talk to a scientist. They be
lying attached to the system with
magnets and magnets are inside the
system.
So the dub sounds like the words buttons
on the Joycon 2 are made. So the guy is
like the son's a deadly laser. So that's
how they attach to the system.
A magnetic circuit is formed between
them so they won't easily detach.
Okay.
Rumble. Through examining signs like
these, you can discover all sorts of
secrets about Nintendo Switch 2. Another
example, the joy. Nintendo tour will be
available later today for Switch.
Combined with the gyroscopes, you can
even do something like this.
Oh,
[ __ ] Aim for the cup by rotating the
Joycon, too. Oh [ __ ]
Okay. By combining the mouse controls
and gyroscopes, things like this are
possible. Oh my goodness. I can't wait
to play like albino black sheep games on
this spank.
Wow. Okay. Some of the secrets range
from the unique features of the system
to tiny details you might not notice
until they're come back. Come back to
life.
Nintendo Switch 2 Welcome Tour will
launch as a paid digital game on the
same day as Nintendo Switch. Why is it
paid? So, please check it out if you're
interested. Why?
Now, I'd like to share some more
information regarding Nintendo Switch.
Ah, yes. My tech demo. Why? This is the
game card for Nintendo Switch 2 titles.
No way. It's the same shape as Nintendo
Switch game cards. We didn't just
improve it. It's different. And it has
much faster data reading speeds.
Okay, next up is additional storage.
Only work with micro SD Express cards
$14.99 a month. They're a different type
of SD card and will make high-speed data
transfers possible. Okay,
Nintendo SD card. Please regular micro
SD cards used for Nintendo Switch will
not be compatible. Well, obviously, but
additionally, to transfer data from
Switch to Switch 2, you can log into
your Nintendo account to use the system
transfer feature. With this feature, you
can transfer save data, digital games,
and more. All right. Oh, here it is.
We're also releasing a new Pro
Controller. Mhm. It has a C button which
launches game chat. And on the back,
there are new GL and GR buttons which
you can use to assign existing button
controls. Okay.
In addition, an audio jack has been
added. We've introduced a few new
features, and after today's
presentation, the official Nintendo
Switch 2 website will go live. There
will also be an Ask the Developer
article on the website, where the three
of us will talk about the development of
Nintendo Switch 2, which will available
for digital download for only 14.99
launch date.
All right, here we go. Nintendo Switch,
tell us. Nintendo Switch 2 launches on
June 5th. Oh, we're very much looking
forward to the day when you all get to
experience it. [ __ ] that's tomorrow,
man. No, my upload schedule it might be.
Now,
broadly speaking, okay, on Nintendo
Switch 2, you can play three types of
games. Three? Yes, three games. The
first type is Nintendo Switch 2 games.
Okay. These games take advantage of the
performance and features of Switch 2.
All right. The second type is compatible
released on Nintendo Switch. All right.
Nintendo Switch 2 edition games are
prediction. I'm going to drop the
GameCube on the [ __ ] thing at some
games that were released on Switch will
receive is going to be in the [ __ ]
thing. I'm getting my hopes up. Unique
ways to play on Switch 2 and more.
Okay. Now, I'd like to show you the
Nintendo Switch 2 edition of Super Mario
Party Jamberee.
Please take a look. Right.
This is like the delay. I hear the
delay. Thanks. Mario Party Jamberee is
getting an upgrade on Nintendo Switch 2.
Hey, is that Mike's game show? The
upgrade expands on the base game and
adds new features including Did you play
this? Yeah, play with the V simple clips
and micro
audio recognition. Uhoh.
More expressive rumble.
And gameplay that uses a camera
accessory. Okay. All of which can be
accessed on Switch
2. Let's check out three new and updated
modes. This is choice your voice, man.
First up is Mario Party mode. With a
single camera, up to four players can
join the festivities.
Wonderful. That's what I was talking
about. So you wonderful reactions and Oh
yeah, that's what I'm talking about. Or
four friends can take the party online.
Someone said Tik Tok voice.
Up
next, a mode where the livelier team
wins. [ __ ] will bring you on stage to
[ __ ] off. to collect the most coins.
Finally, you can see me
play and compete in other mini games
using full body movement and sound. Wow.
Wow. This is this
is the mouse controlled carnival coaster
with the safety bar lowered and secured.
You're off. Go
guys. There are people losing their
minds over this cartwheel. You feel the
bumps and rumbles of the They're
literally crying as they're seeing this
and they like sit there just when you
enter scream at TV. Thank you. Thank
you. There's a bouldering game where two
players each control an arm and one
where you shoot. Guys, I can't wait to
not use tag objects.
Spray pe. Enjoy the thrill of these
intuitive mini games. How quickly can
you reach the station? So, it's like an
upgrade.
The built-in microphone. Guys, I've
always enjoyed the Toy Back. The biggest
party yet is getting even bigger. Super
Mario Party Jamberee Nintendo Switch 2
Edition plus Jamberee TV launches on
Nintendo Switch 2 July 24th. 2 months
after the thing comes out. Ah, Nintendo
Switch. They need to make a big impact
immediately. I don't know how business
works, but I'm saying get the shotgun
blast in concentrated. All right. Plus,
Jamberee TV by purchasing an upgrade
pack. An upgrade pack, you say? Please
look forward to a new Mario Party
experience where you can see each
other's reactions while playing. Hi, Toy
Online. Let's continue presenting some
more Nintendo Switch 2 edition games.
Okay, let's see it. Okay. Okay, let's
see here. Finally, the bike is back.
Nintendo Switch 2 editions of The Legend
of Zelda: Breath of the Wild and The
Legend of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom.
But can people transfer their 800,000
hours back into this version then?
And also support HDR, which makes the
image more vibrant, so you can play with
smoother, higher definition graphics.
Can't tell if the graphics look better
or not.
Plus, Zelda notes. You can get even more
out of your adventures in Hyrule using
Zelda notes. Uh,
this new feature can be accessed via the
Nintendo Switch app on smart devices.
Buy the game again. It's a game specific
service that's exclusive to the Switch 2
editions of these titles. Why? For
example, it can help guide you to
various locations like shrines you
haven't found yet. Guidance activating.
Okay. Proceed north.
Um, have has Nintendo ever heard of a
actual phone? Or you can share your
creations using QR codes and send them
to another player to create in their
game. Okay, I guess. Why can't we do
that
online? Finally, Google Maps for
Hyrule. Someone said, "I can't wait to
emulate this shit." Features will make
your adventures even more enjoyable,
right?
[Applause]
Oh, [ __ ] Kirby. Here it comes. Violence
engage and the Forgotten Land. You'll be
able to enjoy an additional story
exclusive to the Nintendo Switch 2
edition along with improved graphics and
frame rates. They got to bring back
American Kirby. I need him pissed off.
This story takes place in the Forgotten
Land after being struck by a powerful
meteor that's causing some mysterious
changes. Guys, after how many years of
the Switch? Finally, graphics to Kirby's
new adventure.
But is it justified to buy a game again?
Metroid Prime 4 and beyond will have
both a Nintendo Switch and a Nintendo
Switch 2 edition. Of course. Naturally.
Naturally. That's what we all
knew. I'm guessing this is Switch 2
version. In addition to standard
controls, you can use mouse controls for
intuitive gameplay on Switch 2.
I know I'm being overtly critical, but
that's what they call this [ __ ] in 4K at
60 frames per second or enjoy smoother
action in full HD at 120 frames per
second. What? Huh? Choose from these two
modes, both of which support HDR based
on your preference and play style.
Uhhuh. Plus, Pokemon Legends ZA, which
is scheduled to launch later, will not
only receive a Nintendo Switch version.
Nintendo would do this. If you own a
Switch and you own the original game and
you have a Nintendo membership, shit's
free to upgrade. You think Nintendo
could even conceive of the idea and
frame rates?
Never. No. The Nintendo Switch 2 Edition
games you just saw will be available as
both physical and digital versions.
Okay. Someone said that doesn't prank
money. If you already own the Nintendo
Switch version of a game, you can play
the Nintendo Switch 2 Edition by
purchasing an upgrade pack. Okay. We
hope you're looking forward to these
Nintendo Switch 2 edition games. I mean,
it's still paid, but how much? I'd like
to introduce a brand new game featuring
mouse controls with the Joy-Con 2
controllers.
Hire pixels. Yeah. Well, yeah, that's
what video games
are. Okay, let's see what we got
here. Finally, Counter
Strike. Wait, DJ [ __ ] DJ Hero is back,
boys.
Uh, what is
this? F-Zero
back.
Uh-huh. Is it Is this What is it? Murder
ball. Drag and drive.
Okay. So, this is like Rocket
League. Ready? I I I
guess. Yeah. This is This
is I guess
uh so they carpal tunnel the
game. Somebody chat said happy wheels.
For [ __ ] sake, guys.
Joe Swanson gaming. Can you shut the
[ __ ]
up for
[Music]
[ __ ] this
man?
[Music]
Okay. All right. Well, I mean, the game
looks neat. I
guess you can flip. It's a little Tony
Hawk isms, but I mean, this is more like
Rocket League, really.
Neat. I guess in Dragon Drive, you'll
use both Joycon 2 controllers as mice to
intuitively pull off various moves.
Isn't it mouses? We hope you're looking
forward to a new twist on threeon-ree
matches using dual mouse controls. All
right.
Next, here are some games from our
publishing and development partners
coming stuck in my eye. [ __ ] sake.
Okay. Okay. Elden Ring Lands
between. I mean, neat. I guess this
world is in dire need of repair.
What if they announced ad ring 2
exclusive for Switch 2? I think people
would actually like tear off each
other's heads. They guide you through
your burden. You know, I might actually
buy this for the Switch 2 so I can like
uh experience this game like off stream
and just play it while I have something
to do. You know, it was it felt like a
huge time investment on the PC. I'm like
I wasn't ready yet. You will become
Elder Lord.
May you take the throne.
I thought I said trash edition. I
couldn't read because of the [ __ ]
text on on the light.
Hey, I'm Greg Cassavin from Super Giant
Games. Here to say that Hades 2 is
coming to Nintendo Switch 2. Our first
ever sequel introduces the Princess of
the Dead, an immortal witch out to
vanquish the sinister Titan of Times. I
had so many copies of this game to give
out during the Christmas giveaway.
getting to know dozens of and I I have
still have like no idea what this is
this like Diablo or what is this set
back in victory. It's the kind of game
you can quickly pick up and play whether
you're experienced with the original or
not. Look for more about a good game.
It's a rogike. Okay. I never played
it. What's up big
man? Oh, okay. All right.
Guys, what about
Tekken? Oh, [ __ ] dude. Mash real
confirmed. Yes. One,
two. All right, I guess I can show Yuki
with my actual mouse, you
know. I really hope that the Arsenal
boot sequence weapon safety mechanism
confirmed. All operating at normal
levels. Testing data link with spine.
Normal. Commencing launch.
After long wars where our freedom was
restricted. Is this vanquish? Being
liberated from humans. Armor course 7.
Need of a new arsenal, new equipment and
money. Arsenal gear for sale and you're
buying. Rebel.
Whoever did the sound mixing on this did
a good job.
The I got you back will be ours.
The sovereign vomit blast. The Trinitas
has almost completed a weapon that was
created to destroy all of humanity. No,
because we're in the middle of a war.
You get it. I won't just stop you. Tear
you apart.
All children. Oh, yeah. I remember this
lives, don't they? Guys, you you can pet
the the the dog. Hey, this is Joseph
from Hazley.
decided for Split Fiction to come to
Nintendo Switch, too.
Friendship. You play as Mio, who writes
sci-fi, and Zoe, who writes fantasy.
Together, they get trapped in their own
stories. I think they have to police
this guy not to drink again and start
swearing in English again. It's like,
no, Joseph, you have to be professional
this time. [ __ ] the Oscars. This one,
trust me. And of course, you'll be able
to play. Guys, it's not the first of
April anymore. You can stop in Swedish
now. Talk
English. At EA Sports, we're bringing
fans together across the world, both on
the pitch and on the grid iron. We're
excited. What was that? What was that
football game they had where you can
crush nuts and they show an X-ray where
seaman would explode out of a destroyed
testy sack? EA Sports Blitz. Holy [ __ ]
man. Hi, I'm Alan from Avalanche
Software. We are bringing Hogwarts
Legacy to Nintendo Switch 2 with
enhanced graphics and seamless world
transitions.
You'll be Listen, there's so many
goddamn Harry Potter games. Where's my
Lord of the Rings [ __ ] Oh, yeah. Golem.
And the new mouse controls on Switch 2
give you even more ways to experience
the adventure. Harry Potter.
Discover the enhanced magic when
Hogwarts Legacy launch day as Switch 2.
Oh, Captain. Oh my goodness. What?
And VA muted.
I am.
All right. You know, you guys remember
Tony Hawk Pro Skater 5 or whatever that
[ __ ] was? Um, this franchise is not
doing great and that's why they're
re-releasing the old
games. Three and four suck dick. I liked
I like four a
lot. I I think my favorite though I have
like the worst Tony Hawk taste.
Literally Tony Hawk Pro Skater 1 on N64.
I played with my friends and I was just
did our ramps and [ __ ] and I'm like this
is the best game from IO Interactive.
We are bringing Spongebob flagship title
Hitman World of Assassination to
Nintendo World
of Assassin in the trade. Agent 47 does
everything he can to accomplish his
mission. Guys, I hate streaming this
window in OBS. I literally cannot do any
bits. I can't even move the window.
God, I miss it. Game will release on the
same day as Switch 2. Bald bald. Plus,
we are excited to bring another familiar
to the platform. I just heard it. Oh
[ __ ] Okay.
How it's made
guns. Is it going to be Golden
Eye 8?
Oh
snap. It's going to be Gex. It's going
to be Gex. It's going to be Gex. It's
going to be
Vex. Sex. James Bond. The world's
favorite spy is coming to Nintendo
Switch 2. Oh my goodness. Holy [ __ ]
Okay. The story of light and shadow that
never fades. Reverse
bravely. Is this Final Fantasy goddamn
mind in high definition? No, no, it's
not. What is this?
This is bravely default. Okay, sorry. I
got my hopes up there for a second.
Change and customize jobs to build out
your very own party. Your very own
adventure with upgraded features and
advancements and all new mini games.
Guys, I I'm noticing I'm noticing
there's a distinct lack of coy form
games. Presents the classic fantasy RPG.
I don't know how I feel about this.
Default flying fairy. Don't jinx it.
Don't jinx it. Don't jinx it. Don't jinx
it. Don't jinx it in dark as a warrior
of light once more. I thought it said
Nintendo's available on Nintendo Switch
2 available
today. Oh [ __ ] My boy. My
boy. Finally, I get to play
this director's cut. Maybe I should play
the original
first. I had such a weird chronology of
playing this. I played Kiwami first,
which is a remake of the first game.
which people say is like not how you're
meant to do it. So, I did it wrong.
We'll have more games to show from our
publishing and development partners, but
for now, we'd like to show a game being
developed in collaboration with
Nintendo. Please take a look.
I don't know. I have to blow my socks
off soon. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. Ah, game
studios. Oh, snap. We got [ __ ] uh
tears of the kingdom uh who descended
from the heavens. Dynasty wars joined
hands with the Hilians who dwelled on
the surface. Zela warriors. Union led to
a great and prosperous kingdom.
Well, but in time a terrible evil
arose, an ancient evil. A war was fought
to vanquish this evil. One which future
generations would call
the imprisoning war. She said it. She
said it. Guys, I got boost goose pimples
right now. You truly have traveled back
in time. Actually, this might not be one
of those Hyrule of Warriors things. What
is this?
Seler, Hyrule Castle. Oh, snap. Then
that must mean this really is the past.
Oh, no. I mean, yay.
Legend of
Link.
Um well, hey man, the the style is on
point, you
know.
Um Yeah. Yeah. I guess I guess I know
people out there that will buy literally
anything Zelda. If there's a Zelda
lasagna like porcelain thing, they will
own it. Okay, so uh a shout out to
Spalumpkin if she's watching. I'd like
singling out one individual
person. That was Hyrule Warriors Age of
Imprisonment.
Well, it's being developed by Cochmo
games with support from Nintendo.
We hope you're looking forward to the
untold story of the imprisoning war. I
mean, yeah, I played Hyro Wars the
original and I thought it was just like
it served its purpose, but I wasn't like
this doesn't feel that news about
Nintendo Switch Online. All right, you
can GameCube Gamecube Gamecube Gamecube.
And with Nintendo Switch Online Plus
expansion pack, right, you can enjoy a
new membership benefit exclusively on
Switch 2. Please take a look at this.
All right. Okay. Okay. Blowing me socks
off. I knew it. I knew it. Oh, my rib.
Oh, yeah. Switch online plus expansion
pack. A new classic game library
exclusive to Nintendo Switch 2. Nintendo
Gamecube originally released in 2001.
Here are the titles that will be
available at launch. A Legend of Zelda
game wonderful cartoon come to life.
kind of weird at the north. Well, I mean
HD is for Wii U. Link set sail on an
adventure across the great sea. Oh, I
can't wait to get all those Triforce
shorts again.
Oh, [ __ ] Oh, [ __ ] Ladies and
gentlemen, tonight we're going to be
checking out swords eternally retold.
Oh, [ __ ] hell. Oh, hell yeah.
Fighting game. Each fighter comes
equipped with a different weapon. Oh,
yeah. My my main
man enters the fray.
Caliber 2. Experience a world of
wonderful racing at speeds of 2,000 km
hour. 30 m put it all on the line in
races.
Big machine customization and web host.
Get ready to experience. Oh, I love
these [ __ ] scenes.
[Music]
GX multiplayer up to four can play
together locally or online. Guys, holy
[ __ ] This is what I'm talking about.
That's what I'm [ __ ] talking about.
Enjoy these classic ever. I am skeptical
because Nintendo 64 still has a [ __ ]
delay on the input releases.
Okay. You can also check the controls
for each title and customize them to
your liking. Okay. Good, good, good,
good. Um, more titles will be added.
Fire Emblem. Okay, I know Mark's going
to ChibiRobo. Nice. My main man Luigi.
Pokemon Coliseum. Okay. Nintendo
Gamecube. Nintendo Classics. The Switch
2 exclusive game library coming to
Nintendo Switch Online. suspension pack.
Good, good, good. Don't make them, don't
make them wait for some ROMs, man. Get
them in early. And no, dedicated
controller designed after the original
GameCube controller will also be
released. It can connect wirelessly and
also has a C button to quickly access
Game. Neat. The Nintendo Gamecube. This
second time they've done a re-release
for controller. Holy [ __ ] guys. Members
will also be available the same day as
Nintendo Switch 2. keep buying these
GameCube controllers, man. Whether
you're familiar with the games or
haven't played them before,
we hope you're looking forward to
Nintendo Gamecube. Yeah, man. The
20-year-old ROMs, man. Of course. Should
have been in the original, but whatever.
To play select games from the systems
shown here.
Okay, let's see some more games from our
publishing and development partners. All
right, lay it on me, man. You You got my
expectations up here now. Oh, [ __ ] Oh
[ __ ] Oh [ __ ] 1 2 3 4. It's goddamn
Delta Road. [ __ ] [ __ ]
[ __ ] Okay. Okay. No. No jokes now. No
[ __ ] jokes now, man. Okay. No more
[ __ ] Okay. Okay. If you're dropping
this today, I'm going to die of a
[ __ ] coronary. Okay. Christ.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Tomorrow.
tomorrow. My main man Spamong, you
know. [ __ ] man. [ __ ] hell. [ __ ]
hell. I wasn't ready for this, but Toby
Fox, you know, he uh is waiting on this.
Oh my god. You can't show that [ __ ]
Ah, show
more.
Okay. Oh. Oh. Oh my god. I thought it
said chapter 3 4 available today. I was
going to [ __ ] die. for our upcoming
flagship Borderlands launch title [ __ ]
launch on Nintendo Switch. No, no. Get
Get rid of this. No, no, no. Shut the
[ __ ] up. A world filled with wild
enemies and outrageous weapons. Randy.
Randy. Already the most ambitious
Borderlands. Randy, it's like you went
in on someone else's birthday. You took
a fat [ __ ] [ __ ] We'll be doing a lot
of the game in the months ahead. We were
having a children's birthday. Okay.
Hi, I'm Dennis Shirt from Foraxis Games.
We're releasing a Nintendo Switch 2
edition of Myers Civilization. Let's get
back on track. What's important here?
You'll establish an empire. Is chapters
three and four coming out on the
Nintendo Switch 2 launch day or is that
just chapter one and two? Intuitive
gameplay experience. Are you saying that
June 15th is when [ __ ] chapter 3 and
4 comes out? Nintendo Switch version.
You can experience mouse controls on
Switch 2 and it's all the [ __ ]
chapters.
Can't you read? I was literally too
[ __ ] excited to read, man.
Hi, I'm Ben. [ __ ] man. Our final
announcement for today. Are you [ __ ]
crazy? Switch two coming out and then on
launch day, Delta Rune complete. And on
the court, okay, but but contemplate
this on the tree of [ __ ] wo. All
right, hear me out. all the time. Maybe
it comes out on PC early, but hey, man.
Armed with nothing but enthusiasm and a
profound lack of preparation.
Terrible. Sorry, I can't focus on this
right now. Let's talk about what's
important here. Jo, that's only like
half of the chapters. Nailed it.
5, six, seven are still in development.
Tastes amazing, doesn't it?
[Music]
Really have started to survival thing.
Next stop, the top. So, I'm glad this
happened when nobody was
watching. Oh, hang on. Oh, [ __ ]
Hi, I'm Dave Krooks from Dodge Roll.
No.
No. What the [ __ ] Look at Enter the
Gungeon 2. It's on their
end steps in our rogike
shield 3D art style.
You can expect some fan favorite
elements to
I got [ __ ]
AGA live. It's on
[Laughter]
them. Oh my [ __ ] god.
You guys aren't [ __ ] with me,
right? Oh, there we go. Oh, dude. Plug
back the visuals. Oh, and you know the
money they paid to show that [ __ ] off.
And nobody saw it. And nobody [ __ ]
saw it,
man. Dude, developers, you better get a
[ __ ] refund.
[Music]
Oh
no. Oh my [ __ ] god.
Hello, my name is Adam Badovski from
Sedric Thread. We are delighted to
present my god dude. Dark future to
Nintendo players for the first time. Oh
my [ __ ] lord. Is an open world action
adventure RPG, dude. No, no [ __ ] way.
Thanks to Nintendo Switch 2, you can
transport yourself to the city of dreams
at home or on the go. Oh, they [ __ ]
up, man. Meet unforgettable characters
and discover engaging
stories. Holy [ __ ] man. Ultimate
edition comes to Nintendo Switch to Oh,
UK stream is f. I can't. OBS can't
switch that way.
I got to like open up a completely
different stream.
Oh my god. Nintendo.
Okay, hang on. Wait, wait, wait, wait. I
I got to fix this super quick.
This is the biggest [ __ ] auga I've
ever seen happen. Hang on, hang on, hang
on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang
on. It's a [ __ ] catastrophe,
man. Oh,
man. Oh, no.
Dude, this guy sounds like a [ __ ]
native speaker, man. He's He's
good. Um, okay. It's sick now. It's sick
now. What a [ __ ] disaster, man. Oh
[ __ ] Oh, I'm so I'm so glad. I'm so
glad I woke up for
this. Oh,
okay. Good night, universe.
Okay. Well, uh, so far the biggest
things for me is the Diddy Kong Racing
thing. The Mario Kart um world looks
nice. Delta Rune completely threw me
off. Um, GameCube stuff, you know, but
also I laughed my ass off at the um the
goddamn
whatchamacallit. Yeah, I got the
experience. I'm glad I'm not the one
causing it this
time.
Okay. All right. Well, neto neto. I
mean, good lineup. Good lineup. Uh,
there was some stuff in here that I like
did not interested me at all to be
honest. Fast fusion
wipeout. Shower gameplay. Oh yeah,
Shadow Labyrinth. I kind of want to see
what the [ __ ] this is all
about. Okay, finally.
Persona right now.
[Music]
Okay. Reimal.
Reimal, guys. Finally. Real games. Real
games. Whatever that [ __ ] they were
showing before. Don't care. Rich
racer. $599.
$599. Okay. Oh, the these boys. These
boys. these crazy
boys. Okay, blow joey away. Blow joy
like like get something that only would
interest me. Oh,
finally Dwarf Fortress 2.
We've shown a lot of games so far. The
next game will be the last from our
publishing and development partners.
Right. Please take a look. Oh, guys,
here we go. This this this is going to
blow our [ __ ] heads off right here.
Um, Mario looks
alcoholic. The hell is
this?
Uh,
Dante, Bloodborne
2. Mario is dead.
Halfife 5.
My
blood. Uh,
I give you this is sex. My life.
Turn, O will Bayonetta 4 and transport
him.
Um, to a night of moonlight.
This is something I should recognize.
Humanity is very dusk.
Uh, Kjima game.
Bloodborne
Royale.
Yes. Okay. Okay.
Okay, guys. Armored core is taking a
very [ __ ] weird
direction. I get it. Could literally be
like Bloodborne, too. I wouldn't
know. Holy [ __ ] This guy is edgy. I
love
him. Okay, I guess it is Bloodborne,
too. Never played it. Never played
Bloodborne. Never
did. I I actually have no idea what this
is. And but I'm sure people be like,
"Yo, that's that's uh Steve right
there." Okay. Like that design.
Scummy. Okay.
Scrimlow. This has got to be Bloodborne,
[Music]
right? Major Moon. Bloodborne 2 or Bait
and Switch. Haha.
Gotcha.
Morbius.
Yes.
Yes. [ __ ]
yeah. Leg. Look at the tits on that
frog, man.
Guys, th this looks [ __ ] awesome. I
can't wait to play eancence with this.
Contemplate now the moon has beet the
soon to depart. This is like Devil May
Cry souls. Holy [ __ ]
Carrier of
blood.
Wow. What is this? Dracula
revengeance. Oh, [ __ ] Dio. What the
[ __ ]
All
right. Yo, please play Tit Frog 2.
The moon tears will flow for
one [ __ ]
Dr. Penis
along the dusk
bloods. Oh, I guess. All
right. New game. New game.
Super Mario come back
life. Super Mario. Stop looking at me
that way. We're going to smash with a
mallet.
Okay. All right. Well, some of the
Beatles font.
What you just saw was a brand new game
by From Software.
We'll be publishing a creator's voice
article where the game's director,
Hidaka Miyazaki, will share more details
about the game. So, please check it out
when it's available. Guys, finally
Nintendo gets the PlayStation 4
exclusive partners.
One more. We'd like to thank the
developers who have One more, man. Come
on. As well as our publishing and
development partners who prepared
footage for this presentation. Come on,
man.
Okay. In addition to what you saw today,
our partners are working on many games
coming to Nintendo Switch 2. Right.
We'll showcase more games in the future,
so we hope you're looking forward to it.
Neat. Next, please take a look at this.
Oh, [ __ ] Hang on. Slow down, chief.
What are you talking about? What are you
talking about? What you talking
about? Smash. Smash. Is it smash?
What? Oh, [ __ ] Hang on. Hang on. Hang
on.
What's this? Huh?
Kirby. New Smash.
Kirby. This sounds more like Kirby, but
Oh, no. No. No. Here he is. Okay. No,
guys. I think this is Smash. They
wouldn't animate Kirby in this way. I
don't think this is Kirby, man. I think
this is some Smash related
thing. American Kirby's
back. Kirby Air Rides
2. Okay. Okay. Listen. If Dr. Moyer
shows
up. Oh, I knew it. I knew it. I knew it.
I knew it. Ladies and
gentlemen, next generation Star
Trek. Serious. I think it's air right
too. Yeah. Yeah, that's what it
[Music]
is. Oh,
[ __ ] Here he comes. Here he comes.
Okay. Yes. Yes. All your friends,
they're all driving drunk. Okay. King
DDD, watch the [ __ ] out. Kirby
Airide Raiders. Okay.
Uh, Nate, there better be an open world
map.
Director
Sakurai.
[ __ ] I cannot believe. I cannot
believe.
Kirby Airide, which originally released
on the Nintendo Gamecube system over 20
years ago, is getting a brand new game.
We hope you're looking forward to Kirby
Air Riders directed by Masahiro Sakurai.
Damn.
Next is our last trailer for today. Oh
[ __ ] Here we go. Blow the socks off
now. Here we go. Here we go. What we
waiting
for? Uh,
Pikmin. No. What? What is
this? Oh, this
two. Huh?
What? What? What? What
[Music]
is Okay. Okay. Ladies and gentlemen,
Donkey Kong
642. Here he comes. Here comes
Mario.
[Music]
Minecraft. Oh my goodness. Oh my. Oh my
god. Oh my god. What the [ __ ] is this,
man? Oh [ __ ]
Donkey Kong 642. What? I was [ __ ]
joking. What is
this? Expand dog. What the [ __ ]
man? What the [ __ ] is
this? Oh, he looks awesome, man. He
looks
awesome. Okay, you can [ __ ] dig
Minecraft style. You get bananas, guys.
Monkey Mondays confirmed for this.
This is incredible,
man. I like this. I I generally like
this. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I love the
design. I would always always love the
older design, but uh ironically, this is
more of an older design anyway cuz it
mimics more the original like arcade
style. So, there's like a Tears of the
Kingdom Odyssey Donkey Kong. This looks
[ __ ] tight.
Okay. What is What is this called? I
love the design, man. This is Dude, he
see Banana. This game is [ __ ] tight.
Oh,
Banana, guys. This really is Donkey Kong
64 or something. What the
[ __ ]
Okay. Holy [ __ ] man. This This is
nice. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Okay. Here comes goatee
style.
Banana. Holy [ __ ] Yes.
Wonderful.
Wonderful. Wonderful. Can't wait to play
that [ __ ] man. A brand new 3D
platforming action game starring Donkey
Kong called Donkey Kong Bonanza. Oh my
goodness. With incredible strength.
Smash through enemies. [ __ ] yeah.
the ground and just about everything as
you
holy [ __ ] actual Don 64s game. More
details will be shared in the future. I
hope you're looking forward to it. Yes,
I am. Yes, I am. Thank you for watching
so far. Yes, I am. No, no, no, no. Come
back. Show me more video game toys. To
recap, okay, Nintendo Switch 2 launches
on June 5th.
[ __ ] hell. Finally, just a month
after that will be available at launch.
We'll release Nintendo Switch 2 as well
as a bundle that includes a digital
version. I got to say that Donkey Kong
game got me legitimately rock [ __ ]
link. I am ready for banana time. Goes
live later today.
We've covered a lot of information.
That's all we have to share for today.
No, you'll have to wait just a bit
longer for launch.
We are very much looking forward to
everyone being able to experience
Nintend. Come on. We appreciate you
joining us today. Thank you very much.
[Music]
Okay. Well, well, well. Ladies and
gentlemen, there you go. There you go.
Uh
uh we could watch the treehouse thing,
too, but I I I'm kind of not interested,
honestly.
Uh I just want to see this and move
on. All right. Oh, that's that's
actually tomorrow. Okay, guys, guys,
guys, guys. Holy [ __ ] [ __ ]
Uh dude, right off the get- go. right
off the [ __ ] get-go.
Uh,
holy [ __ ] Exclusive yellow for [ __ ]
Donkey Kong 64 2, dude. That that that
was that was [ __ ] Dude, Aga. Yeah.
Okay. Seriously, that game looked tight
as [ __ ] That game looked tight as [ __ ]
Okay. I'm Yeah, absolutely, man. Absolut
[ __ ] lutely.
Uh, and I say this to Delta Rune that
all came as a shock. This is a very good
direct. This is a very [ __ ] good
direct. I mean, there was catastrophic
auga on it. But, uh, yeah, man, for
sure. Uh, I I pretty damn good.
Kirby. Um, all right. Okay. Mario [ __ ]
Attack.
Um, I don't really know what this means.
Um, but sure. JRPG. Yes. The price is
$3.99. No, this this didn't even, you
know, work. Okay. Uh ports again. Yes.
Nintendo dogs. No, later today. No,
nothing like that. MK9
news. Uh, more than news. Release date.
Yes. Remaster Bravely Default F-Zero
real this time. Don't know how I should
put this because this was a this was,
you know, a thing. Uh uh kind of. How
about this? How about this? Half
half. More like a pork really. But
anyway. All right. New 3D
game for Mario
specifically.
Uh I don't know. Uh
maybe I mean plenty. Holy [ __ ] One more
thing. Yeah, you got it. Colombo
pre-order now. I don't think there was
any pre-ordered things, you know. I
don't I don't think that really was uh,
you know, uh, Columbbo mentioned. Not
really. Mar [ __ ]
graphics. Oh, [ __ ] That's fresh. That's
from Enzoy from literally like 10 12
hours
ago. Uh, uh, yeah, sure. Um, Super Duper
Smash. No. Mario Paint? No. Uh, Zelda?
Yes.
Okay, if you made this and you thought
they were going to put GTA [ __ ] 6 on
the Switch 2, are are you mental, man?
No, man. This was Yeah. May Man Miamoto
not
in guys. Holy [ __ ] Incredible direct
but no bingo. No bingo. But new 3D
game, guys. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm
gonna say this. I'm gonna cheat and say
this. This will mitosis with this, okay?
Because this was basically the origins
of Mario being Donkey Kong. Jumpman
started with Donkey Kong. So, this is a
new Mario game kind
of. Okay. Okay. Uh, so this gets uh
Yeah. Joy, that's fusion. Whatever
mental
gymnastics. Uh, but yeah. [ __ ] man.
Good direct. Definitely good direct.
Now, guys, when I'm uploading this on
YouTube later on, would you like me to
keep the previous direct uploaded
separate or should I combine these two
into one big stream and put like a time
code so you can see it? Cuz I'm a little
late on uploading the previous one, but
uh um combine, separate, separate,
separate, combine, combine, please.
Separate, combine, combine. And I got a
brand new carbine harvester. No, I gave
you the key. Keep it
separate. Obviously, keep them separate.
I got to keep them separate. Okay. But,
uh, add every direct in one
video. But, uh, yeah, very nice direct.
But, I can't. That's That's the [ __ ]
problem. I I I wish less games would
come out, honestly, cuz like whenever
there's like big games on the horizon,
you when you were a kid, you're like,
"What? A [ __ ]
month?" And now it's like a month, you
know? like you you sit and you don't
have like time for this and then like
Delta Rune coming out in [ __ ] June,
[ __ ] Donkey Kong, new Donkey Kong 64.
[ __ ] you know? [ __ ] man. It's going to
be a busy year, man. It's going to be a
busy year. Uh but uh yeah. Yeah, that's
so long versus that so
soon. Um yeah, I I'll say a very good
direct. Very very good direct. I will
give it
a nine out of 10. And this this was
originally an eight, but it became
more because of the auga. Okay, so the
auga actually helped keep the
entertainment
up. Very good. Very good. Very goat, you
know. Uh but uh yeah, you know, very
good. I I say this direct blew the [ __ ]
out of the previous
one. Do I don't take the fourth stream
for monkey Mondays? I might have to,
man. It's to I can probably knock that
stream out in in like two streams
because I know the game pretty well. But
uh that was a very fun direct. Yeah,
man. For sure. For
sure. It's funny how many people are
people for the Delta announcement
announcement is the most hyped thing
for. It's funny how many people that
Delta announcement is the most hype
thing for. Uh, well, yeah, I mean it's
it's it's [ __ ] Delta Rune, dude. It's
it's nothing to scoff at or like, you
know, ah, Delta was a [ __ ] small
indie game, you know? It's pretty well
goddamn known. And, you know, Toby Fox
with his best friend
Sakurai, you know, I'm sure they had
their little sleepover, you know, Betty
B sessions in their little PJs going,
you know, Sakurai, I've been thinking,
he goes, what up, Jeep? and he says
like, you know, I've been thinking, what
if we put that Delta Run announcement on
like tomorrow's stream and it's
like
I and then they roll down in the [ __ ]
wagon bumping fat beats and the low
rider, you know,
and it's like, all right, check this
out.
Um, 450 is insanely high, Joey. The
price is
$450. What? Where are you getting
this?
Where made
up? I made it the [ __ ]
up. I'm on the website. Which
website? Google.
the website. Show it yahoo.com. Wow, you
guys really fumbled this. But uh but
I'll say this. If people are saying, you
know, this price, this price, let me
tell let me quote an old saint out
there. An old uh an
old
adage from my main man Chad Warden.
$599 ain't [ __ ] to Chad Warden.
Okay, Warriorware. Shove it up your own
ass games. Gears of war, more like tears
of
war. [ __ ] look like a deal
though. PS
triple. Chad warning wipes his ass for
$499.99.99.99.
Uh, okay. Well, again, as I said, very
good direct, very nice. Uh, thank you
for watching this. Uh, actually really
decent [ __ ] Not one goddamn cozy
farming simulator that is like mind
bleach. I'm sorry to say, but if I see
one more of those things, I think I will
actually lose brain cells. Um, don't
know who the [ __ ] plays them. And
there's so many of them. They should
just make a combine each one of those.
They just make a mega super
ultimate magnumopus farming game where
uh, you know, boom, get them done
with Turbo Cozy. Well, uh, as I said
everybody, uh, thank you for watching
this. We have a ton of [ __ ] coming up,
but, uh, yeah, once again, man, uh, very
cool [ __ ] Very, very cool [ __ ] I'm
going to be right back with Voices of
the Void, so sit tight and, uh, god
damn, I've been streaming a lot. Let's
just say this, four days in a row, uh,
Voices of the Void and now this, and
just my goodness, [ __ ] take a break.
Literally, it's just been short sleeps,
wake up, do more [ __ ] short sleep.
Like, [ __ ] hell, man. Crazy. Anyway,
uh be right back.