[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
e
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
oh
[Music]
holy moly you guys we're here today's
the day good morning
everyone what up you cuties oh my gosh
[Music]
bro change the screen what what up
everybody we're here with the switch to
direct are you guys excited are you as
excited as I am I am freaking stoked
welcome in everyone I hope you guys are
doing well I hope some of you got sleep
uh we still got tired eyes today we're
we're rocking the glasses I am excited I
am excited I got my coffee you guys want
to see my new mug we're also live on
YouTube for the first time in a while hi
YouTube good to see you guys guys like
my new
mug he's got
cats he's got cats cats and then it says
on this side my cinnamon got all over it
but it says cats and coffee isn't that
cute what's up with you guys before I
guess we begin I just wanted to say I've
missed you guys it's been like a week
since I've got to really talk to anybody
my internet has
been even today I didn't know if I was
going to have it um so you know your
girl's actually been out in the garden
touching grass and dirt lots of dirt I
feel like I permanently have dirt under
my fingernails which is good it's a very
very liberating feeling uh uh yeah last
time I got I guess anybody got to see
anything from me
was the last switch one direct which was
which was cute it was cute um you know
it just
[Music]
uh it's not the switch too anyways uh I
hope you guys are doing well I've missed
you all so much thank you for being here
uh shout out to Stephen becoming a new
member on YouTube Welcome in my friend I
am going to mute notifications on Twitch
as well though so if I do not get to see
it right away please please know that
you still have my undying love and I
appreciate you guys so much more
speaking of Dr claw let's go bro New Era
76 months welcome in Dr claw hi you guys
it's so good to see you thank you for
choosing to sit here and watch through
this with me um let me actually now that
I think about it let me make sure that I
have um can I just make myself smaller
on this screen cuz I don't think I've
adjusted anything to fit let me just get
let me just get big for this real quick
let's just do an intro real we're going
to get ginormous we're going we're going
big form welcome in friend let me
actually record this at the same time
just in case the internet does go out
cuz your girl's thinking here welcome in
friends far and wide across the expans
of the earth my name is missclick and
this well chat is here somewhere can I
actually find you guys are you guys do
you guys have a spot here welcome in
though it is the Nintendo switch oh
that's not the one at all this is the
Nintendo switch to direct um I'll put
you guys on here for a few seconds there
they are look at look at these cuties
look at them look at them they're all
here they're all here they're all here
uh Nintendo switch 2 today it is
exciting as all get out what where did I
go wait what the
heck okay welcome to Nintendo switch 2
direct um you can tell it's early in the
morning and I can't think we got twitch
and YouTube here today so it's super
exciting that everybody gets to be here
everybody's here
bu bu
no okay I don't know what to expect
other than just hearing about a bunch of
specs it is a 60 60 Minute direct though
um if you're going to ask me if I
remember the first switch direct I'm
going to say no um because it's been how
many years at this point and it feels
like a whole other lifetime ago
so you know do I even feel like the same
person absolutely not absolutely not I'm
going to make myself smaller I'm I'm
going to to get this set up I also need
my headphones um very excited to be here
with y'all thank you for sharing your
time and your space with me I love you
guys so much I appreciate you guys so
much and as far as game specific I don't
have too much of a bingo card I just
want a more powerful enjoyable system um
I you know just give us the specs that
we need that developers need uh to I
guess continue to to play the games that
we love already and continuation of
these games that we love already and God
I don't know what else just to have fun
because at the end of the day this is
entertainment this is luxury and we're
just so lucky to be living in a time
where we can get excited about this and
like Rave about it on the internet
together you know what I'm saying so I
love you guys I appreciate you thank you
for being here and
um history in the making guys history in
the making um uh let me make myself
smaller though cuz I'm going to get back
to the corner go back to my corner is
that small enough for you guys is that
small enough can I move
myself why is myself not
moving why is myself not
moving Wait no that's too
far are you guys ready I'm ready are you
ready I'm small I'll just sit in the
corner like this would that be okay
would that be
acceptable people are saying kidicarus
people have been saying people have been
saying kidicarus since the dawn of time
bro they've been saying kidicarus since
the dawn of time
okay forget about it we're never getting
him again we're never getting Kris We're
Never Getting starf Fox We're Never
Getting annual updates to animal crop
I'm kidding I'm kid I don't know I don't
know I'm going to say we never so when
it happens you can be like I told you so
misclick and I will just be as surprised
and happy how about that more like Kid
Icarus wow you don't like you don't
what's wrong with pit what's wrong with
pit just cuz his name pit don't mean he
smell like him and hey you know some
people like the smell just saying it's
20 it's 2025 is there music on this
thing no so I can have the volume up
already oh my God I'm so excited this is
actually the most time I've had in
between starting an intro and starting
the video we have 1 minute we got 1
minute thank you to everybody who is
resubbing and starting a hype train on
Twitch if you're watching on YouTube
Welcome in guys thanks for watching live
and if you could there is a thumbs up
button I know some of you will do the
thumbs down button just because you love
me that much I love you too feel free to
let's
go I can turn this music down
oh my gosh you guys
what it has been I was just thinking to
myself yesterday while I was in the dirt
um dude I was thinking to myself I
haven't been like this hyped for games
in general not just like just a bunch of
games that are coming out but like a
whole new console a whole new generation
of enjoyment for us is coming out like
this is literally history 30 seconds out
from from our knowledge being changed
forever of the future of Nintendo like
the the switch air has been so special
you guys and I can't believe we're here
I can't believe we're here it's h I'm
not going to cry but jez you won't be
able to see it cuz I'm wearing
these I need more
coffee let's go you guys all right let
me know if you can't hear I love the
music
already let's do it I'm going to turn
this up for you guys
switch to wait oh this is just in
general that's just okay that's not for
the
game ooh we got
shapes is this what the new aesthetic is
going to be this looks
[Music]
great is this our is this our new
marketing is this our new
branding we're going back to colors
[Music]
I liked that I liked that let's
go Mario Kart Mario Kart 9 Mario Kart 9
Mario Kart 9 I'm so ready to not play
eight anymore come on oh my gosh dude
can you guys hear it okay let's
[Music]
go the high
oh look at the she's got a little tiny
dirt
[Music]
bike okay the
Bison these look fantastic fantastic bro
I'm so
excited what's like Mario Kart 99's
thing though is it more people or is
there something
else we get we get
gr what that's the thing
huh could you play as MooMoo were you
playing as the cows from MooMoo Meadows
hold up a minute
[Music]
what you
get oh my
God that burger looked delicious by the
way Mario Kart World okay I mean it's
not Mario Kart 10 because
technically hello gentlemen Koto hello
and I'll be one of your guides for
today's Nintendo D the music is slapping
I'm the producer for Nintendo switch
2 I'm takiro DOTA the director for
Nintendo switch 2 good morning and I'm
tsia Sasaki the hardware design lead for
Nintendo switch 2 all right jents what
you just saw was Mario Kart World
launching exclusively on Nintendo switch
2 looks great bro do you think this
brand new Mario Kart game will be like
not
eight hopefully we we love eight but
she's been here for brand new entry in
marioart series is launching exclusively
on the Nintendo switch 2 system welcome
to this vast
World cart races are held throughout
various regions that span the
globe I want the map with all the
animals running depending on the time of
day and weather conditions the
atmosphere will change oh
snap some people are going to be like um
RNG not a fan you know what I don't care
and in this Mario Kart
game you can go off the racetrack and
drive virtually everywhere in this
world in the classic Grand Prix race
through four courses in a bid for first
place but don't sleep at the wheel
you'll also drive to the next course as
part of the
competition with 24 drivers in each race
the most in series
that bik ridiculous is gearing up so you
drive between
courses introducing knockout
tour race non-stop from one corner of
the world to another this is so cool
look at his Straw Hat oh my
god there are multiple checkpoints along
the
way if you're below the placement shown
when you hit a checkpoint you'll be
eliminated I love that actually can you
make it all the way to the finish line
line I love that you can also freely
drive around this vast World in can I
the volume some more
sure by going offro you can explore new
areas and routes so drive wherever your
heart takes you is that better or is
that too loud you can also go for scenic
drives with friends and even take photos
together at different locations
W dude it looks
sick my
sister my sister has an old video brand
new Race Across the when Mario Kart a
came out I was just dancing in front of
the TV to the title screen and she
freaking recorded me I got so mad at her
but now I look back and I'm like same
girl same Nintendo switch launch title
about thisle be shared in Mario Kart
World Direct April
more information in the future they're
just stringing us along and they know
we're going to show up because we're
marioart World Launches on the same day
as Nintendo switch
2 we'll share more details in the future
so we hope you're looking forward to it
theica
dude next we'd like to introduce some of
the new features of Nintendo switch 2
yes
please these are the joycon 2
controllers for switch 2 they look great
I love them
and on the right joycon 2 we've added a
new C button what does it
do let's take a look at some new
experiences it offers
yes it's a trailer for it oh
[ __ ] I'm still ahead of all of you guys
it's a dedicated Force CH button I just
spit
that was you
so tin
[Music]
wait n I'm coming for you that UI
doesn't have to be there though
right introducing game chat a new
feature for Nintendo switch 2 how well
is it going to work hey what's up can
you hear me hello can I make it small
does my screen have to get with this
feature you'll be able communicate with
friends and family while playing a game
should we follow you yeah oh God but you
know what it is it's an open mic it's an
open mic so are you going to hear the
buttons clicking while using the game
chat feature your voice is recognized by
a microphone built into the system oh
God me right oh god dude you're going to
hear someone's fan all the way across
the
room what about headsets all right let's
keep going it's coming let's make a left
right here let's make a when it's noisy
around you your voice will still come
through clearly letting with e how did
you get hit by a what in the Witchcraft
how it does look beautiful it's all and
you can use this feature in handheld
mode too letting you easily chat with
friends and
family if you open the chat menu and
turn on game screen sharing it's like
Discord but not Discord you can also
share your absolutely if you sh no do
not share your screen no the frames look
horrible you guys just did it I want to
do it to shoot oh oh he's trying to eat
me he's trying to eat me okay I got in I
got in oh no no no no no
no okay don't do that don't don't don't
do that don't do that chat to your
heart's content even while playing
different games things like Animal
Crossing I don't think it'll be to my
thing is just like when I'm playing
smash with you guys you have a separate
dedicated mic and like your buttons are
still clicking through Kirby look you're
star oh wait but you can play a bunch
you can play all the different games
together same
time you can adjust the size of your
game screen yeah I don't even no offense
I don't want to see how gameplay unless
we're like intentionally on a call for
that okay I mean or expand another
friend's game
screen you got to get above above that
uh wall That's to your left you're
almost there though it's just like the
wall like if she gets past the wall the
wall to do a little wall ride
wall yeah dude the wall riding is insane
I the costumes do look really great
[Music]
guys you're going to get disconnected
don't do it how do I know don't ask me
how I know are you ready smile pictures
oh yo that's sick I like your pose n on
the right joyon 2 controller there's an
additional button with the c button you
can pull up a chat
menu okay well now we know what it's for
actually guys uh I got a call coming
right now so uh I'll be be right back
yeah oh yeah
sure here you can quickly and easily
mute yourself and more and there's this
what by connecting this camera to the
system oh that's kind of cute hey what's
up hello oh my gosh yo wait what hi
how's everyone doing oh my gosh people
would literally you can appear on screen
and video chat while playing a game I
don't know how that would work with
streaming if you wanted to stream
stuff I guess it also depends on how
expensive that camera is if it's worth
just getting a different webcam camera I
need to shut up because I bet like can
you wait for me please look forward to
games which use your camera feed like
this am I going to try it am I going to
use it yes
absolutely the fact that the faces
follow the
characters using game chat even when
you're a part you can play games and
hang out as if you were together in the
same room you guys are the play together
you guys are the best real fake in
online multiplayer
games chat while playing your personal
favorites decide your own rules for a
retro game
competition or hold a sports competition
between families I guess we'll see how
well it does I
think anytime anywhere if I was if I was
away from family I mean I am away from
family oh my get sad now what did you
think we could use this in developing
game chat our goal was for you to enjoy
playing online with others more closely
including family and friends almost as
if you're all playing together in the
same place it's definitely a new quk of
the system which is something that we
saw in the trailer is the Nintendo
switch 2
camera which will be available on the
same day as switch
2 a Nintendo switch online member now we
know why there's an
game however since we'd like as many
people as possible to experience game
chat it will be available without a
membership for a limited time we hope
you'll try it out ends March 31st
2026 additionally game chat supports the
Nintendo switch parental
controls settings can be adjusted for
example whether parental permission is
always required when a child wants to
use game chat to play with their
friends I love that we'd like to
introduce another new experience you can
share with family and
friends
okay on Nintendo switch even if you just
have one game you can pass a joy-con
controller to a friend and play together
but on Nintendo switch 2 you can play
together locally on multiple systems
using just one game with game share yes
as shown here asames that require
multiple screens can be played if one
person owns a compatible game love with
game share you can temporarily share
compati
or aint system you can share a game with
up to three other systems at
Time game share also supports online
play download play there you can use it
with friends via game chat which we
showed
earlier game share can only be used with
compatible games this feature is planned
for several titles starting with a free
update for games 51 World on nintend B
brain sounds perfect Odyssey
game also planned for select games
exclusive to Nintendo switch 2 so we
hope you'll look forward to it are we
need to see any of those today
next we'd like to show you the Nintendo
switch 2 system itself yes
please please take a look they're so
cute bigger screen same thickness at 7.9
in switch 2 has a bigger built-in screen
here's how that pairs to Nintendo switch
the system's thickness Remains the
Same high definition display so no OLED
right off the bat with approximately
double the pixels compared to switch you
can enjoy games in Greater detail on the
1080p
[Music]
screen that tongue
though the screen supports up to 120
frames per second allowing for smoother
gameplay and supported titles let's go
but is it
gonna come on nindy the LCD screen is
more Vivid and supports HDR providing
more contrast between light and dark
areas of the
images
magnetically the allnew joy-con 2
controllers connect
magnetically strong magnets keep the
controllers firmly attached to the
system detach your controller easily by
pressing the release button on the back
there is a button okay good I was about
that the SL and Sr buttons are bigger
for greater comfort and control when
playing with a horizont I'm realizing
how bad I feel for y'all who have like
bigger hands that are
like sticks are now
[Music]
larger okay I did not pick this St from
that trailer you guys had to tell me in
the comments as a mouse to play with
compatible games both the left and right
joyon 2 support M next Mario Party game
is going to have that like for sure by
adjusting the audio balance between the
sounds from the built-in speakers are
clearer and more natural in handheld and
tabletop modes
sorry it has a built-in microphone so
you can voice chat with friends so
nervous that CH I'm going be playing
smash with you guys it also uses noise
cancelling technology to filter sounds
so your voice will come through clearly
if it's anything like uh some of the
techn that just came out with some other
companies suround sound system games can
be enjoyed with more immersive
threedimensional sound as if it were
coming from all around
[Music]
you you see that crazy place your
Nintendo switch 2 however you like with
a large sturdy stand sturdy you can move
it freely like this but can your switch
do
this in addition to the USBC Port found
on the bottom of the system there's one
on top as well is it HDMI I actually
thought it was HDMI in the blink of a
moment okay connecting a USBC camera oh
how convenient oh get charging in
tabletop mode we get an actual Nintendo
branded brick so
separ laun your fter storage Nintendo
switch 2 comes with two 256 GB of
internal storage eight times that of
Nintendo switch for storing your game
downloads save data and more thank you
reading and writing dat also faster
especially of those uh scoreboards and
Splatoon use the Nintendo switch 2 DOC
to connect to your TV and enable up to
4K resolution for compatible CV on the
back HDR is also supported in TV mode
Let's Go
4K fan ventilation that's why curvy we
got more in the that keeps your system
cool this helps keep performance stable
never mind that that wasn't the impact
look bro
yes on Nintendo switch 2 you can play
Nintendo switch 2 games as well as
compatible Nintendo switch games so we
have marioart launch are supported title
any other launch
titles anything else maybe a maybe a
port you know you could go ahead and
announce GameCube online for switch 2
for
NSO um as you just saw Nintendo switch 2
isn't simply an improved Nintendo
switch we redesigned the system from the
ground of new gameplay features I love
my Pro Controller though and to help
players better understand the hardware
we're currently developing this
game Mr
pooto hello I feel taller than you my
current location is actually inside the
game
itself this is Nintendo switch 2 Welcome
tour this reminds me like mini mots or
something Nintendo switch
2 okay okay I'm standing over
here okay everyone join me inside the
game I love these minimalistic type
games I'm sorry if you don't I this
there are a lot of question mark icons
here let's examine them is that Naruto
did you see Naruto this sign reads where
are the magnets oh this is like the
joycon 2 controllers attach to the
system with magnets make every single
one of your system your your the SL and
Boomer brain parents grandparents go
through this make make sure they go
that's how they attach to the system
that way they can't be like I don't know
where form between them
my internet
switch through examining signs like
these you can discover all sorts of
secrets about Nintendo switch the
virtual Museum another example the
joycon 2 controllers have Mouse controls
this is a game and when combined with
the gyroscopes you can even do something
like
this you can adjust the position of the
golf club for the cup this just reminded
me how much I miss we play like by
combining the mouse controls and
gyroscopes things like this are
possible there are secrets to discover
even as you're playing mini games and
Tech demos I played so much of the tanks
some of the secrets range from the
unique features of the system to Tiny
details you might not notice until
they're pointed out that's cute there
are plenty there are
plenty Nintendo switch 2 Welcome tour
will launch as a paid digital game on
the same day as Nintendo switch 2 so
please check it out if you're interested
that should come with the cons I'd like
to share some more information regarding
Nintendo switch
2 this is the game card for Nintendo
switch 2 titles
okay it's the same shape as Nintendo
switch game cards but it's now red and
it has much faster data reading speeds
ooh it's red next up is additional
storage yeah I don't know why it's
pawit come micro SD Express
cards they're a different type of SD
card and will make highspeed data
transfers possible I did I don't have
one of those dang it please note that
regular micro SD cards used for Nintendo
switch will not be compatible a little
bit of a bummer additionally to transfer
data from switch to switch 2 you can log
into your Nintendo account to use the
system transfer feature with this
feature you can transfer save data
digital games and
more we're also releasing a new Pro
Controller there it is there she is it
has a c button which launches game chat
and on the back there are new GL and gr
buttons which you can use to assign
existing button controls macros in
addition an audio jack has been added so
I'm going to hope that we can use new
features and after today's presentation
the official Nintendo switch 2 website
will go live can I hook up
my article on the website where the
three of us will talk about the develop
of Nintendo switch 2 we hope you check
that out as well oh I love you I'm so
sorry now the Nintendo switch 2 launch
dat yes July June July July nintend swi
2 Launches on June
5th that's better looking forward to the
day when you all get to experience it so
please wait just a bit
longer give it
to
now broadly
speaking on Nintendo switch 2 you can
play three types of games
the first type is Nintendo switch 2
games yes and then switch these games
take advantage of the performance and
features of switch 2 and then online
games or part is compatible games that
were released on Nintendo switch
yes Nintendo switch 2 Edition games are
the third
type so some games that were released on
switch will receive upgraded versions
that offer things like improved visuals
unique ways to play on switch 2 and more
hro Warrior I'd like to show you the
Nintendo switch 2 edition of super mar
age of calamity please take a
look now you're going to to pay for the
oh my I love the little Prof get upgrade
on Nintendo switch 2 the jamy TV the
upgrade expands on the base game and
adds new features including Mouse
controls I told you
audio recognition oh my gosh that's
going to be so funny more expressive
Rumble the pullback I need desks no I I
got a mouse gameplay that uses a camera
accessory all of which can be accessed
on switch 2 that is so cute what the
heck let's check out three new and
updated
modes first up is Mario party mode with
a single camera up to four players can
join the festivities oh my God this just
reminds me when we all four of us had
the
can experience all the reac EMS in real
time or four friends can take the party
online streamers are looking at this
like I don't need another
camera up next it's Bowser live oh my
gosh where the lier team wins Bowser
will bring you on stage two hit blocks
to collect oh my gosh that's so cute
guide an RC car with your voice
go and compete in other Min games using
full body movement and sound finally
take a ride on theal ones are going to
be so chaotic with the safety bar
lowered and
secured you're off
go use Mouse controls to shoot down
enemies while you feel the bombs and
rumbles up the
coaster we get to aim with mouse
controls bro when you enter a pipe a
mini game will begin do you think the
next platoon's going to use that
boulding two players each op and one
where you shake a can of spray paint and
quickly tag objects that's so satisfying
looking enjoy the thrill of these
intuitive mini games how quickly can you
reach the station it all depends on how
well it works use a camera The Bu
microphone Mouse controls and Rumble I'm
really curious yet is getting even
bigger going to need to get Super Mario
Party jamere Nintendo switch 2 Edition
plus jamere TV Launches on Nintendo
switch 2 July 24th July 24th so a little
bit after Nintendo switch 2 players who
already own Super Mario Party jamere can
upgrade to Nintendo switch 2 Edition
plus jamere TV by purchasing an upgrade
pack how much though $10 $20 please look
forward to a new Mario Party experence
upgrades are only you can see each
other's reaction while playing $10 is
still a lot for an upgrade pack let's
continue presenting some more Nintendo
switch 2 Edition games especially for a
game that I don't
Nintendo switch two editions of The
Legend of Zelda breath of the Wild and
the Legend of Zelda tear of the
Kingdom feature enhanced resolution and
frame
rates and also support HDR which makes
the image more vibrant so you can play
with smoother higher definition Graphics
baby gets the treatment she
deserves plus you can get even more out
of your adventures in hyru using Zelda
notes what's that this new feature can
be accessed via the Nintendo Switch app
on Smart
devices it's a game specific service
that's exclusive to the switch 2
editions of these titles that's cool for
example it can help guide you to various
locations like shrines and cororo you
haven't found yet activating the game
has been out long enough proceed North
it's a
GPS can you give me um Ganondorf voice
packs for that or you can share your
Creations using QR and send them to
another player to create in their game
that's cool the game's been out long
enough it allows people to try new
creative
[Music]
things that's
cool that's cool we hope these features
will make your adventures even more
enjoyable
cool oh my gosh in Kirby and the
Forgotten land my two-year-old
this story takes place in the Forgotten
land after being struck by a powerful
medor causing some mysterious
changes gives you a reason to get back
through
it we hope you're looking forward to
kiry's new
[Music]
adventure Metroid Prime 4 Beyond will
have both a Nintendo switch and a
Nintendo switch 2 Edition oh yeah baby
show me that new
[Music]
suit oh my gosh guys please buy my add
to standard controls you can use Mouse
controls for intuitive gameplay on I
hope it works really well I'm so excited
plus you can explore the immersive World
in 4k at 60 frames per second or enjoy
smoother action in full HD at
let's go choose from these two modes
both of which support hdr on your
preference
[Music]
and I'm just so excited bro Pokemon
Legends Za which is scheduled to launch
later this year will not only receive a
Nintendo switch I just want this game to
run Nintendo switch 2 Edition as
well by taking advantage going go 720p
to 721 you can enjoy your adventure in
lumio city with enhanced resolution and
frame rates crap on Pokemon I'm I'm not
crabing on it they're fun games but the
Nintendo switch 2 Edition games just saw
be available as both physical and digit
I look forward to still reading the
voice
acting and if you already own the
Nintendo switch version of a game you
can play the Edition by purchasing an
upgrade
pack we hope you're looking forward to
who don't watch live streams are going
be so freaking confused I'm so sorry
guys next I'd like to introduce a brand
new game featuring Mouse controls with
the joy cont two controllers is this
going to be a cute little arcade game I
mean hey is it a is it a new not shooter
I love that it's that they did the thing
I just realized oh was it a DJ
thing it's instead of Wii music it's wi
DJ oh wait no that's not what I thought
at
all am I allowed to play this
game it's like
but
not drag and
drive are they actually doing that with
their hands is that what is that what
that is
looks this is this is the arms for
switch 2 but it's Wheels
they wanted to name it wheels and then
someone shot him down we're going to
name it Wheels no you're
not how many people can you have in the
lobby High intense gam Play 3 m hour
[Music]
it's arms but
not in Drag and drive you'll use both
joycon 2 controllers as mice to
intuitively pull off various
moves we hope you're looking forward to
a new Twist on three onree matches using
dual Mouse
controls next here are some games from
our publishing and development partners
coming to Nintendo switch 2 they wanted
a at wheel
I have long observed the lands
between what in the
world what in the world I that was not
you the Rays of Grace what the guide you
through your
bir that's
Bonkers okay that's Bonkers like you
hear about oh like elen ring on swe yeah
that's like okay buddy I have no but
they did it you will become eler Lord
wow bro may you take the throne
wow that is that is amazing that is
amazing am I still going to play it I
don't know but that is amazing Bro games
here to say that Hades 2 is coming to
Nintendo switch yes our first ever
sequel introduces the princess of the
Dead an immortal witch out to Vanquish
the Sinister Titan Hades is like one of
my most played switch games it is
perfect for traveling it is
just reacts to your every in Victory
it's the kind of I'm so excited fores
too I'm getting it on switch I don't
need it on PC I will play on switch and
switch
only so
excited Monster
Hunter Street
Fighter w
[Music]
br oh can we get a switch to upgrade of
Montana
rise wow look at
those sick
sick initiating Arsenal boot sequence
weapon safety mechanism confirmed all
oper at normal levels testing data link
with spine normal are we trying to get
back into d x Machina after two long
Wars where our freedom was restricted we
will
finally nothing was a bigger let down
than Damon X need of a new Arsenal new
equipment and money I'm for sale I was
so excited for that game I was so
excited and it just my thanks for the
war hopes were shot
down this planet will be
ours The Sovereign
Axiom the Trinitas has almost completed
a weapon that was created to destroy all
Humanity wow that looks sick because
we're in the middle of a war don't you
get it I won't just stop you I'll tear
you apart yep all children bring hope to
our lives do we do we try again
y'all September do we try again hey this
is Joseph fars from hazelight Joseph I'm
super excited for split fiction to come
to Nintendo switch 2 the game is story
about friendship you play as Mi who
rides sci-fi and Zoe writes
fantasy together they get trapped in
their own stories it's a really fun game
you came play it to help them Break
Free let me tell you this you feel like
it takes two you're going to love this
one trust me and of course you'll be
able to play split fiction on the day
switch to lashes
sick at EA Sports
we're bringing fans together across the
world both on the pitch and on the GD
iron we're excited anoun Sports FC will
be coming to sport DMC mden NFL will
also be arriving on the Nintendo
platform so excited you guys it's in the
game it's in the game hi I'm Alan 2 from
Avalanche
software we are bringing Hogwarts Legacy
to Nintendo switch
to graic and world this is so cool
you'll be immersed in The Wizarding
World like never
before and the new mouse controls on
switch 2 give you even more ways to exp
never Harry Potter but I'm excited for
the people who like Harry Potter
discover the enhanced magic when
Hogwarts Legacy Launches on the same day
as switch to yeah if things have the
capability of running Captain is that M
supposed to be oh my gosh Tony Hawk Pro
sker 3
dude first three was my freaking Jam bro
why did I ever trade that in don't ask
me I regret it's m
St I'm glad that that's all I traded in
though actually no I lied I traded in
Tony Haw Pro Skater 3 and sharktail
which I also regret cuz that game was
fun
SpongeBob a few moments later
hello this is Christian Elam from iio
interactive we are bringing our Flagship
title Hitman world of assassination to
Nintendo switch 2
Hitman as the best assassin in the trade
Agent 47 does everything he can to
accomplish his
mission and how each Mission progresses
will vary depending on the player's
imagination our ever expanding game
death by Hipp it's actually very
possible
plus we are excited to bring another
agent to the
platform John
Wick John Wick it better be John Wick it
better be John Wick or I don't
[Music]
care James Bond okay that's also very
[Music]
cool James Bond the world's favorite spy
is coming to Nintendo switch 2 so stay
tuned
cool the story of light and Shadow that
never Fades is
[Music]
reborn bravely defaults remastered in
high definition absolutely well aware of
how many default commands how many tur
games are coming to
Swit change and customize jobs to build
out your very own party enjoy your
adventure with upgraded features and
advancements and all new mini games with
unique ways to
play Square enex presents the classic
fantasy RPG Bravely Default Flying Fairy
HD remas flying fair in Lux and dark as
a warrior of light
more oh shoot
anytime I have ever come in watching a
yaku stream y'all be doing some of the
most weird stuff ever and I never fully
know what the game is about like I never
come in during a like a heavy story
moment it's always during
like naked wrestling or something and
I'm like what am I watching we'll have
more games to show from ourish and
development so glad things are coming to
Swit now we'd like to show a game being
developed in collaboration with Nintendo
please take a
look we have to do this every direct
[Music]
now oh my God is it a tears of the
Kingdom Warriors game who descended from
the heavens are they going to fix the
story hands with the hens who dwell on
the surface I to fix their led to a
great and prosperous kingdom
get away but in time a terrible evil the
fact that she didn't remember any of
this when she
fell a war was fought to Vanquish this
evil you should have lost your memory in
this game Girl Generations would
call the imprisoning
war please give us some dep you truly
have traveled back in time it's her
journey bro
please fig slot holes
please then that must mean this really
is the past oh my
gosh I need this bro if anybody needs
this game it's me bro it's me I'm sorry
I don't mean to sound like it but I need
it I need this game oh my
God no [ __ ] hey bro are
you please make the story Canon please
make a Canon please make this Canon
please I don't care if any of the other
ones aren't Canon I need this one to be
Canon I don't think you understand how
much I need this one to be
Canon I will wait I will wait as long as
it takes bro I need this Warrior's age
of imprisonment oh my God I'm sweating
it's being developed by COA techmo games
with support from
Nintendo we hope you're looking forward
to the untold story of the imprisoning
war which took place in Hyrule long ago
oh my gosh if they give us more depth to
the
sages and now some news about Nintendo
switch
online you can continue Nintendo switch
online on switch 2 I hope it's Canon I
hope it's Canon Nintendo switch online
plus expansion
pack you can enjoy a new membership
benefit exclusively on switch 2 please
take a look at this is it GameCube
online I will
cry oh my
God Nintendo switch online plus
expansion pack will be getting a new
classic game Library exclusive to
Nintendo switch 2 Nintendo GameCube
originally released in 2001
here are the titles that will be
available at launch a Legend of Zelda
game that looks like a cartoon come to
life through cell shading controlling
the wind using a mysterious Paton link
set sail on an adventure across the
Great Sea this is the OG version there
is transcending history and the world a
tale of Souls and swords eternally
retold in this 3D weapons based fighting
game each fighter comes equipped with a
different weapon and from The Legend of
Zelda I remember debating between rening
Smash Brothers Melee or Soul Galler 2
because link was on both of them White
Knuckle racing at speeds over 2,000 kmph
oh my God dir Mach will put it all on
the line in RAC featuring the series
first machine customization Story mod I
will cry even more if they put Star Fox
ass zero GX if they put Star Fox ass
Soul I'm going to pass out support
multiplayer four can play together
or
online and Kirby air ride enjoy these
classic games oh my God I'm so excited
and higher resolution than the original
releases oh my God you can also check
the controls for each title and
customize them to your
liking I've been waiting so long for
this dude more titles will be added in
the
[Music]
future Nintendo GameCube Nintendo
Classics the switch 2 exclusive game
Library coming to Nintendo switch online
so excited launches the same day as the
Hardware's release I'm so excited and a
dedicated controller designed after the
original GameCube controller will also
be released oh my God it can connect
wirelessly and also has a c button to
quickly access game chat oh my God I
love Nintendo GameCube controller
exclusively available for Nintendo
switch online members will also be
available the same day as Nintendo
switch oh she's beautiful dude whether
you're familiar with the game you've
never seen me cry shut up you liar we
hope you're looking forward to nintend
Sor telling the truth Nintendo Classics
oh my god of course you can continue to
playes from the systems shown here on
Nintendo switch
2 okay let's see some more games from
our publishing and development Partners
someone clip clot me saying GameCube
online at the beginning of the
direct what the heck that's
adorable was this Delta Rune I was going
to
say I never got to
play any of
this
[Music]
whoa you know they did didn't announce
Star Fox assault right
away which makes me think that maybe
they're going to rework control no
they're doing a GameCube controller so
they wouldn't necessarily need to rework
controls I'm really excited for Delta
room fans though I know a lot of yall
love Delta
R I will
say
um undertale had like um the heavy metal
covers for undertale are like some of my
favorite what Borderlands 4 our upcoming
Flagship Borderlands game will launch on
Nintendo switch 2 that's cool
Borderlands is back Loot and shoot your
way through a world filled with wild
enemies and outrageous you should make a
joke in Borderland style right now about
the development and it's already the
most ambitious Portlands game we've ever
made do I have makeup all over my face I
probably do I'm scared to Che we'll be
sharing a lot of the game month ahead
and there's more from 2K on the way hi
I'm
look we're relasing the Nintendo switch
2 edition of Sid Meers civilization 7
dude game you'll establish an Empire and
guide your people throughout the ages of
history with the new mouse control
exactly what it sound like enjoy a more
intuitive gameplay
experience civ7 Launches on the same day
as switch 2 cool and if you already own
the Nintendo switch version you can
experience Mouse controls on switch 2 by
purchasing the upgrade we don't have m
we have even more news from
2K hi I'm L Jinx and I'm Ben Bishop our
final announcement for today is that WWE
2K is coming to Nintendo switch 2 you
know who's happy about this NBA 2K as
well some of y'all but some other people
in particular and on the
court four kids by this old tattered man
off they went armed with nothing but
youthful enthusiasm and a profound when
you think Star Fox assault is coming out
it's terrible staring I can't stop
thinking about it
bro oh no awesome oh no wait what
happened is this just the trailer is
this me or is this everybody amazing
doesn't it oh
no oh no really have started to oh no is
this just their trailer next stop the
top oh no h nice is this everybody well
I think that's everything let's set sail
that makes so for home oh I'm so sad for
them did their trailer net render I'm
Dave Crooks from Dodge roll oh no it's
the entire
stream here's the first look at enter
the gungeon 2 Enter the gungeon wait
hold on you
guys that's an aim for the gungeon's
depths in the whole it's the whole
stream now reloaded in a new 3D art
style it's the whole stream you can
expect some fan favorite elements to
return we still working on the game this
has never happened before for me
fure you need to pay for the upgrade we
need the Nintendo ah Nintendo Nintendo
hit the pause button go
back hold on I never do this but let's
just let's just see the
chat okay there we
go wow maybe the direct rendered poorly
dang
dude they be like you know what we're
going to give you a free
feature we'll a free feature in the next
[Music]
direct
wait yeah it didn't render
right oh
no hello my name is Adam bski from s
we are delighted to bring the IM of the
Future For the First Time cyber Punk
2077 what do I do do they have they have
on set in night thanks to Nintendo
switch 2 you can transport yourself to
the City of Dreams at home on I don't
what to do get ready to meet
Unforgettable characters and discover
engaging stories when cyberp punk 2077
Ultimate Edition comes to Nintendo
switch 2 on no it's a rendering
it's a rendering
thing UK version works someone had the
link for it can you give me the link
Nintendo Final Fantasy
remake give me give me the link give me
the
link
me oh my gosh stop typing stop typing
for okay I love you thank you thank you
it's thank you wait Final Fantasy 7's
coming to the switch I missed
that Final Fantasy 7 remake was coming
to the
switch and cyber Punk okay well cyber
Punk hit silk song in 2025 we got a
crumb ladies and gentlemen
[Music]
we got a silk song
[Music]
mention we got
[Music]
Aion Nintendo America's back in syn I
wonder what happened
[Music]
Outlaws it's crazy all these games are
coming over
baby there's a slight audio looks like
[Music]
yep all the things we saw on the switch
one direct are coming over
understandable re animal TQ
Nord fortnite of course of
[Music]
course I'm telling you right now in
future directs I'm probably going to
lose my mind if starf Fox assaults gets
announced and I know for a fact they're
going to play the title theme for Star
Fox assault I'm going to dance it is
going to happen I don't think you
[Music]
understand I have to remember to do that
correctly every single time now we've
shown a lot of games so far the next
game will be the last from our
publishing and development Partners
Prime four please take a look Prime
four Prime four more
that's not
[Music]
prime is he sleep or is
he this
this is this creepy or sad I give
you my
blood I give
you my life
turn a
wheel and transport
him to a night of
moonlight to Humanity's very
dusk I have no idea what this
is from software wait what the
[Music]
heck is this
bloodborne I I don't I don't play I've
only played SEO this is
bloodborne oh my
gosh um
[Music]
looks like we're have to play bloodborne
looks like we're have to play
bloodborne this is actually massive I
know I know um a couple of y'all also
aren't into the fromsoft but
D two from soft
games oh my gosh Elden ring night
rain does that frog have boobs that frog
has boobs good for
them I don't know what any of this
is close your eyes looks fantastic
though contemplate now the moon as beit
the soon to
depart I pray that you are able carrier
of
blood I must have the audio
delay Elden
ring this doesn't
look the moon tears will flow for one is
that the voice actor for
Victor and one alone that's the voice
actor for Victor
1,00% dusk Blood The Dusk Bloods this is
none of the above shut up chat shut up
baiting me Dusk Bloods you guys were all
we're all
wrong I'm not that's a
rat is that a sad rat are you sad or are
you
mad I guess we'll find out you all suck
you all suck
none of you knew what you just saw was a
brand new game by from soft wait which
means that literally is a brand new game
that they announced will
beish game director Miyazaki will share
more details about the game is this
coming out first there's no way that's
all from our publishing and development
Partners is this coming out on switch
before PC or they just announced it also
coming onment Partners who prepared
footage for this presentation that is
Bonkers to
that is
Bonkers in addition to what you saw
today our partners are working on many
games to Nintendo switch I should shut
up we'll showcase more games in the
future looking
for yo people are going to be so mad
next please take a look at this wait but
you said there was one you said that was
last game so there's probably one more
feature got do this every time
now wait
wait a minute new
Kirby it's Wind Waker sound effect new
Kirby new
Kirby Sakurai did
tweet not a new Smash there's no way
there's not a new Smash there's not no
no did soccer I lie cuz it just cuz I
tweet doesn't mean oh my God
what this is going to go one or two ways
what the is it Kirby air ride shut up
bro is it Kirby airide oh my God if it's
Kirby airide dude I swear to
[Music]
God
[Music]
it's yes bro
[Music]
com my I don't even care it's [ __ ]
cre Air Riders Air Riders plural plural
plural I I don't know what's going to be
in this direct I'm not part of Nintendo
yeah
right Kirby aide which originally
released on the Nintendo GameCube system
over 20 years ago is getting a brand new
game W baby we hope you're looking
forward to Kirby Air Riders directed by
masah Hero Sakurai I'm
crying next is our last trailer for
today please sh bro there's more they
keep lying they keep lying oh Jesus my
God what is
this new toad
game Kirby air ride in 2025 bro shut
up
[Music]
inot I messed up my
headset a new
DK it's a
oh my
God he's got the Mario movie model
[Music]
too shut up a 3D
GK how long has it been
[Music]
sorry I'm going to socer Twitter to call
him a
liar oh my God gosh this looks so
good the music's sick time to listen to
this on repeat like I do gang playing
gallion
[Music]
oh oh
God I'm ready for screenshots of
her bananza let's
Y is this
launch a little bit after but that's
okay a little bit
after that was a brand new 3D platform
action game starring Donkey Kong called
Donkey Kong
bonanza with Incredible strength smash
through enemies oh my god dude the
ground and just about everything as you
demolish your way through a massive
underground World more details will be
shared in the future we hope you're
looking forward to
it thank you for watching so far our boy
what do you mean so far why do they keep
doing this this is like post credit post
credit post
credit Launches on June 5th price yeah
price finally here are the hardware
options that will be available at launch
options three releas Nintendo switch 2
as well as a bundle that includes a
digital version of Mario Kart World
$3.99 with the
bundle for more details please check the
official Nintendo switch website which
goes live later today no just tell us
the
price we've covered a lot of information
tell us the price but that's all we have
to share for today that's fine you'll
have to wait just a bit longer for
launch we are very much looking forward
to everyone being able to experience so
excited bro I'm going to say9 for us
today thank you very much thank you
thank
you look at all of look at all of them
bro everything's coming over no price
reveal wow
dude let's go I'm so excited for the
future this is just a start just a start
some solid mentions just to
start wow
guys it's going to be $600 I mean yeah
maybe they didn't want to so soil it you
know what I'm saying that is Bonkers I
had to I had to go to to soccer I
Twitter and be like wait because I like
a tweet earlier this morning of him
being like just cuz I tweet doesn't mean
I know anything I don't know I don't
work at
Nintendo you think it's definitely 500
or more I mean okay we have to realize
right I don't want to say this is the
first time they've really pushed on
delivering more on the performance side
right because the GameCube at the time
maybe unintentionally was incredibly
actually powerful for the time no Star
Fox assault yet also hi Bubba um
dude I okay did I say Kirby airde when
the NSO came out because Kirby airde and
Star Fox assault were too I'm peeking so
bad I'm so sorry but also I'm
not like this is they're really they're
they're they're they're doing exactly as
I hoped where they're bringing things
over that allow for for devs to perform
right like this isn't about like oh you
know it gets to a certain point where
it's it's not just devs being lazy to
make this happen you know this is insane
to me that they just I mean if they just
dropped it like you know kind of like oh
yeah by the way it's coming out I don't
think you understand I mean if you're in
chat and you hear me rant about this
somehow all the time CU you guys always
somehow trigger me um if there is a
switch switch to version it's going to
run super smooth because Warriors games
you know need to run smoother for switch
2 if this is actually Canon I really
hope that this is actually Canon I I
like I really hoped it for age of
Calamity I really hoped it and then we
found out okay it's you know I really
hope they take this time and like okay
third installment we know people love
our games let's give some more buildup
let's give some more buildup I need
these characters flushed out I need us
to get more time with this I need to
care again I need to care again I
literally woke up this morning and flaw
goes to me excited maybe they announced
a new Zelda and I looked at him and I
was like you
know they have to win me back a little
bit I really hope that this does for me
I'm just telling you right now I would
make a video on tears of the Kingdom but
it's just not worth it um this is
freaking huge bro this is freaking huge
I know that this could be like oh miss
this isn't that big of a deal they could
have just brought this out on switch one
no this is the perfect time this is the
perfect time I'm so excited for it I'm
so excited I'm so excited it is there
you go you got your wind wer classic if
the HD for this and Twilight Princess
come out later that's great um also OG
Twilight Princess could just be
announced for NSO online technically
because believe it or not Twilight
Princess it's kind of like breath of the
wild it literally was for the GameCube
and then they delayed it to come out
with with the Wii so they could also
just do OG Twilight Princess And to be
honest the uh the GameCube version is
superior actually I like it better even
than
HD bro solid direct solid direct like
we're going to we're going to hear about
more things obviously as time goes we
have Metroid Prime 4 to be expecting I
have a new Kirby airide dude we have a
brand new from software
game that got announced now I know
there's a lot of people men just because
people actually care about exclusives or
whatever um I only I've only played
parts of
Saro and I enjoyed
it but this this could
perhaps be my first from software game
in total I know people are really going
to upset them but you know what
hey I want to try it okay first and
foremost Mario Kart 9 looks great the
wall riding the rail
grinding um Mario
not just Mario Party the mouse controls
I'm really really curious to see how
well they
work and then the face cam
again a it kind of sucks that it's a
separate attachment and it's not in the
switch itself but B I would rather just
be an option versus a b forced into the
console that either a people don't use
we get the double chin
angle um and then maybe like they have
to sacrifice things to make it like a
feature in the system itself
um I don't know how much these upgrades
are going to be when it comes to oh buy
the switch 2 version I hope it's no more
than $10 depending on what is included
if it's a whole other like additional
DLC with a bunch of new types of mini
games again that's going to be
subjective to everybody and if you know
you're not going to get it like that's
totally understandable I think that's
really cute but I wonder if there's
going to be like a um how do you say
like a format in which you need to set
your camera up very specifically like
here here's the border for your head
here's the border for your feet you need
to make sure so you're probably you know
going to have to have enough room to set
up your camera properly
um yeah I don't know we'll see how all
of that runs again Nintendo's all have
been they've always been about trying
new things being avanguard trying new
gimmicks other companies have tried it
too and some of those have failed and
they haven't decided to Branch back out
with those gimmicks right so we've seen
a lot safer if in my opinion too safe of
uh subsequent launches for for things
where they don't try new stuff I'm glad
Nintendo is still continuing that I love
this addition this addition I should say
for for breath of the wild I think
that's going to be really fun for people
who still play this game games plural
because there's still people playing
breath of the wild um Che the kingom in
my
opinion much
more
uh enjoyable gameplay I love te's
gameplay more than breath of wild now um
but breath of wild I think overall is
just the better game in total very
excited dude these these shots of of
actually Metroid I think were some of
the best shots I've seen um in general
you know like when she's going from
morphball or she's coming out of
morphball and it goes back into that
first person mode you could really see
the shine on her suit um but quality
mode versus performance mode insane bro
the fact that we're going to get the
option and you know for a fact that if
anything Retro Studios is like they're
going to deliver like this shot right
here sick you you saw you saw those
angles you saw those angles on her
suit uh Pokemon I mean it's I would like
to think they're going to give us
just something for switch to but I mean
again we'll see this is so funny to me
okay when I see games like this I'm
joking like oh this is switch 2's
version of arms right first off is it
going to have a slapping of a soundtrack
's arms um and then I get that parallel
right where it's like okay for me
personally I want to be like ha he you
know a little cheesy but it's cute like
you see the cat ears cute but then I'm
like oh my gosh if I'm a parent you know
I want and my kid sees this and she's
like oh that looks like so much fun blah
blah blah who am I to be like you can't
get it I think it
looks 2 miles hour like I don't care if
if if it looks fun to a child or or
anybody for that matter but for me as a
parent that's all that matters that's I
mean that's all that really matters in
general with freaking video games but
Nintendo it's like I love the
fact Elder ring insane insane Hades
cannot freaking wait I still have yet to
play two I refuse to play it ahead of
launch
um James Bond where is it that the
trailer worked
out okay hold up a second
second can we rewatch this trailer
really
quick I just can we just rewatch this
for a
second um we'll watch The Treehouse
together I don't think I'm going to
upload it
um but we'll we'll watch it together
let's just rewatch this trailer really
quick because there was a lot and I was
screaming for now we'd like to show a
game being developed in collaboration
with Nintendo please take a look 94.99
with Mario Kart pack okay yep that's
what I figured oh that's what
everybody's saying okay that's what I
think
yeah soon as I saw K Tech Mo zai who
descended from the
heavens joined hands okay really quick
if you're in twitch chat or you're in
YouTube chat and you've seen me talk
about this before I haven't made a tears
the Kina video it's been one of the
greatest conflicts I've had with myself
for the last couple years my biggest
thing about tears of the kingdom is
start the game with Zelda seeing these
hieroglyphs and she's like I vaguely
know of this I vaguely see what's going
on and then she teleports directly into
that timeline not even 15 minutes later
and somehow doesn't remember any of it
without any Exposition as to why she
can't put the pieces
together she's the Triforce of wisdom
holder she's supposed to be one of the
wisest alive you mean to tell me she
can't put two and two together no not
buying it they need to flesh us out they
need to give us a reason for any of this
who dwell on the
surface you say secret Stones I'm
Banning you stupidest name
ever but in time a terrible oh my gosh I
had no idea son was going to get got
what do you mean it's the exact same
girl
car I can't point cuz my green SC it
doesn't move me move me move me since
we're here what is this what is this
[Music]
what did you think was going to happen
what did you think was going to happen
she literally she literally had the
blueprint
bro that was such a such a Twist I know
it was going to happen what are you
five a war was fought to Vanquish this
evil one which future Generations would
call I really hope I care about these
Sages bro I really hope I care about
these
sages perhaps you truly have traveled
back in
time other biggest thing too I will say
they better have a scene in which he's
like oh well what happened how did you
get here they L how do that conversation
just never pop up oh you collapsed on
this ground you say you say You must
have traveled back in time because
you're from Generations later how do we
get you back oh I don't know when you
lose your sunglasses what do you do you
retrace your steps okay where where was
I before this what was I
doing listen I know it's a Warriors game
but I need it to be Canon I need it to
be
Canon so that's hro castle that must
mean this really is the past then yeah
yeah Zelda he literally said he's the
first king of hyu what do you mean
I need to care about this gorf I need
more I need more from him the fact that
we used Matthew
Mercer as Ganondorf I mean these
abilities look sick she's using like
some whip looking
thing it looks like there might be power
ups of some sort or was that just for a
story
stuff these just just be I mean it's
it's the same theme crisis confirmed
449 cool confirmed 449
okay that was hyro Warriors better clock
that line they freaking took out a Mala
just devel bych games with support from
nintend well all right listen y'all the
other thing I care to rewatch through
other than that GameCube controller
looks so sick I'm going to put it right
next to my wired controller cuz I still
have my OG
controller um where is this bro
I don't think you understand Kirby aide
first off has a slaping soundtrack this
is obviously a sequel Sakurai is a liar
with all due
respect um I wonder if there's going to
be like a like a single player story
maybe in I just can't believe we have a
new Kirby aide not just a port a new
Kirby air ride yeah as soon as I saw
that soon as I saw that freaking engine
propeller looking thing
wild I'm so excited I'm so excited not
only not only to be a new Mario Kart be
the new Kirby Aid oh my
gosh kir Aid does control very
differently than than Mario um so I will
tell you right now if you're expecting
to be like Oh I'm good at Mario Kart
it's it's a little bit different than
Mario Kart unless he decides to change
the the physics of
it you sneaky you you
[Music]
sneaky if we're entering the GameCube
homage era as you say a um that's like
all I mean yeah we and Beyond but like
for flat out like GameCube is genuinely
for me personally like the first time I
really got to like get to enjoy games at
home because my parents were very much
just everything arcade and a brand new
Donkey Kong dude and not just that it's
it's a 3D again like I love 2D I think
it's great but the fact that we're
getting look look at
these look at these
environments and what was it forbidden
Kirby in the was forbidden
dude that was such a fun
game with some of the craziest levels
that you never thought would be in a
Kirby game remember that bus the the bus
uh level I'm just so
excited and he's got the we're moving on
with the movie model that's
awesome and who he's got the little
companion so I'm I'm curious to see what
exactly the storyline is going to be for
it but looks great dude I'm so
excited like look at that
Bonkers just rip out the floor knock
everything out
Donkey Kong's like ground Pound Down
ain't got nothing on
me geez bro give me this music give me
this
music Insane
[Music]
dude
beautiful banana
banana
I I can't believe I can't believe it
[Music]
so feel like we're going to be fighting
like a a monkey gang monkey monkey
Mafia the monkey if you
will yeah there is a slight audio delay
not even on live it's just in general
yeah which which means it tell me seems
like the rendering seem to have gone
wrong for these videos so US Direct just
got privated uk1 didn't they're fixing
the rendering error that's what it seems
like cuz I mean you just saw that that
audio delay I don't think it was
probably drastic enough him to notice it
so first time ever I think that's
actually happened I wonder if someone's
getting fired that's I hope they don't
get fired maybe just a slap on the hand
but someone should have checked that
render it seems to me you know maybe
they checked the first 20 30 minutes of
the render and they're like ah good
enough and then it was just after
that well gee y'all well
goodness
gracious June 5th confirmed
449 confirmed
449 I'm assuming with the bundle it's
going to
be
500 perhaps that's still a lot of money
and like hey I do I do want to preface
this entire watch through of I am well
aware just
how expensive life is in general right
now so if you're looking at this and
you're like I cannot afford this right
now that is absolutely okay I do not no
one should feel
like just so driven by the fear of
missing out that you would put
yourself in a financial hole to buy this
right away some of these games aren't
even rolling out for a couple
months take your time don't feel
stressed and if you see people with this
they're either getting sponsored or they
have the extra money or they're a
Creator and that's like what they do so
it's also like a tax write off or
something like please video games are
entertainment their luxury take your
time save up but some of y'all you know
I always feel bad when we like I'm I you
know like I'm a bad gamer I'm not a real
gamer who even came up with this
standard of you need to have everything
right away in order to be a real gamer
that's not you are a human being and a
hopefully a productive citizen of your
Society first and a gamer second gamer
gamers are Hobbies so I don't mean to
get on my soap box but if you're feeling
bad please don't there literally please
don't okay listen I loved this direct
and the fact that we have we've opened
the window to possibilities now for
future directs of game announcements not
only with seeing the specs and the
performance capabilities of this next
switch but also GameCube NSL Bonker to
me conkers Nintendo has pre-order
registration on the my Nintendo store my
Nintendo account holders need to
register looks like at least Nintendo's
official pre-orders will be a lottery
okay well there you go you heard it
here Double Dash air
ride Star Fox assault those are like
three of my top multiplayers actually
did one of you just say Double
Dash if they bring Double Dash to NSO I
will also cry because Double Dash Rambo
Road is one of my favorites ever DK
Mountain from Double Dash is also one of
the best ever
and uh yeah I just I'm so excited so
many
possibilities and you know
what I'm just really
happy I'm just really
happy my mom's side's coming out listen
I just see comments all the time of
people feeling bad about not being able
to get things right away and it sucks
that we have to
live in a in a niche interest to where
you're made to feel bad if you don't
have it right away and you shouldn't be
please know it is a okay and if you
can't watch streams because you don't
want to be spoiled on a game you don't
have yet I also completely understand
that completely
understandable um Smash Brothers Melee I
don't
know I
don't I know I would sound more NSO
memberships I don't know um how they're
going to handle smash melee if they
wanted because smash melee is still so
popular nowadays I don't know if they I
don't know how they would handle that I
feel like they would sell that as like a
whole separate game just in in and of
itself as much as I love melee and yes
melee was again another one of those
multiplayer games like I said I
literally
remember Su staining in the aisle of
Blockbuster
just got my GameCube um and my dad's
like go pick out a game to rent and I
was looking at Soulcalibur had Link's
face on it soulcaliber 2 and Smash
Brothers Melee and you know link is
there with his sword and I'm like
there's both link and I literally turned
to the thank God I turned to the kids
next to me there were two two boys and I
was like hey hi um which one of these
two do you personally prefer and they're
both like well this one has I'm like you
know I really love link well this one
has link but it's not really like like
Nintendo it's just featuring link this
one has got like Pokemon and Donkey Kong
and Metroid so you might like these if
you like the other games too I was like
oh okay thanks I tried melee and I fell
in love ever
since so shout out to those two boys in
Blockbuster um yeah dude I don't know
that's
Bonkers add me a Double Dash no what it
kind Mario you got Mario Kart 8 in Mario
Kart
World melee online would be super
popular it would break
online all right y'all well G
Willers G willikers give me give me big
again too
big um I'm doing it this way today
because I haven't fixed my scenes thanks
for hanging out with me during this
direct this
was an hourong direct but that little
boy was thanks thanks I knew it could
count on you what a solid first lineup
not just for launch I'm sure we're
actually going to hear about some more
games um even if it's just on social
media but the fact that we're giving so
much flexibility to devs now and into
the future the fact that we're getting
the performance that we've been hoping
for is also freaking huge and the fact
that we're getting more through through
NSO is so exciting plus you know they've
just announced the Nintendo Today app
and then the music app so and they've
already had the Nintendo app um which I
personally used a lot for Splatoon I'm
just really excited overall to see kind
of how the entire ecosystem comes
together
so with that being said
um I think I'm gonna call it here
because I know for a fact I want to get
this video up for y'all and uh well I
guess this is already up on YouTube so
thanks to everybody who's who's been
watching uh live first off shout out to
all the live viewers I appreciate you
guys I love you guys so much um and then
if you're watching after the fact thank
you for hanging out and listening to me
blab and and all that good stuff I just
hope you guys you know how much I
appreciate you
um yeah we'll come back here live in a
little bit
um probably on Twitch or something and
hang out but uh I'm going to get I'm
going to get this stuff wrapped up silk
song got a
mention got a
mention uh but if you thank you for
watching since the beginning of the
switch era now and well into this time
where we're here in the next chapter
it's crazy and it's even more exciting
than i' originally even planned for and
I was already excited before you got me
to cry so kudos to you you Indy you got
me to cry you got me to get up and walk
across the room that's also big cuz it's
been a hot
minute gez jeez Louise I'm so excited um
thank you guys for watching though I am
I'm going to roll the credits give me
the trailer from Mario Kart World cuz I
want to play that music again I want I
want to play that music out to the
credits so if you see your name in the
credits thank you for making this stream
and every other stream like this
possible do you think this brand new
marioart game um and you know if you
don't see your name in the CRS that's
also okay thank you for being here thank
you for being here um where is
this is there music for
this where is scroll I want this music
so
bad yes give me
this okay all right I love you guys I
will see you in the next video thanks
for hanging out thanks for being here
right appreciate you guys so much please
take care of yourself love yourself love
others I will talk to you in a little
bit but I'm going to go clean up my face
and process what I just watched because
good Lord there was a
lot um yeah love you guys we'll see you
in the next one stay awesome stay
beautiful stay Savage tata for now guys
where is this music give me this
music also I love this whole like setup
that we have here for the new direct
stuff we're getting colors back and I'm
very excited about that all right
appreciate you guys love you going out
to the Mario trailer stay awesome stay
beautiful stay Savage bye guys I'll see
you later
[Music]
woohoo let's go Yahoo
[Music]
w
[Music]
[Music]
what
[Music]