some other teams or they've had their
issues like you know it's it's just hard
to it's hard you just have a lot of hard
conversations during that time and you
know you start to make one mistake and
you're like damn like we're doing this
again you you stop trusting your
teammates as much like maybe it's
something like that could be something
like but they're still a pretty solid
team for sure you know who you're going
up against next thieves yeah yeah so
last time you faced them you guys got
that lead thoughts going up against the
team again because you talked about them
a little earlier on yeah I mean honestly
The way the first uh match went was very
disappointing. I have to say they played
one of maybe their worst early games in
recent memory. It
was kind of unbelievable. But we threw
such a massive lead doing exactly what
Fudge said before. The the classic hit
Articon into loose combination peso
team. The peslo team. Uh it's like the
kryptonite. Yeah, that's one of the
specials for sure. But it's true what
you say, you know, they're playing a
little bit worse nowadays. I think might
have something to do with
uh champion pool issues. Some of the
stuff that was present last year is not
as strong this year. For example, I
think Sniper was one of his best champs,
is Jax, and last year it was a power
pick, particularly due to lane swaps,
but just the whole time he was really
good at JS. Yeah, I'm sure he will still
play Jax. This year, I'm not sure if he
already has, but he really relies
oftentimes on these comfort picks. And
there's a reason why 100 bands rumble
every series. It's because they can't
play it and they can't play against it.
Mhm. So
things like this make 100 worse.
Obviously they are very decisive, very
scrappy. Sometimes squid pops off and
you know the team looks unbeatable and
sometimes they look like they're the
least cohesive team maybe in the whole
league. Yeah.
So, I think just, you know, leaning into
what our coaches suggest, which is this,
you know, slower, much more methodical
process will naturally lead to success.
Okay, that sounds great. I hope Sniper
plays Rumble against them. You said
that. I hope so. So funny. It's not
personal, but statistically it's true.
It's always funny. It's always funny.
The first day there scrims, they leave
open Rumble, they're thinking, man,
maybe this is the week. Then on stage
band no matter what. I mean just just
let them cook, bro. I hope they pick
Rumble. I hope he prepares it. You know,
I love to see G Snipes. I like G Snipes.
That's my boy. He's a good guy. He's
awesome. Uh the two teams that are not
that are going to be facing each other,
Lion versus C9. Not here. Say whatever
the hell you want about them. Um but
like where do you think I mean C9 is the
favorites for this one? Yep. Absolutely.
How do you think line if they were to
take a win, how would it happen? I think
Kenna and Saint, you know, they gota
they got to drop a couple nukes, you
know, both of them. Big nukes or like
just small ones? They got to be some big
nukes. I think that team probably has
some communication issues, you know. So,
and C9, they're a strong team. Like, I
just versed them, you know. We're a good
team and we lost to them. So, well, I
think it'll be hard for Lion. I don't
know why they're laughing, you know?
Like, I say good team and they laugh.
True. Kind of crazy. You were smiling,
bro. That's why I lost.
I have to point to the fact that I think
their two Korean solo laners have gotten
significantly better from where they
stood at the start of the year and
Thanos especially since last year.
Honestly, last split or of the last
split of last year, I was not impressed
with generally speaking. I think some of
their problems they had leading to them
not making worlds were stemming from
solo lane issues. I was not impressed
with his laning. I was not impressed
with his team fighting. But genuinely,
this split, it's night and day. Their
positioning is so much better. The way
they play flanks is so much better.
Their team fighting, their ability to
play the game in a way that's consistent
that in scrims gets them results and on
stage gets them results is very
admirable. I think they've done a great
job. And um you know, I'm not sure who's
pulling the strings behind the scenes.
Yeah. But that's sometimes I mean, like
I said, last vid uh last year, he helped
us for four weeks and it's the best we
got. Maybe Nick Smith is the guard. Nick
Smith. Shout out to Nick Smith. You're
the guard. I'll see you tomorrow.
But yeah, I like the way T play the
game. I'm good friends with Sven and you
know, I think they just play well
standard and L's really going to have to
look for holes. I think sometimes Lab is
a bit inconsistent. Today even versus
DSG, you know, they had a really poor
early game. they got exposed through
their duo either like poor laning, they
had counter pick and still they couldn't
get any advantage and they were a
complete liability in early game. So,
you know, maybe maybe we'll see
something and um yeah, I mean I've
already said that I think Saint is a
great player. Yeah, maybe superior
laning or spir team fighting will show
up from him and you know, maybe they
have a good chance. Sweet.
I think that's about it, guys. Look
forward to next week. Um, thanks for
watching on YouTube or listening on
Spotify, Apple Music, or wherever you
guys are getting your podcast. Be sure
to tune in to LTA next week for more
Fearless Best of Threes May 3rd and 4th.
Check that one out. Thank you guys.
Peace out. May the fourth be with you.
Um, where's the hole in that team?
That's that's a tough question. You
know, those are my potential future
teammates you're talking about. That's
true. But um, I just think you're not
happy with the ones you have
or what does that mean, bro? I heard
that. I was like, "It's a doggy dog
league." You know,
all for yourself, baby.
[Music]
Welcome everybody to this week's
episodes of Pros. We've got Isles,
Fudge, Scary Jerry. First of all, Scary
Jerry, you've been waiting a long time
now because we've been waiting on these
guys' games to finish up. Apologies.
Yeah, sorry about that. Sorry about
that. Yeah, it was like five hours of
waiting. You know, I thought I thought
after game two they they kind of had it
in the bag. You know, I was getting my
hopes up, but it was a it was a fun
series to watch. But what was happening
there?
I mean, game one I thought was pretty
clean. It was a pretty pretty smooth
win. Pretty good draft. I liked it. Game
two, I feel like our draft was a pretty
hard early game. And then we somehow got
out of the early game and were in a very
winning position and then just like
messed up a lot of fights. I don't think
I was very didn't play fights very well.
Mhm. And then eventually we had low
damage. We had very very low damage once
it got to like the later the latest
later stages. Yeah. Game three. Oh
Jesus. We hit out of we hit out of in
game three. All right. And uh we hit out
of and lost the game instantly as soon
as we hit out of. I don't know. It was
kind of goated there. You just like last
dying breath smited that thing. No, I
mean we just hit we just could just take
dragon. Yeah, it's true. And uh we we
did the the rookie mistake of of hitting
the objective when it's going to tear Al
and MR away. Yeah. Awesome. You were on
the other side of that. You ended up
getting a win. Two of the last games you
guys had like major deficit, came back,
climbed your way through it. How is it
feeling? How does it feel on the other
side of that? I have to say like the
second game was
was pretty shameful. I have to say I
think it's true what Fudge said that the
early game should be really hard. The
first I don't know maybe 16 17 minutes
should be very difficult. Yeah.
Especially after we got grubs. Um
there's always a situation where else
can dive one side from 100 to zero only
two people needed. Yeah. And then Mala
cannot show. So it's just pressure
everywhere. Dives can happen everywhere.
Vision advantage. But
somehow I played every dive so bad and I
don't know. I I don't know how it got so
bad to be honest. But cuz the first one
I mean these are long games anyway so I
would be surprised if you actually
remember it. First one was tough cuz
like I think maybe you were holding like
a headbutt pul cuz you had flash. Yeah.
And then you just like end up escaping
it. I queued too late. Yeah. Too late.
Yeah. The second one I don't know man.
They just came out of nowhere to defend
the dive dive. I don't know. That one's
still like I lived there, but it was
like a big temper loss at least. So,
Mhm. time wasted where we could have
been doing something useful. Just just
bad. And then one team fight a Drake and
then the game was like pretty much
unwininnable. Yeah. Somehow it became
winnable. It was
unwinable. I like pressed Q and fat
thing my ZAS twice. Twice. I remember I
was like so tilted after I did that. And
how can you guys keep uh cuz like first
of all, just putting this out there. fun
stat. Both you guys, Shopify and DIG,
have like the three longest games so far
in the split. First time you guys met
position phase in the last two games you
guys had. Um, so just like going through
that marathon, what is it like? Cuz
obviously the stress you guys are
getting tired as hell at some point, I'm
assuming. Oh yeah. And so like probably
tilted from previous decisions. So like
I I'll ask you Fudge in particular cuz
like being in a winning position and
then losing two times like that.
You already started. Just keep rubbing
it in there.
Just like talk me through it. I mean
it's I mean in game it doesn't feel like
super bad when you're playing long
games. Like it just feels like you're
just locked in, you know? You don't
really care too much about it. Obviously
like after the game it's tiring
especially if you lose it's more tilting
than if you just get stomped and you
just like move on. I feel like for me at
least. Yeah. Um cuz like Yeah. you make
like really bad mistakes, really bad
mechanical errors, and then lose a game.
Yeah. Often times it's easier to see
what you did wrong in that last game.
It's like, oh, I did this, this was
terrible, we lost because of this. In a
long game, you have to watch the whole
thing. Yeah. Yeah. And it's like, oh
yeah, 10 times I like missed my spells
here and messed up this team fight and
messed up this fight and didn't rotate
here. And you can find like 20 different
mistakes, you know, and those you can
talk about when you go into the review
room in between games. in between games.
For me, I was just like, I just into
team fights. We can move on, guys. Play
the next game. Like, that's what I was
thinking. Yeah. Cuz cuz to me, it's just
like if I just played better, I think we
would have just won in fights. Um,
but yeah, you don't really want to talk
too much about stuff that's not going to
be relevant to the next game. Mainly,
it's just draft talk to be honest. I
don't think unless it's like really
obvious like people are like really
desperate in early game for some reason.
Like you talk about like let's try not
to be so desperate early game. You talk
about the atmosphere, stuff like that.
But you try not to like talk about
in-game specific things cuz it kind of
just like leads into arguments a lot of
the time and you don't want to have
that. It's useless, you know? It's not
like you're going to take it into the
next game. But yeah, playing the games
afterwards is like when you feel the
tiredness. I feel like for me it's just
like pure adrenaline and focus the whole
time. And now it's like I'm trying to
mellow out, you know? Yeah.
Actually, by talking to Raz, my
therapist. See, hey, we got the couch
here for a reason. And the timbers, too.
You literally have it all, Dr. rest.
Now, we're going to continue on with the
therapy session, Jerry. Yeah. Cuz a I
don't know how you went through this day
cuz like not only did you have to wait
an extra long time for this series in
particular, but the first like the C9
game couldn't have felt good for you.
So, like how it's like so tell me just
like how your day went. I mean,
honestly, going into the C9 series like
we at least wanted to show signs of
life. Like I think I think we felt like
we could beat them. I think we can beat
any team. Like that's what every team
says. So, you know, I'm going to say
that. So, you're just going to go with
that? No, no, no. I'm I'm just being
selfaware about it, but I do believe
that, you know. Um, and I think game
one, like we we've struggled a lot in
game ones, not just on stage, but in
scrims, too. Like, we kind of got
stomped, but I think game two, we showed
a lot of good things. It was a lot of It
was really close, you know. It was It
was close. I was happy. Like, every
every game, every series I play, like I
just I learn a lot, you know, so I'm
appreciative of that. And then having to
wait. I'm honestly pretty excited to be
on pros. Like um I used to be a big fan
of the LCS. Like being able to do this
is fun. Hell yeah. You know, got me
through the five hours of waiting.
Thanks thanks to these two, you know,
they had to have the longest series
ever, the comebacks and stuff. So, but
no, just happy to be here. Made him
waiting. How's uh so because you guys I
guess we we should talk about it. You
ended up taking the a big win off of
Team Liquid and that must have felt
great, but it feels like a pretty crazy
week cuz that happens. Obviously, the
news about like the the coaching change
happened. This is your
first thing. Yeah, I love that, dude.
Love that, dude. My brother up there.
Uh, this is your rookie year, so like
just this has to have been like a very
tumultuous like kind of crazy year for
you to come in. No, that's that's a good
word, you know. I wouldn't say it's good
or bad. Yeah, cuz I'm here. But no, I
mean it's it's been crazy. I think the
the win against TL, it was much needed,
you know. I mean, having like if we went
07, right? And like let's say we went 06
and then we beat like uh like Dig or
Lion. Oh, that would be terrible.
Or he looked at me before he said it and
he was like I look I I looked directly
at him and he said,
you know, like let's say we beat one of
those teams or one of the teams, it
wouldn't feel as good, but beating TL
like you know it shows is like you know
we can do this guys. Um so it's good.
But the split I mean I've just been
learning a lot about myself. Like I
always say that when I'm losing because
like you know you got to take something
from it. You know it doesn't it doesn't
feel amazing but I I think it's fun to
just play League of Legends at the
highest level NA has to offer. Like
that's just fun to me like getting up
every day being able to scrim and like
learn a lot. Like I I like it. It's been
a rough split but it'll get better.
Yeah. Like I think something that I I
love about you is like the confidence
like cuz we saw that a little bit in in
when you were in Marville. you talk
trash or like if someone's talking in a
game, you're going to talk back. You
have to, man. And then you win, you end
up winning versus Team Liquid and you
start going off. Like where does that
come from generally? Where is that? Um,
well, I just have the belief that like
you have to be a fan of yourself at the
end of the day. Like especially if
you're on a losing team, like everyone
like no one else believes in you. The
fans don't believe in you. Like the
other teams don't believe in you. Um, so
you really just need to like what's
going to make you practice the hardest
you can every day. It's like having that
belief in yourself, right? So, I just
try to like I just try to be my biggest
cheerleader and like I really believe in
myself. Like obviously I love my team.
Yeah. You know, but you were asking
about me. Like I really believe in
myself and just like how much I can
improve. Like I think League of Legends
it's a game like I don't think it's that
complicated. I think it's like you
versus your bad habits. Like trying to
like get better at those, trying to like
increase your awareness in the game. So
you know that like why why not be
positive, right? That's what I think.
Say the same to you, Fudge. When you
first came in like you were pretty
confident. you were a big talker or at
least like somebody that had I feel like
that same mentality. Yeah. I mean, I
would say I would say I was a little bit
like insecure back then. I was pretty
like Yeah. I mean, still a little bit
insecure, don't get me wrong. I mean,
I'm human, but uh back then, I think the
reason why I talked so much was just cuz
I felt like I needed to say I was
superior to others. I didn't feel like
it. Yeah. Um, nowadays I kind of just
feel like, you know, I'm actually just
playing to improve and to like prove
something to myself. I guess that I can
improve and beat people at the highest
level. Um, and it's fun. Like for me to
me like scrimming is really fun like day
by day. Like I would hate to have a
normal job honestly and I love playing
League of Legends every day and I'm
really lucky to be able to do it. So I
just enjoy the process of everything.
Obviously losing feels really terrible
and that's what motivates me to improve
more. So, um, yeah, at the end of the
day, back to scrims. Back to the drawing
board. Back to the drawing board. I was
like, it's kind of weird. We're talking
about like rookie year or something cuz
technically you started out with um,
Dignas like last year, right? But you've
been around like you were in Ocean. You
guys both were in Ocean obviously so
like you guys have been playing at a
high level but like you're generally
like a silent type and any well silent
in the sense of like you're not yapping
but anytime I talk to you persona I
don't have a very loud persona. Yeah but
anytime I talk to you you're always like
hyper critical of your own work it's
like anytime I interview um like uh
Impact for something is like I say
something you did well I was like no man
I did X Y and Z wrong at this. So
talking about me like coming into the
league in general like like your
mentality I'd say because you came in
with a lot of veterans with like with
that D. I mean there was definitely at
least last bit to this bit there's a
huge dynamic shift it's previously four
people I would say not including myself
kind of four people that have already
had significant success in their careers
that all have their ways of playing the
game their ways of playing and
communicating outside of the game how to
understand what's important and they
bring all that into the team you know
doesn't leave a lot of conf space
doesn't leave a lot of space
for I don't know me to like give my own
opinion. Not saying they like tried to
hold me back or anything like that, but
there were a lot of pre-established
views and it's very hard to break out of
this kind of mindset, especially when
you know you had success like that in
the past.
So, I don't want to talk like get too
much into the weeds of it, but coming to
this split um the dynamic is completely
different. you know, it's two rookies,
Korean mid laner, two Korean coaches, an
ADC that had success with 100 last
split, and someone I played with before.
So, Tom and I kind of already had that
like duo synergy. Um, don't have to talk
too much about certain things. We
already have kind of the same notion,
some
pre-established uh views on certain
matchups, stuff like that. Yeah. But
having to play with new teammates,
having to kind of be that mentor at
times is it's a very different dynamic.
I have to say like I was pretty proud of
how some of my teammates played today in
spite of how I thought, not to be
hyperritical and feed into this, but um
I I thought this was one of the worst
series I've played to be honest. And
yeah, I agree, man.
I mean, coming from coming from Mrs. Me
too. Me too. Me too. But um
yeah, it's it feels good to know to have
this happen and feel paid back from my
teammates for sometimes the effort I
have to put into reviews and other
stuff, but yeah, it's it's resources to
take it away from myself and I'm
definitely going to have to reflect on
this series and the rest of the year how
I play individually. So, okay. I mean,
it's still it's still going to be a long
road. So, let's talk about a little bit
because we've now moved away from the
positioning phase where, you know, you
go through the seven games um of play
and now we're going into the group
stage. We've already played our first
series out. Like, what is the shift in
like practice or mentality going into
now playing best of three uh fearless
for you guys? Has there been a change in
how you guys have been practicing or
anything like that? I mean, you go.
There was the format change in scrims.
I'm sure everyone has experienced it. We
only played one fearless block often
times or even towards the end of last
phase not split phase it was like people
playing six blocks no fearless you know
but now screams are all fearless two
blocks all fearless so drafts are very
different I have to say
what happens in game one will reflect
what happens in game two and people are
saving picks now you know this is our
game one draft your own sge this is our
game two draft Aurora noturn something
like this it's
It's it's very different than just
playing a beer one banning the first
three champs. It's always the same every
game. You know, you have to play to your
champion strengths differently now than
how you did before. So, yeah, that's the
draft perspective at least. Do you guys
overall like it like the change in
general? I like it. I think the Fearless
is way more fun. It's kind of boring
when it's just like same three bends and
like especially when it goes to like
best of threes, best of fives, it's like
way way more fun to just play fearless.
Um it is definitely a lot harder to
practice in terms of like some teams
just like ban perma ban certain
champions that you can't get practice
against and on stage you have to like
per it all that kind of stuff. It kind
of gets annoying. Um but yeah, you just
kind of have to be very versatile.
forces you to practice a lot of matchups
like in 1 v ones for top laners for
example or 2v2s I'm sure and just be
ready for anything kind of makes sense
like what about your experience so far
Jerry cuz like my thought process is
fearless probably is going to be
difficult for teams that are just like
trying to get on the same page it
definitely can be yeah so like how has
it been for you guys
um I mean it's the same game you know
but but I think fearless it does make
things more interesting I think you get
a little more cope too It's like, "Oh,
guys, they already used their game one
draft, you know, like anything could
happen game two and three." Mhm. Um,
definitely practice is different. I
think going into playoffs, I think you
scrim more of the same teams. Like
that's one change. I scrimmed this guy
like three or four times this week.
Yeah. Drew was fantastic. Yeah. And they
per they put him Benj. I think we had a
positive record by one game and we
[Laughter]
permanent. It's It's definitely fun
because I get to play like other stuff
like Ziggs. I really love Ziggs, but I
have to play Bears Kalista every game
though, like Official Special Ones. So,
no. I mean, it's it's fun for me. You
came into the league different than
other people cuz you played Fearless
prior, right? So, how was that cuz a lot
of people would I I feel like that's
just completely different for most
people. So, how is it coming straight
from collegiate already having
experience on Fearless? Yeah, I mean I I
more so just felt like it would be the
wave because it just it makes the game a
little more interesting, you know, like
a lot of league games, they can feel
kind of the same to watch or the same to
play, but Fearless like somehow like
just changing up the draft a lot of
times it makes it feel different. Yeah.
Um I would say like I had to expand my
champ for sure for Fearless, like that's
one thing, but I think that's another
cool thing for a pro player is like now
you can practice different champions and
play different champions and it feels
more diverse. Yeah. So, no, I'm a fan. I
want to change this up just talking
about your other opponents within your
guys' groups. You guys are in the group
with Blockly Black Quest and 100
Thieves, correct? Yeah. Um, so let's
talk about 100 Thieves a little bit
because they played earlier on this week
and it didn't look good for them. Um,
game one was was pretty good. Game two
just just straight up stomp. How do you
guys feel about just your guys' group
overall? cuz I think the set everyone's
thought process is that is the more
challenging group that every team is
pretty close or something. I mean for us
it was definitely like going into the
best of threes Dignitas was the opponent
to beat because it was the easiest match
and now that we lost it's like yeah we
play against playing against fly 100. I
mean I'm sure it was the same for us
right vice versa. Um playing against 100
fly is definitely a lot harder. I think
fly is much better than 100. Um I think
everyone would agree. Yeah. So, um I
mean we play against Fly next week. It's
definitely going to be a hard match. I
think they're really good. So, uh we
just have to keep playing our own game
and make sure we improve on our like
like I said earlier, our bad habits. I
feel like a lot of that needs to be
improved on upon and you never know on
the day. You know, sometimes they might
just like hit their head and play worse.
So, yeah. One thing about Fly that I do
think is they are really good at trying
to suck you into your into their type of
game, their type of champs. Yeah. Play
the game on their tempo. So yeah, like
Bud said, I do think it's really
important that you
play how you guys want to play. You
don't try to match them constantly. Just
play how you guys know how to play.
Yeah. Yeah. I heard from it was like a
30 interview with um Mir basically just
talking about how you guys have very
much focused on basically playing like a
Korean play style of like not really
taking too many risks, getting vision,
all these stuff. I mean just like
generally play playing a slower game.
How has that been for you? Are you have
you already like been attuned to that
coming into that style or like basically
just talk through that process cuz last
week you guys looked like you were
improving a lot. Almost beat 100 Thieves
obviously. Yeah. Crazy upset.
But that game was really close and I was
like oh my the g you guys looked cleaner
and cleaner. Obviously today's a little
tougher. Yeah. But how has that process
been for you guys? Definitely a lot of
the influence of this play style that
our team has comes from our coaches.
Obviously players that have,
you know, received the Korean tuition.
Yeah. Have this just mentality of
following how LCK plays, how LCK teams
play. Yeah. But honestly, I really buy
into it. I really
like I don't know. There's always a
narrative that LCK is slower. Mhm. But
there's a difference between being more
slower or more calculated. Sometimes
just
teams pick their fights better. But that
doesn't mean they're less decisive. I
have to say we went on the boot camp.
I'm sure you know um between split one,
split two, three weeks and we were
screaming some Korean teams and even
academy teams. They are so decisive.
They really don't hesitate at all. And
even though, you know, the some of the
really good ones, like KT was the best
one, I think. Yeah. They play the game
slower at times, but when it's their
time to play, they play fast. Yeah. You
know, and I really like the dynamic that
our coaches are brought in, how they
view the game, how hard they are on the
players, how high the expectations are.
So, yeah. Honestly, I've never been
happier with the coaching staff.
Genuinely, I have the highest praise for
them. Hell yeah. It's So, it's weird to
me. Weird to me. in this in this case is
like all of that makes a lot of sense
and then you have a team within your
guys' group 100 Thieves that just plays
a completely completely 100 Thieves is
is like a much a big outlier I feel like
for the compared to all the rest of the
teams they play like very solo queuees I
would say but they're finding success
like scrappy how's that because
obviously their scrims they they even
say it's not great but they're finding
so much success on stage how is that
working for them I mean I'm sure it
carries through scrims they they seem to
play almost they seem to be better on
stage uh for sure. Maybe because they do
take a little bit maybe their players
are just already good and they just
decide to take less risk on stage and
they just win. Um but I do think they
don't look as strong as they did when
they like were playing last split. Yeah,
one there is a bit of a difference. Um
but it's also just very meta dependent.
Um I would definitely say though that
it's playing against them I have much
more confidence than playing against
Flagquest. I would say. Yeah. Um, yeah,
they definitely just seem like a team
that could lose to anyone. And maybe
that's just cuz in scrims they are ining
kind of sometimes. I mean, not that
they're getting stomped, but they're
kind of just playing bad sometimes. And
playing as like fly or C9, it feels like
you're slowly getting choked out and
they just have tempo at all times and
don't really make as many mistakes and
then you just lose. Yeah. With more
methodical teams, maybe. Yeah. Um, so I
have decent confidence it's 100.
Obviously, our first opponent is fly, so
we'll we'll see about that one. It's
going to be a hard
game. I mean I mean against fly quest I
mean it's like you guys got them. Yeah
we can we can beat them. I mean they're
not like they're not T1 you know. I mean
well they're not uh HLE actually lost to
DK. I forgot.
What's the best team right now? I don't
know.
Jen beat them twice. Yeah but they they
did beat them twice though.
What about So even though they're not in
your group H 100 Thieves like what do
you feel about that team? because in the
I think your f your first series was
versus 100 Thieves and you guys had
leads in those games too and that was
like where people were like they're not
looking great and then they just go to
the finals anyways. Um what's your
thoughts on No, I mean I think 100
Thieves they just have a lot of solid
players and they have a lot of solid
team fighters too. I feel like on stage
I agree with Fudge they just take less
risks you know and then they show up to
the team fights and obvious like they
just execute it really well. Um it's
always fun for me versing them because
FBI was like whoies old ADC. Yeah. you
know, and I'm trying to I'm trying to
make Hoie proud sometimes, you know,
against 100 Thieves. It's kind of a
grudge match, but only for me, you know,
but no, they're a cool team. And you
know what's cool about them is they give
us confidence because we can actually
beat them in scrims because they're not
a good scrim team. Yeah. So, but no,
they're they're they're a solid team.
How's it uh been working with Hooi? Uh
it's been amazing, honestly, just cuz
he's a really he's a really
knowledgeable player. Like he's been in
the scene for almost 10 years, you know.
He's really old now. Yeah. But old
really old. Gary Hendrick. Yeah, for
sure. But I I I appreciate that about
him, you know? He just has like a really
good perspective on the game and he like
after every game he communicates it to
me. Like I remember at first when I
first got to the league like I I was not
doing very well against these bot lanes
and obviously like this is a guy who
he's had a lot of success like he's won
championships. He's played with really
good players. Yeah. But he just showed a
lot of patience and just teaching me
these concepts and he's like pretty good
at communicating. Um, and he's kind of
our team leader, too. You know, like
even we didn't have a coach. Right now,
we have someone who's stepping up to be
the coach, but throughout the whole
process like uh who he's just, you know,
he's very strong in his ideas. He's kind
of giving us a team identity, you know,
like I'm I'm just l I feel lucky to like
have him as my support honestly. Is he
leading reviews? Because I remember when
I was cuz when I was um coaching academy
at the time, I had he god knows what
reason he's in academy at that time.
Makes no sense. Yeah. Um like he's very
vocal about just like basically during
reviews as well. Like how is how is the
review process? Because obviously you
you talk about the coaching aspect, but
who's like who's talking the most when
it comes to those? No, I mean reviews I
mean who he's also like I don't know how
to put he's he's a hard like uh he holds
people to a high standard. Yeah. You
know, and in review he'll definitely
he'll give his opinion pretty strongly.
Like him and our jungler in mid clash
sometimes. Oh yeah. But, you know, he's
usually the one pointing out stuff and
he's like, "Guys, like, how come they're
getting way more on the map every time
that they go for this play and then like
we're not getting anything." Yeah. You
know, so he's I think he's a big reason
why like we feel like we can beat any
team just because he gives us a lot of
confidence and he's somebody who he's
won before, right? So, if he's telling
us like, "Guys, these teams aren't
anything like we can be just as good as
them. We're just making these small
mistakes here." Like, we can we trust
that, you know? You got talking about
your group a little bit now. You have uh
C9, Team Liquid, Lion. Yeah. What's your
thoughts going into that group? Are you
happy being in the group that you're in?
Like Yeah. I mean, I'm happy, bro. I'm
I'm happy being in this group, I think.
Happy to be in the league. Happy.
Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, obviously, it's
a good group. I think any group that
we're in, it's it's going to be hard
like against the the top teams or any
teams. I think it's pretty competitive
league in general, but I'm happy being
in this group. I'm glad we got C9 out of
the way. You know, they were probably
the hardest ones there. Uh I feel pretty
confident that we can beat TL. Like,
okay, we're kind of their fathers, you
know. I'll put that out there.
Statistics statistics jerk. I got to
hold on to this one win somehow, you
know. So, yeah, I'll just throw that out
there. I remember there was a bet for
that one, by the way, about APA shaving
his head. That's crazy. That is not a
shaved head. What happened, bro? That is
not a shaved head. No, this guy he he
got a buzz cut and you know, he looks a
little bit worse, I guess, but you know,
it's not that stakes for the best of
three coming. Maybe. Yeah, true. Up the
stakes. Find a way, please. I'm I'm
down. I'll do one with him. Yeah. Shave
his head for him. I don't know.
That's not a shaved head. Yeah. Uh for
everybody here talking about Lion cuz
Lion was a team that came into this
league and everyone was hyping them up.
Yeah. Obviously their schedule was a
little weird cuz they're facing a lot of
the teams that um you know were quote
unquote the bottom four, right? And they
did well and then ever since then
they've been on a losing streak. What
are your I'll ask you like um Als what
is your opinion on line as a team?
[Music]
Kind of weird. Maybe a bit of sty
stylistic clashes at times. Obviously, I
played with Licorice or Eric in the
past, and he really enjoyed playing the
well, two lane oriented style, whereas
now he's playing with some Koreans that
I'm sure like to play the map really
wide, like to play a bit more slow at
times. And I do think a lot of line
success has come from great laning from
mid. Yeah, some pretty good situations
happening top side. I think even a game
they played against Fudge,
there was a great situation from from
Eric in top lane on Rumble, something
like that. And
I don't know, a lot of the time they
just gain advantages and hold on to them
well. So, um I'm not sure about their
reason to climb. Maybe they just been
playing against harder teams. I know
their series versus C9 was uh nothing uh
that I'm sure they want to remember, but
um
definitely definitely
some some potential. Yeah, particularly
from mid lane. I think there Saint has
definitely been an overperformer I have
to say. And also just kind of going to
overall like who do you guys think is
the best team in the league at the
moment? Um, I'm three guys.
Lie. What I have to say is ding us. No.
All right. Three, two, one. Shopify.
Yeah, I guess probably. Yeah, it could
be C9. Yeah, I would say C9. I think C9
and Fly though played the game
differently, but also similarly. Yeah, I
think Fly has, you know, the more flashy
champion pools at times. You know, known
for picking funny stuff. Pusio is the
same. inspired also like everyone knows
he can play Fiddlesticks on a whim.
True. Apparently Boozio can also play
it. Like they're a they're a very hard
team to prep for. Mhm. But also
sometimes they just
they just crash out. Sometimes their duo
underperforms randomly. Even in the game
we played the first four minutes of the
laning phase, their duo played really
bad. They got bailed out because wait,
but um Whoa, whoa, whoa. Say that by
yourself. That's great. But
um yeah, sometimes they have lower lows,
I think. But C9 on the other hand, they
play the game very very standard, very
stock standard. Don't throw that often.
I think actually your guys's game versus
fly was really close. It was like early
on the positioning phase. We're, you
know, we just perform well against the
top teams, right? We beat TL, the Kings
layers have a good game against C9. I I
think that I would rate Fly a little
higher than C9. I just think they're
playoff risers, you know, proven to be
playoff risers. I think like they won
the split, they went to world, so they
have a lot of experience in like, you
know, clutch situations and stuff. Yeah.
So, yeah, I would just rate Fly higher
for that reason, honestly. But C9 C9's
great. That's fair. I'm going to change
gears a little bit cuz you guys just
basically talking about how you guys
came up. So, like you guys know each
other. Mhm. The way you guys came
through. I just looked it up. I did some
research and I'm snooping. into the
theater cuz like you guys were on
Mammoth Academy at the like for two
games at the same time. What the hell
happened there? Do you guys even
remember that time? Oh yeah, it was
because Fudge played for the main team
and
what was it? Uh who's our top ler? I
forgot. It was like Ton or something. Oh
yes. No, cuz someone else on our team
got banned. My top laner played ADC for
two games and we had Fuz play two games
in academy because we need an extra
player. Those games were easy wins. No.
Yes. Very very easy. Very easy. You guys
know each other, but it feels like you
guys kind of were always in different
areas. Like for instance, you guys were
both on C9. Yeah. Yeah. You were on the
main team, but you were working on the
academy team. There was a weird time
where like Zven also was working with
you guys or like dropped down. Yeah. How
do how well do you guys know each other?
Like what was your stories kind of
coming up? I mean, run in the same
circles maybe. Yeah, we're in the same
circles like similar friends at times.
And then um I guess on C9 was probably
when we hung out the most because I yeah
he was an academy player and I would
like talk to academy players sometimes
and then like there's always a lot of
drama and academy back then cuz they had
like Malice and all that
stuff era those were a banger times bro
like the the tea you got from the
academy team back then was great. Um so
I love talking to to Jonah back then but
uh but other than that it was kind of
just like I mean it was just chill. I
mean, I don't think we like are super
close, but like we just I feel like No,
I'm not really close with any league
player. Like, I'm just like we play
League and we talk about League. Crazy.
I'm kind of No, I'm not like I'm not
like emotionally like it's not like
emotionally like attached to my to my
teammates or something like this. I
mean, maybe with C9 a little bit because
obviously I literally worked with them
for like four years. So, it like felt
weird to leave C9. You had to have some
emotional connection. I mean that that
was something forgot about them.
Which one the worst? I was actually so I
was I was like outside looking in the
academy side cuz you were there. I was
like but I was like oh that team has
Malice and Daran. I feel like they're
just completely different human beings
and that definitely showed. Yeah. Okay.
I was wondering what happened there.
There's also another teammate that you
guys played alongside and shared. Who do
you think that is? King. Oh, I guess
technically that works. Yeah, that's
that's what I was lying about that. I
guess there's two. I was for You got You
had M&S for a little bit. M&S. Oh, yeah.
M&S. Oh, we love you. Legacy. Oh, M&S.
What happened? Cuz I was like, "Oh,
Legacy. Forgot about Legacy. That was a
banger. M&S is a great guy. I love him."
Yeah.
Um, yeah, there was like that was the
one complications. Yeah. Okay. Just
making sure because there's a bunch of
some drama. Yes. That you guys shared on
that one. But you guys came up in in a
similar way through that coming up from
O. You came up in a way that's very like
not a lot of players come through which
is through college. Yeah. Um and coming
through the collegiate system. How was
that for you? Because
you I guess it's obviously natural for
like like NBA players or something to go
through and you were doing your college
studies at the same time as playing
league. How was how was that? No. I mean
it was kind of rough because you know
you have like an NACL match on the
weekend and then on that Sunday there's
homework due at night. Yeah. you know
that you put off all week. So So use try
GPT, right? Yeah. Um I mean I might be
going back to that school.
So if you're if you're not using your
resources, then you know you're not
you're not studying correctly. True.
CHBT changed the game, you know,
honestly. It did it. But um but no, I
mean it's definitely different, but I
think I think in league it's really easy
to just like mental boom or like just
have a bad split and then your practice
becomes bad. I think being in like a
college environment where you just have
people around you that like are
supporting you and they care about you
aside from like whatever is happening in
the game cuz I had like some pretty
rough splits in that collegiate time.
Yeah. But I think like the people I had
around me and just the environment in
general it's really what like helped me
just to keep going, you know, and keep
pushing through it. So, you know, it
definitely had its downsides of like
homework, maybe the competition isn't as
good, but I think the upsides of the
environment like it matters a lot. What
happened when you make the decision to
all in on playing competitive? What was
that like for you? Because for me, I'm
like, well, technically I did that when
I was going to Dignas. I was like, I'm
deferring this. But like, but for you,
uh, what was that decision like? Um, I
mean, to me, the decision was pretty
easy. Honestly, I don't really like
school, you know, not as I don't think a
lot of people do, but fair. I mean, this
is just a dream, right? if you're
playing competitive League of Legends
like for the entire day and you're
sacrificing a lot of things like if you
don't go to the next level where you can
be challenged cuz in tier two I was
doing pretty well but you know the
scrims become more boring or like you
don't you know you don't fix as many of
your bad habits because you don't have
to. Yeah. I think like getting the
opportunity to go to tier one where like
all you focus on is league. I mean I
thought about it for a little bit just
because um you know there are some orgs
that are budget orcs. I don't know if
mine is one but you know I just had to
think about it. Yours is definitely not
one is what you're supposed to say.
Content or not one. Mine is great. I
love my or just the content or kind of
want to share some rookie stories
because I'll start with you because you
started up and I think everyone kind of
just jumped on you right from the
get-go. Oh yeah, that was fun. Um what
can you share like some of rookie
stories that you had coming up? Anything
with the the team that you had like any
life lessons that you can share? No, I
mean it's just like some wisdom. Some
wisdom.
love. I'm locked in here. I mean, it's
just a matter of you don't you don't
look at social media when you're a
rookie. That's all that's all that
happens. You don't look there and you
only focus on what? Focus on yourself.
That's about it. I kind of like social
media. Yeah. Yeah. It's like motivating,
you know? I mean, it's tough, but it's
terrible. It's because like you you see
you see some of like the fan opinions
and you're like, "These guys have no
idea what they're talking about, but
this is a funny comment." Yeah. Well,
you you look at the negative comments
and you say they don't know what they're
talking about. You look at the positive
comments like they're so right. No,
true. Exactly. And then you and then you
like check the Reddit thread only when
you win and check the check the buds of
all the coaches only when you win. No,
exactly. Definitely had my errors of
checking C9's uh Reddit once they lost.
Oh jeez. You don't want to check those
big hating periods, but um but for me, I
don't know. You just kind of get used to
it to be honest. You get used to like,
you know, ending and then and then
people's comments and at some point it
kind of like you just become like a
little bit tolerant. Yeah. And nowadays
you just like focus on what does my
teammates think and what do I think
that's all that really matters you know
and uh what do my coaches think kind of
a little bit but not too much focus too
much about on that one you guys that's
fair you guys just stopped checking out
Reddit or anything like that oh yeah no
I don't check I don't check social media
because it's just it's just there's
nothing that's going to make me happier
or like more content or more confident
in myself by going there you know it's
kind of just you don't want to like put
yourself in that mindset I feel like I
mean unless it's like for content where
like you want to like reply to something
to like boost engagement and stuff like
that. Yeah, sure. Yeah. If I as like a
streamer then sure but I don't really do
that stuff. So yeah, it's a very uh it's
a very wise take you know. I mean I'm
I'm checking the Reddit threads all the
time. Are you guessing yourself? I mean
kind of right cuz I say I say Yeah.
Yeah. Like I say some crazy stuff like
I'm as good as Yan, which I don't think
is crazy but other people thought was
crazy, you know? And everyone's like
what is this guy on? This guy's like
this guy's delusional. Like this guy's
going to be out of league. Like it's
just funny to me. And if I need that
motivation to like watch an extra VOD or
an extra solo game, like it's right
there. Yeah, you know, that's true.
Wait, what about you? Because you said
you made the mistake of checking that
Reddit thread when you guys were losing.
Did you have you just like sworn it off?
It was It was only a very brief period.
Obviously, I didn't play on the C9 main
team for more than literally two series.
Yeah, I think. So,
honestly, people weren't that critical
of me at the time. I still remember all
that, but um definitely after off C9, I
love to see when they lose. check out.
This guy needs to be replaced. This guy
needs to be replaced. This guy has no
hands. Like, how much do you hate C9? It
was No, no. It was It was a small stint.
It's funny. It's funny. But like C9 C9
is just like being on C9 is basically
just like you have the fans who are the
nicest people to you when you're good.
And also, but online the fans are really
negative if you're not really good. It's
just I feel like in person fans are
always great on C9 especially like they
are really dedicated. Um, but then like
online there can be a lot of negativity
and yeah, you have to stay away from
that if you're not if you're not doing
too well because it can really it can
really affect you, you know. I would I
would agree for sure. I' I still have C9
fans that come up to me asking me for
signatures just because I was on C9
before. Yeah, that's sick. So, yeah,
they're legends. What about your uh
rookie story? You can talk about
anything. You can talk about the time
you were on dig or coming up on M&M
Legacy. Let's hear about that. Let's
hear about that. Let's hear about that.
Just anything like lessons or stories
that you got away from it.
[Music]
Um, I don't know. I think maybe more
more so now than before. I should
definitely be a bit more selfish. I
think Mhm.
I was a bit of a team player at times,
not just in game, but also out of game.
You know, vouch for people that I think
are good and try to be honest, try to do
what the team wants, but a lot of the
time that's not best for you. I think
what happened with like my journey with
C9. Personally, I'm still like I'm not
caught up about it, but I'm regretful
that they thought the way that they
thought because I still think it was a
mistake to this day how I was treated
and how the roster was and like things
like that, right? Yeah. But if you don't
look out for yourself, no one else will.
So, I definitely find
myself in more recent years definitely
looking a lot more inwards. Yeah. and um
just you know take it one day at a time.
That makes sense
because especially since I think it's
easy to get caught up in trying to be a
team player when you're surrounded by
people who definitely have more
experience. Yeah. And definitely know
more. Absolutely. And like realizing
after the fact that you're like, "Wait a
minute, I should have said more." Yeah.
You guys had those moments specifically?
Oh, yeah. on 2021. Like I felt like what
made me improve a lot from like 2021 to
2022 was actually like thinking at the
time because I was really close friends
with LS, right? And he would always like
say all these negative things about how
my teammates are playing and the champs
they're playing and all that stuff.
Yeah. Uh back then, I mean nowadays he's
a very like shell dude. Yeah. But uh
back then I would I would actually think
my teammates weren't that good back then
and I I would be very like all that
matters is myself like playing for
myself. I need to look good. I need like
back then I wanted to be the star
player. And I think that's actually what
kind of made me play a lot better at the
time. I mean, obviously there was a lot
of moments where I could have played
better if I had a different mentality
and a more balanced mentality, which is
kind of what I'm trying to have now. Um,
and then as the years went on, I think I
kind of switched to being too much of a
team player. Um, and once you like, you
know, play with more and more and more,
you play at worlds and stuff and then
you get stomped individually, you feel
like you have to play as a team, blah
blah blah blah. Yeah. And then I feel
like I shifted way too much the other
end. And then the past like year for me
has just been trying to like shift to
like more of like a balance because I
feel like you can't really be one or the
other and on a good team and and play
well as a team and play well as an indiv
individual if you're just on one or the
other. You have to kind of be balanced
as well. Yeah. You really don't want to
like be stuck in that pendulum swing you
really obviously when like when you play
against international players the
goalposts individually and as a team
move every time. Yeah. And then you go
back and you kind of can get used to you
know what you're used to. Yeah. But um
yeah, as soon as the international
competition comes in or you start
playing against these players that are
just they you know live and breathe
League of Legends. Yeah, it it reflects
on you too. You know, you have to try
your hardest individually and every
single time you have an opportunity to
talk with your team, you're not going to
hold back. That's something I definitely
learned from some of the players on on
C9, specifically Sven, I think, was
someone that I really relate to
and my my teammates could definitely
attest. I rip into them. Yeah. In
reviews and he's toxic as Not in a
toxic. Not in a toxic way, but you know,
you have to have people that can say it
because in the past I didn't. And
sometimes I think in my earlier career
there's definitely moments where I wish
I had said more. Yeah. Cuz otherwise it
feels like if you if you don't set that
tone early, then you're going to be a
quiet team. It feels like sometimes that
never really like problems. Exactly. You
have to hold people to standards. And I
think even last split just, you know,
people didn't want to tread on other
people's feet at times. Established
players, people that have all won the
league before. Mhm. You know, people
sometimes were just afraid to say it.
And even looking back then in like the
last three or four weeks, we had an
error helping us because Golden
Guardians, I think their split had
ended. Yeah. Was by far the most
improvement we had the whole split. And
looking back, that's such a massive
regret to me because honestly, like that
was the most fun I've had with four
teammates in my entire life. And I will
never forget that split just as friends.
I think literally tomorrow we're going
to meet up and play board games. Oh,
that's sick. So, I will never forget
them as friends. But yeah, if you don't
acknowledge what your team is doing
wrong as as even even if individually
you could acknowledge that this isn't
working, taking the step to like really
just
take away the layers and say, you know,
you need to do better. Yeah. It's it's a
hard thing to do.
Yeah. Any takeaways from this especially
or just like in general? Cuz I don't
know how you view yourself cuz I
remember last time Huhoo was on pros, he
was talking about how super
self-critical you are. Um, how do you
feel like any of this like your split
has gone so far? Are you just like, I'm
going to be silent, let you guys do your
business? No, no, definitely not. I
mean, my favorite thing about losing is
just like how introspective I can get,
you know? Like I think after every loss,
I just try to think about like my
practice for the week, you know, how
what I was thinking about in the game.
Like I just really try to learn about
myself like after I lose. Yeah. Um so
and I'm definitely a player on the team
where I'm always asking for feedback.
It's definitely not like a oh like we're
the worst team in the league, I'm a
rookie. Like hopefully my career pans
out. Like it's definitely not that. I'm
trying to get better and I think like I
just have a few things to figure out
before I just start having like
consistent good performances and I
really feel like it's just up to me to
have a good performance. It's not really
about the team. And I think our team
culture is actually pretty good. That's
what I'm happy about honestly is like
because you can be on a winning or
losing team, but if you have a good team
culture, then the experience and the
process will be enjoyable regardless of
the result. Let's talk about the next
games then. Uh, next week's matchup, you
already talked about it. Fly versus
Shopify. Very excited. Easy match.
Also, I remember uh last pros or two
pros ago. Basically, Whippo was just
like Mack, you responded just like,
"What are you looking forward to in that
match?" I mean, I think playing as
Whippo is hard. He's a good player and
he plays a lot of different matchups
that I think that's his main advantage,
honestly, is that he plays a lot of
matchups that no one else really knows.
So when you're on stage, you're already
nervous and you're trying to like, you
know, make sure you play a good game and
then you play against you played
against, you're going to play really
scared, right? And uh I think that's one
of the advantages of like that has
against most players that he has a lot
of different matchups like knowledge and
champions in the in the toolbox. So
playing against him is definitely not
easy, but I still think that all that
really matters is that we play well in
Midame to be honest. I feel like our
early games rarely go really terribly
except for that I think one game against
Lion. Yeah, maybe one other game, but
most of the time our early games I feel
like are pretty clean and then we just
like really lose it in mid game. Um, so
that's kind of just what we're probably
going to be looking out for in uh in the
next week of scrims. And yeah, we just
focus on ourselves, you know? I heard
you guys you guys have like strong early
games against the top four teams. So
like even hearing that. So is how tough
is it just kind of like punching into
like your mid game, late games? I mean
it's hard because scrims are never like
stage ever. You you do not get mid to
late game team fight regular, you know,
regular practice in scrim. Two or three
games today with the orange. Yeah, I've
never seen a G AON in scrim
like that does not exist in scrim. So,
it's definitely a little bit of
different game. Hard to get the same
practice, but you kind of just have to
be very disciplined. It's it's as simple
as that. Okay. You guys are going to be
going up against Team Liquid. Yeah. Um
it's a hard matchup, but it's really
fun. Like I think Yan and CJJ like
they're definitely one of the best 2v2
bot lanes. They're always trying to push
their matchup. You know, if you mess up,
like they can recognize it and they'll
they're not afraid to like all in you
and get their advantage back. Yeah. So
that's super exciting. Um I also think
that out of the top teams, they're kind
of slumping right now. Like you can tell
they have some issues. So that's also
exciting, you know, because we'll
probably be able to take that series. So
yeah. Where do you think the hole is for
Team Liquid? Cuz yeah, they have quite a
few problems. You probably have an
opinion. I mean, that's my boy in the
mid lane, APA. So, that's true. I don't
think he's the problem, you know. I
think that guy, he's he's playing really
well. Um, where's the hole in that team?
That's that's a tough question. You
know, those are my potential future
teammates you're talking about. That's
true. But, um, I just think you're not
happy with the ones you have
or I heard that. I was like, it's a
doggy dog league. You know,
all for yourself, baby. Post the team. I
I hope I hope my team I love my team,
bro. Yeah, but uh you know, I'm just not
going to say like, oh, this player is a
hole. You know, I'll just give the
classic answer. Like, you know, I think
they're having like different issues.
Like, they thought they were a really
good team, right? They were really
strong and now that they're struggling
against some other teams or they've had
their issues like you know, it's it's
just hard to it's hard. You just have a
lot of hard conversations during that
time and you know, you start to make one
mistake and you're like, damn, like
we're doing this again. You you stop
trusting your teammates as much. Like,
maybe it's something like that. Could be
something like that. But, they're still
a pretty solid team for sure.
Uh you got you know who you're going up
against next Thieves. Yeah. Yeah. So
last time you faced them, you guys got
that lead. What's your thoughts going up
against the team again? Because you
talked about him a little earlier on.
Yeah. I mean, honestly, the way the
first uh match went was very
disappointing. I have to say they played
one of maybe their worst early games in
recent memory. Yeah, it was
kind of unbelievable. But we threw such
a massive lead doing exactly what Fudge
said before. the the classic kit aron
into loose combination. Peslo team. The
peslo team. Uh it's like the kryptonite.
Yeah, that's one of the specials for
sure. But it's true what you say. You
know, they're playing a little bit worse
nowadays. I think might have something
to do with
uh champion pool issues. Some of the
stuff that was present last year is not
as strong this year. For example, I
think Sniper was one of his best champs
as Jax. And last year it was a power
pick particularly due to lane swaps, but
just the whole time he was really good
at jacks. Yeah, I'm sure he will still
play jacks. This year I'm not sure if he
already has, but he really relies often
times on these comfort picks. And
there's a reason why 100 bands rumble
every series. It's because they can't
play it and they can't play against it.
So
things like this make a 100 worse.
Obviously, they are very decisive, very
scrappy. Sometimes squid pops off and
you know the team looks unbeatable and
sometimes they look like they're the
least cohesive team maybe in the whole
league. Yeah. So
I think just you know leaning into what
our coaches suggest which is this you
know slower much more methodical process
will naturally lead to success. Okay
that sounds great. I hope Sniper plays
Rumble against them after you said that.
I hope so. That would be so funny.
It's not personal, but statistically
it's true. It's always funny. It's
always funny. The first day there
scrims, they leave open rumble. They're
thinking, "Man, maybe this is the week."
Then on stage, banned no matter what. I
mean, just just let them cook, bro. I
hope they rumble. I hope he prepares it.
You know, I love to see G Snipes. I like
G Snipes. That's my boy. He's a good
guy. He's awesome. Uh the two teams that
are not that are going to be facing each
other, Lion versus C9. Not here. say
whatever the hell you want about them.
Um, but like where do you think I mean
C9 is the favorites for this one? Yep,
absolutely. How do you think line if
they were to take a win? How would it
happen? I think Kenna and Saint, you
know, they got to they got to drop a
couple nukes, you know, both of them.
Big nukes or like just small ones? They
got to be some big nukes. I think that
team probably has some communication
issues, you know, so and C9, they're a
strong team. Like I just versed them,
you know. We're a good team and we lost
them. So, well, I think it'll be hard
for Lion. I don't know why they're
laughing, you know? Like, I say good
team and they laugh. True. Kind of
crazy. You were smiling, bro.
I have to point to the fact that I think
their two Korean solo laners have gotten
significantly better from where they
stood at the start of the year. And
Thanos, especially since last year.
Honestly, last split or of the last
split of last year, I was not impressed
with generally speaking. I think some of
their problems they had leading to them
not making worlds were stemming from
solo lane issues. Yeah, I was not
impressed with his ling. I was not
impressed with his team fighting. But
genuinely, this split, it's night and
day. Their positioning is so much
better. The way they play flanks is so
much better. Their team fighting, their
ability to play the game in a way that's
consistent that in scrims gets them
results and on stage gets them results
is very admirable. I think they've done
a great job and um you know, I'm not
sure who's pulling the strings behind
the scenes. Yeah, but
sometimes I mean like I said last vlid
uh last year he helped us for four weeks
and it's the best we got. So maybe Nick
Smith is the goat Nick. Shout out to
Nick Smith.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Um but yeah, I like the way play the
game. I'm good friends with Sven and you
know I think they just play well
standard and lion's really going to have
to look
for holes. I think sometimes lab is a
bit inconsistent. Today even DSG, you
know, they had a really poor early game.
They got exposed through their duro
either like poor laning, they had
counter pick and still they couldn't get
any advantage and they were a complete
liability in early game. So, you know,
maybe maybe we'll see something and um
yeah, I mean I've already said that I
think Saint is a great player. Yeah,
maybe superior laning or spirit team
fighting will show up from him and you
know, maybe they have a good chance.
Sweet.
I think that's about it, guys. Look
forward to next week. Um, thanks for
watching on YouTube or listening on
Spotify, Apple Music, or wherever you
guys are getting your podcast. Be sure
to tune in to LTA next week for more
Fearless Best of Threes, May 3rd and
4th. Check that one out. Thank you guys.
Peace out. May the fourth be with you.
[Music]
So what you
know take back control then avo. sitting
wasting all the rest of your life.
So what
you got
to
love your
time no longer
[Music]
that something come
easy. Get ready to take that chance, but
just understand it. Just hold that
feeling. Going to make you chase your
dreams. Going to keep on slipping
away. So get up and start
chasing. Never going to
stop. Don't you ever stop
giving. Never stop. I'm
[Music]
star. So what you
[Applause]
[Music]
know it all the rest of your
life. So what you
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to
the
LTA. We're back here in Split 2. We got
a brand new Summoner Rift ready to rock
and roll. Focus.
Autoing autoing autoing auto.
Holy. You guys are the goats. 19 to
eight. Fly quest take game one.
Stop. I stopped. Look. Look.
Go. Got a bit flash. I need to run. I'm
out of juice. Yeah. Going to lift you
up. Yeah. Both their carries dead. Both
their carries dead. Boy and
boy 12 to six. 35 minutes in. Shopify
taking us to game three.
Fighting top. Yeah.
You are. Yeah. I don't see now. Like Tom
is fight. Yeah, you can fight. But you
can find but tower
already. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine.
Just keep going forward.
I kill has flashed.
I'm going to die but D. No flash. No
nothing. Okay. No ghost. No flash.
Nothing. Fly quest. They will take down
Shopify rebellion. Two to one.
I can go on the
watch. 66. Look at Look at They have to
come in. They have to come in.
TL are going to take game number one of
this series.
Watch dead. I'm trying my
best. They want to go watch
and they're
on really good early game. Really good
late game. They crush DSG. They get
their revenge. They take the series.
Welcome back to the game clown. Who's
hiding back there?
That's insane. Raz was in the bushes
earlier. You got to be careful. They
could just be coming out out of nowhere.
Uh, special thanks to Team Liquid
yesterday. I I'm looking at my my
fantasy app right now. Oh, yeah. You had
all grass is ruining our set.
I'm holding it after a certain point.
Cloud9. I messed up, guys.
There we go. That works. That's better.
That's a little better. That's better.
No. See, Yan got me 46 fantasy points
yesterday. That was a lot. Rub that in a
lot. That's insane. Super under the
weather, by the way. Hiding it very well
cuz he had uh 22 kills, zero deaths in
that series, I think. So well played for
Y maybe one, but either way it was like
a 40 KDA. Okay, the literal flu flu game
by the way. That's actually great. We
were talking about Umpty's wrist being
the flu game during the game. Turns out
we were all worried it was the chronic
wrist thing with Umpty, but turns out he
just like braced a fall with it and it
was like sore from a couple days ago.
Could still be bad, but it's just
different different from Yeah. The thing
that got me was the way his hand was
shaking. Yeah, cuz I've had like I
brought this up on cast, but I've had
like bad hand and wrist cramps from like
painting and that that kind of like
spasming is really bad when it happens.
Who does that? Well, any paint and like
it's happened to me when I've been
gaming too. I don't take care of myself
anyway. TL TL played, you know, quite
well yesterday overall, especially, you
know, with the fact that Jan was really
sick, with the fact that was having
wrist pain. Um Umpy I think you know
really did show up especially the Zenzou
game after we saw him you know getting
his his ice on the wrist and everything
he just popped off in that game too
immediately was getting kill after kill
after kill was like running every lane
it was like okay
I think he's been performing well for
the last uh two weeks I want to say like
couple weeks for a while so it's good to
be able to see this level from him
especially with Team Liquid really
needing some fuel something to like push
them to be as good as they were. What
fuels you? My wrist pain. It worked. It
worked. And Yan has been crazy. The fact
he was sick during this game, by the
way, is insane.
So, yeah. Yeah. Fudge also uh played
really well in that first series. Buffo,
I thought he deserved a lot of credit
for it, especially because of all the
trash talk that was getting thrown his
way. I mean, BO was talking about the
Fly Quest coach tier list, uh, where
they had a tier list of the worst three
players in the league, and he's like,
"Yep, Fudge was on it." And I think
Fudge kind of beat his butt in all three
games. I felt like he he actually
outperformed him. Um the Jason in the
Nile, he was doing better. The York
counterpicks the Rumble, gets a solo
kill anyway, dominated that game. Uh I
thought he was playing really well
throughout the series and I think it was
Nar in the last game, he was also doing
quite well. So to me, Fudge definitely
stepped up and um I saw an interview
that he did, I think I think it was with
Arch, it was with with Nan or Nan. Um
and he was just talking kind of talking
about like, you know, what do I have to
be afraid of? like he already basically
said, you know, already said I'm the
worst player in the league or one of the
worst players in the league. Like like
what is there to be afraid of? I should
just be playing, you know, with
confidence. And um I thought he played
really well, especially after getting
counterpicked in the York like rumble
matchup, right? Like like being able to
uh uh find his windows, especially in
all three of those games. There's that.
And if we're I know like a few years
ago, we had like awards that we gave out
like rivals, like basically like the
best players on losing teams. He was
definitely that if he was winning that
series, they were really close. He would
have been that. Huhi from the DSG series
actually could have been that one
because his Allistar game was
incredible. Obviously, game two. Let's
close our eyes from my old that team.
But like um I thought I thought we saw
some real real fire from uh the teams on
the losing side yesterday. Yeah, let's
check out the standings so far in the
LTA North. Yeah, I'm interested to see
what we got here. Absolutely. We got
Team Liquid. For as much as we're saying
that Team Liquid has been struggling,
they haven't dropped a game in the group
yet. Two of both. And Cloud9 is going to
be their main competition. That's who
they're going to be playing next week,
but they have still been scraping out a
good number of wins. Fly Quest as well
at 2 and Z. Yeah. I mean, I think I
think again, you always have to remember
it's like when we're talking about TL
struggling struggling for being a
championship level team, right, is very
different than struggling for being a
team that's, you know, considered at the
bottom. So it's like yeah uh I think
that they are are not looking as
dominant as they have over the last
couple years especially last year they
were looking really really good. Um but
you know I still expect them to beat you
know Lion Disguise and Shopify and
Dignas and those teams consistently.
Yeah and by contrast I mean I'm looking
at Shopify even though they're 0 and2 I
think they've had a lot of like this is
why I call Shopify the most infuriating
team cuz you see them have really good
runs of play. you see individually
strong performances on this team and
they're still not able to string it into
a series win which is obviously very
frustrating for them. Um but they're not
a team you can underestimate in that
group and I thought they did have a
really good series like outside of
winning a good series against Fly. We
were joking while we were watching the
highlights that I I wouldn't be shocked
if Shopify pulls off some type of run in
playoffs and ends the split at third or
something. They had this whole
conversation about bottom four. They
can't win a single game, but just with
the way the groups work, they could lose
every game, every series in the group
stage, and they'll crossplay the three
seed from the other group, sneak into
playoffs, and if like we know contract
is performing well, we know B Boy has a
lot of potential. Like, we know everyone
on this team can reach a peak. There's
just every game or series, it seems like
one player makes some big mistake. And I
know it's a big if, but if they clean
that up, then who knows where they'd be
able to go. But I want to talk a bit
about the item changes because we
previewed them yesterday during the
lounge. My big thing that I didn't see
enough uh like adoption of was the
specifically
armor and MR boot upgrades because I
think the efficiency on these things is
actually incredibly powerful. So just
taking the armor ones, this is just the
upgrade 15 armor which gold value is the
same as a cloth armor. It's about 300
gold. The whole thing costs 500 and you
also get this at the time you're
upgrading it about like an 80 or 90 base
health plus 4% max health which if
you're at 2,000 health is going to be
another 80. So it's almost 200 health
shield. So it's like you're getting
cloth armor and a health crystal worth
of shield which is way more than the 500
gold value. 5 ms.
It's just especially for the type of
people that are building those boots
anyway who are bruisers with linear item
scaling. I would almost always after two
items slam that boot upgrade if you have
the feats of strength. And I just don't
think I've seen people do that yet, but
I think they should do it in the future.
Yeah, I think especially with one day in
and everyone just kind of just seeing
what other people are doing, LEC and L
um LPL and LCK going through, I think
some of the item changes are happening
slowly cuz also like ROA changes or
something else that have been slow to
change and ship to see what people want.
Yeah, but I did see, you know, a fair
number of people at least buy some of
the boot upgrades. I do think they're in
a much better spot. Uh, something I was
also really really excited for with this
patch was also the player behavior
updates that they're basically having,
you know, automated detection of of soft
denting of people running down games and
all this stuff. And I've already seen in
some of my games people, you know,
getting punished. And so it's been
really really good to see some of these
people who are, you know, doing these
these heinous things, who are running
down games, who are, you know, really
just kind of in these situations where
it's like, okay, are you really trying,
you know, are you really doing your best
in this game getting
punished with their criminal behaviors?
So, do you think any of DSG's players
will be punished after
that's crazy like for me? But I mean,
look, look at these plays. You know
what?
This guy's just going in there. He's
even trying to steal the bear and just
killing himself. And that Noo-Noo with
10% HP. I mean, who would do that?
Wait a minute. These
[Applause]
are the players that I have caught and
reported. The system is working. That
was a good steal. I had attempted a
steal. One penalty prevents most players
from Wait a minute. But in this case, it
may be a lost cause.
Why did my face popped up? Punish. I was
going to steal. That was a good attempt.
Look, I'm I'm defending myself in this
respect. That's crazy. What were you
doing on the Noo-Noo, bro? The Noo-Noo.
Look, my Noo-Noo is not the greatest.
My Noo-Noo is not the greatest. I
remember that game. Wait a minute. You
need to show my teammates replay. My
teammates were trolling. If there was a
Bard in that game, we need to report
him. That guy was crazy. I think Raz is
toxic. No, that's what I'm learning.
Look, toxic R. By the way, the editors
did you some favors in that role, too.
You should. They cut out the on that
happened right before. By the way, those
guys, the other four members were my
friends, but these guys, I am putting
the report function to use. You guys are
getting attacked, too. If I'm getting
hit, you guys are getting hit. It's
working. Wow. Sweet. That's insane.
Well, the producers have a quiz for us.
The first few questions are going to be
multiple choice and then we're going to
follow along in chat. Please vote in
chat with A, B, C, or D. Don't use the
player name, so just vote with A, B, C,
or D. And uh the first question here is
going to be heading into week five,
which player has the highest damage per
minute difference compared to their lane
opponent stats. Oh, this is interesting.
I'm going to say Whippo just because I
know he was number one in damage per
minute. And top laners often times,
especially if they're put on like a tank
match up, are going to be really low.
Yeah, that's kind of what I was thinking
as well cuz he does also a lot of carry
picks. I feel like it's going to be
those are the two that I would think of.
I'm voting B. Does it include a little
bit more? I would I would go I would go
for Raz isn't cheating. I would go for a
C9 player actually. I'm an honorable man
and I'm letting the also decide this
one. Of course I'm going. I'm leaning
towards but there's a lot of C now.
People are thinking Loki at least
compared to Oh, it's a tie. Oh, that's
really close. I think it's a actually I
actually think it's a C9 player. Oh,
hold on. I thought that was the answer.
I'm going to go This is chat. I I am I
am going to go with Loki. Lock it in,
Emily. I'm going to go with Loki. Who
you want, Raz? I would go Blippo. All
right, let's find out the answer here.
C. I feel like Blippo playing a lot of
carries. It is Coke.
Loki. Loki as well as about 28% of you.
I 5050 the two C9 players. All right, by
the way. Yeah, like I was seeing some of
the the people going changing their
answers to C. So, I guess maybe there's
a lot of C9 fans out there. People in
chat start spamming the letters again.
Oh, I knew this answer already cuz I was
looking it up. I I was looking it up
before. No, it's actually B. It's Ayla.
Yeah, that's why I was looking it up.
Oh, contracts number one among junglers
cuz I remember seeing She was number one
in junglers. Emily, you just ruined the
the
looked. She's supposed to guess it. I'm
I'm on Emily's side. I mean, you could
not believe me right away. I look I
looked up the stats, but now everyone in
chat or I could just be I could just be
lying. I'm totally lying, guys. It's not
B. Everyone's just typing B now. All
right. Well, so I thought it was I
thought it was C. So, I'm just going to
say C. I got I got yelled at by
producers, so I'm pretty sure I'm right.
All right. All right. I looked up the
stat. Look, I'm doing my job. Okay,
guys. Well, see, I I remember seeing
contracts. I remember looking up jungle
stats and he was number one among
junglers. So, I was thinking he might
have been number one cuz was doing like
nothing without it. Yeah, he used to be
number one I think before going into
this week. So, like that's actually why
I was looking it up to see if he We know
the answer is B. I wish we would show
the percentage as well or what it was.
Okay, next question. that secured the
most dragon souls. Souls. This kind of
has to be D. No. Well, they've played
some long played a lot of long games. I
think this kind of has to be them.
Hunter Thieves played pretty long games,
too, though. And they actually I will
say I don't think it's I don't think
it's C9. I think I think wins too fast.
I think Hunter Thieves wins enough games
and plays slow games. I think it's C. I
like dig has been a part of I'm going
with I'm going with
Did they get the soul? Did they get the
soul versus It was to be fair it was
versus Shopify. They won one of them. So
like they won that series. They won that
series. Lion doesn't win enough. How
many dragon souls have even I'm I think
that's 100 Thieves. Yeah. I just think
C9 wins too fast to get I think it's
either 100 Thieves or D. People have
been shifting their votes to 100 Thieves
as you can already see. So it's going
towards 100 Thieves got it. Kobe, what
do you think? gave me Kobe. I don't
think it's C9 cuz I don't think I think
they finished that game.
Okay, Kobe, let's see what the answer
is. I'm going to go I'm going to go with
dig. What's the answer? It's
lion. Only three is the most. Three. I
mean, I feel like we don't have a lot of
souls. Oh, we're in. Well, maybe it was
the first three games. There three wins.
I'm surprised how many people are saying
C9. They finish their games way too like
they finish their games quickly. has
played more League of Legends than any
of these guys and they haven't been able
to get that many. Yeah, but they lose
all the versus Shopify. They were
winning that. They won that series. One
series. I know, but that they're long as
hell. We're losing, too. I signed this
with Raz and I lost, so I'm never doing
it again. I think we we might have more.
I think we're going really slow. Name
the three champions that have 100%
kicked in LTA North Split 2, including
Fearless Band, including uh Varys. It's
definitely Varys is one. Including
Fearless Bands. That mean Kalissa?
Varys? It's
Visi and then something. Uh, probably
Nefury or Nef is close. It's definitely
Visi and presence. Yeah, we have two or
three. I'm not sure. What's the third? I
don't think I don't think Ezreal is
100%. It's not Kalista cuz she fell
through she fell through a draft
yesterday. No, not Rumble.
Spirit Blossom. Spirit Blossom. That's
our hint. That is the hint. It's a lot
of hints. Producers gave us a hint.
All right. Okay, people are saying Azir
as a question mark. They were wrong.
Currently has a 14.8 KDA across the full
NA split. His best KDA is 12.4 from 2020
spring. But what did his KDA peak at
that split? Prices right rules. Prices
right rules. Prices right rules. Okay.
Oh god. Okay. Peak. Are we counting
infinite? That's infinite. You just get
one before zero counts as one. That's
just the way it is. Okay. I'm doing one
then. Yeah. That's wrong. Oh, wait.
So, it only works if it's price is
right. Everyone Okay, Raz is locked in
for one. No, you put in your vote. Uh,
then whoever votes last just kind of
wins. Yeah. I I'm just going to guess
who cares. I'm going to say 27. I'm
going to go out there. I'm going to go
something ridiculous cuz I feel like I
feel like Okay, I'm going to What do you
say? I I was going to go 60. Okay. I
I'll go What did you say? 27. 28. Let's
see. What is it? 84. No one got that.
Congratulations. I won by default. Emily
wins. Emily wins. Yeah, cuz that was the
C9 split where they started. We thought
they were going to go undefeated, so he
probably just didn't die until that
first loss. Our committee said 76, so
you're the closest one in the chat. That
one, that was close. Congrats. Congrats,
Chatter. All right, let's check out the
schedule for today. We got two matchups
ready to go. Cloud9 is part of the
second one. They're playing against
Lion. And first up is going to be
Hundred Thieves versus Dignitas.
Yeah, I think it I think it's on paper
obviously two fairly one-sided match
ups, but yesterday was actually a lot
closer than I expected it to be. So, I
do feel like Hunter Thieves Dig, you
know, maybe there's some room for DIG to
actually get in there. Certed a lot
better last week. Um, you know, and they
are kind of coming off of a win. So,
maybe they can actually, you know,
springboard that in into a more
competitive series here against Thieves.
Yeah, especially if you're solely
focused on one series, which is
obviously much different than the the
the what we saw from the best of ones.
Like them recognizing they're going up
against Hundred Thieves. Also, the
improvement that we've seen throughout
this split. I It's going to be
competitive. I'm I know it's
competitive, but yeah, it is. I'm
excited for it. Kobe is going to be
standing by with River for an interview
to get his thoughts ahead of the series.
Hey, I'm here with River pregame. Now,
we actually talked to you last week
after you guys won and you were like,
"Ah, our scrims are so chaotic. We need
to focus up to, you know, everyone's
just going for kills." How were the
scrims this week? Yeah, to be honest,
our scream's going really well this
week. So, uh, I have confidence today.
How did your boy Sniper do? He's He's
smiling ear to ear over here. A sniper
smurfed this week in screams. He solo
killed like everyone. So, yeah, we going
to win today. All right, sir. Watch out.
Um, Dignitas. Now, they are now known
for just having the longest games in the
entire league. They set the record for
the top three actually. Is there
anything going against this team that
you want to target specifically or you
think you should like play fast or play
slow?
Uh I feel like we played like a bit like
boring game last week but this week
going to like fast game for us. Yeah.
All right. There you have it. We're in
store for an exciting game. Take it
away, Lounge.
I can't I can't tell. I can't tell
whether he's trolling or not.
Yeah. I asked Quidd as he walked through
and he said, "We had insane script." I
was like I was like, "Quinn, are you
lying to me?" And he's like he's like,
"I'm not lying.
They're all in on it." They're all in on
it. No, he's not. That's insane. They're
all in on it. Oh my god. I mean, we
should probably talk about it because
it's the point of discussion for the
team. like 100 Thieves. Uh if we look
through their 20-minute uh you know
throws in general, that's ju that's just
recent. Yeah, just recent. Just recent
versus Fly Quest versus Dignitas versus
Team Liquid. We got them here, brother.
And then we're jumping. And then we're
jumping. This is where Raz Noo-Noo. This
is where the tariffs come in. Like
Well, wait. Swap this out. But if you
look at it like this, the gold graph
starts looking really good.
Yeah, exactly. Wait, wait. Turn it the
other way so I can hot swap it. Okay, so
hot swap. Yeah. So, basically this is
against the two top teams, right? Where
they they threw around like basically
Oticon. Okay. This was them against
graphic swap DIG w where they actually
were in a gold deficit. Yes. And then if
people remember the last time they met
Dig, Dig actually had a pretty strong
early game against 100 Thieves. Um, and
then they ended up winning through.
That's the opposite of a worrying trend.
It is. I mean, a lot of times,
you know, maybe they still want they
want all of it to be a boat. What is the
opposite of a worrying trend? Positive
trend. Positive. An uplifting trend.
Something more catchy. Here. Here. Here
is this Oicon throw. Uh, my oon believe
they've done this. And River played this
one so well. of course like being able
to find the uh specifically Shaden who
was like really low on HP. I know that
Dignitas talked about this in particular
like why did we start Oticon? It's just
shredding our MR and armor the entire
time. Shaden almost died to the Oticon.
Yeah, he was at what 20% maybe. He
started that one really healthy too. I
feel like teams say like they always
know it and then they do it anyway and
then afterwards when they lose the fight
they're like right there too by the way.
Drago they literally came out of that
being like dragon is literally right
there. We could have just done that
instead, but like we fell for the same
bait. So, I mean, I thought River was
fantastic in those team fights, and I
feel like he's been a kind of a shining
uh I don't know, light. Yeah. For the
team, even when they have been
struggling. But there was there was one
thing when he I believe this interview
was also with NANE where he talked to
them about their scrims because it's
been such a huge discussion point with
people ragging on 100 Thieves for their
scrims. Um, and this was last week and I
the only reason I thought it was
interesting is because a lot of people
had constantly been asking Hundred
Thieves, oh, okay, you know, do you does
it help that you guys really overextend
in scrims and then you can reel it back
on stage? Is that why you're so good?
And he said last week was the first week
that they felt like on stage it was
rough as well. Um, so it's also cool to
hear compare this to that interview he
just did. Yeah. where they did seem uh
you know in in good vibes, right? And
then this was Quidd on H 100 Thieves
Scrims, I believe the week before on
Pros, not last week. This was the one I
did with him and I was I was basically
asking him cuz people were always
telling me they're all they do is
fighting scrims and but yet on stage
they're really given a lot of credit for
how good they are at fighting and I was
saying does that actually add to it, you
know, like the fact that you're always
fighting, does that make you better on
stage? And he's basically like nope, you
know. Yeah. And I think it's to me
really interesting with this team
because I was listening to Raz on pros
talking to Isles and Isles was saying
that they're one of the most solo Q team
and I think there's some truth to that
where they are very good team fighters
and sometimes the lack of traditional
structure can help them because they're
winning fights and picking angles that
other teams wouldn't necessarily be
expecting because it's just not what
they're used to in in games. But then
when they're against the really
organized teams that have really good
structure like the Fly Quest or the Team
Liquid, they're not able to fight their
way out of that as consistently as you
want. But against a lot of the bottom
teams, they're able to do that. So I
think it's a it's a tricky transition
for them because I think their strength
is their weakness in that sense where
they're really good at taking fights. So
I don't necessarily know how they get to
the next level. Yeah, it reminds me a
lot of, and I know Raz will know this
too, a lot of what people used to say
about LPL scrims, right? where they're
like, "Oh man, LPL teams, they just
absolutely run it down." But then when
it came to uh a lot of teams facing
them, this is not more recently, but
like back uh before they kind of had a
stronger scrim culture. Um people would
be like, "But then on stage, they're
just so good at team fighting, they're
going to out team fight us, even if they
have like quote unquote worst macro." I
think there are definitely things you
can tweak especially with like setups
specifically um that can still aid like
really strong team fighting without
hurting it. So finding that balance like
hearing all of these discussions from
100 these players has been really really
interesting as they're kind of going
through this journey. Yeah. And we got
to hear from Certi on this one speaking
to Kobe. So let's uh take a look at
that.
All right. Now we're here with Certie. I
got to ask you first about last week,
longest games in LTA history. Were you
guys excited or like relieved? What was
the emotion that you were feeling during
that game and when you won? Uh I think
after game two I was just relieved, but
after game three I was like pretty
happy. Not cuz we played like especially
well, but because it's like nice to get
your first like real best of three win
on stage. Like I don't really consider
the DSG1 like a real series, you know?
So, beating Shopify, it's like it's
nice. Yeah. I mean, where do you guys
see yourselves going from there now?
Because I mean, 100 Thieves people
assume are going to be second in the
group. Can you take uh second place
here? I mean, if we win this game, we
get second in the group, right? That
means we lock offs. So, it would be nice
to win. I I think in our last series
versus them, they were like completely
gapped everywhere and then some like
unfortunate things happened. I tpd to a
terrible spot three times and lost the
game. But as long as they don't do that
today and we play how we did the last
time we lost them, I don't think we'll
lose. I mean, technically, you can still
shoot for Fly Quest, too. Um, and shoot
even higher. But yeah, uh, your lane
opponent, Sniper, is the second newest
top laner into the league behind you, of
course. Um, how do you feel about him
individually? He is known for solo
killing a lot of people. Is that a worry
at all? Uh, I don't think solo kills
really matter that much anymore. Like in
in the version of League that we have
today, solo kills don't really make or
break the game. It's more like how you
manage your waves around objectives and
what the team wants to do and
everything. And I think that he kind of
loses himself after 10 minutes. So, as
long as nothing too insane happens
before that point and the game is
stable, I think it's going to be really
easy match up. All right, keep the game
stable then. Back to the lounge.
Nice.
I think on the point of 30 as well, he
has been struggling for the most part,
but had a really good week last week.
So, I he to me, he had a pretty
promising interview afterwards where
he's talked about how much he's actually
been working and how difficult tier one
has actually been for him because
everybody in tier one is actually making
their life pursuit to be as good as they
can at League of Legends where in tier 2
was like, "Oh, I was the only one doing
that." So, it was just super easy. Now,
everyone is on that same level of
effort, but I think he he found
something last week. Uh, part of it, I
think, could be in his champion pool. I
don't necessarily like seeing him on
tanks. I like him on things that can
have a lot more agency in team fights.
And let's see if he can build off that
today against Hunter Thieves. Yeah, it's
a great combination of that. Also, um,
they've all kind of referenced their
coaches like really zeroing in on that
play style, like them improving and
playing together and getting vision the
right way, all these things. And I think
the growth pain has been there. Um, but
hearing from Isles in pros like talking
about Hundred Thieves in particular, how
you know they're a solo Q team. We've
all talked about that. Uh, and how they
play really well on stage, but this is
the match that they have been really
ready for. If you're trying to get two
playoffs like and you know, obviously
you're looking at Fly Quest and saying
like we have to try our hardest, but
that's the hardest matchup. Hundred
Thieves is the team that everybody has
pointed to and said this is the team
that is the most believable to beat in
the top four. So, I'm really interested
to see if there's a specific strategy
that they've had in play for this one.
How long are the games going to be? Oh,
very long. Are they gonna be long? I
mean, what makes you say these are the
two teams with the highest uh or
actually it's it's not the highest.
Shopify is the highest was second
highest and 100 Thieves is right in the
middle. Yeah. So, they have which is I
think a little different. I know 100
Thieves combined kills per minute has
gone down as well cuz they used to be
like in split one they were the
bloodiest topping the charts. Yeah. Uh
well and the split I think before that
last year they were also the bloodiest
team in the world. Oh god. Snipers
already viewing is having a photo shoot
basically before the series. All that
being said none of us are taking Dignas.
We're all taking you gave him a game.
Yeah. I I think that Dignitas is
improving and I think that Hundred
Thieves is a team that is very wavy,
very inconsistent, and like I will
always remember the start of split one
where they were like very close series
versus DSG. Hundred Thieves can have bad
games or like but still win them and
screech them out uh versus like the
worst teams but will win at the end. So,
I still have them winning the series.
Yeah, I'm hoping we get some big time
team fights in this game. I hope
Dignitas continues to have a good
showing and ultimately a lot of this
group stage is if you're not is
preparing for the next phase of this
because the way the groups will end is
the top two will play each other for
seating and even the bottom two from
each group are going to crossplay. So
ultimately these teams are angling
towards improvement. Yeah, that's true.
Yeah. And there's only one way to find
out who's improving. I think both teams
better be improving. They better start
improving because I just want to see the
damn games. Let's start the show. Heat.
Heat.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
Hello and welcome to the cast. We have
made our way to the caster desk. I am J.
Ael is just sliding on his headset here
for Dignitas versus Hundred Thieves. We
know that Dignitas picked up the win
last week, but Hunter Thieves have
definitely owned the matchup against a
lot of these not top teams as you would
say. So, we'll see if they're able to
fight their way through to another
victory. Ael, yeah, it's going to be
interesting. I mean, I think especially
I'm really curious to see how Hunter
Thieves looks after that river interview
and after Quad telling Wait, excuse me,
telling us as well that they were owning
in scrims. I can't tell if they were
actually trolling a little bit or if
they weren't. But the way that I
interpret this and we'll we'll try and
bring in the context as we move into
champion select. Hunter Thieves have
been terrible in scrims and they
consistently say they want to be better
in scrims. So I think it was probably a
message that they had internally all of
last week. Let's take scrims more
seriously. Let's succeed more. That
probably failed miserably, but they
still want to fake it till they make it
and just say that scrims are better.
That's how I'm interpreting that. It's
100 Thieves propaganda. Yes. Hunter, the
thieves are lying to us. They really
are. Well, maybe they're going to look
amazing. If they look amazing, will you
believe them or are you still going to
think that's unrelated and they're
lying? Uh, yeah, I think so. Because to
me, the correlation of of scrims to
stage for these guys is almost never
there. Yeah. So, the way we'll know that
they're only in scrims is if they get
absolutely slammed to zero today. That's
how we're going to know. Yeah, there we
go. Then they'll have to go back. Uh, in
terms of this draft, nothing too
shocking early. As has been pointed out
by many. Uh, the classic Hunter Thieves
Rumble ban. They generally don't play it
or play against it. So, that's their
first ban. I think we're going to keep
that banned all series. And now we are
ready for that first pick.
Yep. Rumble, Yona, Jace, Nar, Vi, and
Azir are going to be those bands. And
we'll see where they want to go. if it
is just going to be, you know, Varys um
and Ezreal getting traded, that feels so
incredibly common. We are seeing a lot
of first pick Varys these days. I think
that's probably going to be the pick and
then I'm kind of expecting it to just be
Ezreal plus one over on the other side.
And we'll kind of move onwards from
there. Um Varys just feels like I mean
Ezreal's strong, but Varys feels like it
fits in so well to literally every
composition. You can go on hit, you can
go lethality, you can do different
styles. It's really lane dominant, has
great aggressive pairings, has poke
pairings, it has kind of everything. I
think that's one of the things that also
makes it such a viable first pick is
even though it is Varys, you're flexing
it. Yeah, you actually get to flex
between poke and attack speed varys
depending on what the rest of the draft
dictates. So, it's just the best AD
carry first pick. And I also am quite
happy that we've moved into the fearless
phase because that is why Varys Ezreal
was so much of the trade in best of one
phase. But now that they've both been
locked in, we won't see them again for
the rest of the series. Yep. So Renekton
the answer. I would be excited to see
Shen uh coming out here. I do actually
think Shen is pretty strong these days.
We did get see a jungle Shen yesterday.
We didn't see a top lane Shen. Uh Gwen
actually got some pretty significant
nerfs and the win rate did go down quite
a lot. Uh if it is Tia getting locked in
then that tells me that it is going to
be Gwen top for sure. Um I don't think
that you're going to do you know the
double AP pairing. You want to have some
sort of CC and you generally are going
to be looking now for a physical damage
jungler. Um so likely to see a mid lane
response here from Ky and then just
banning out some of the physical damage
jungle options here uh from their
opponents and we'll see exactly where
Kane wants to take us. Yeah. talk a
little bit about the Gwen pick here into
the Renekton. Renekton traditionally
you'd think would be one of the counters
to other melee champions, but when we go
back maybe three patches, Gwen was
changed to have a different power curve.
Much stronger early game for a little
bit of a late game trade-off, but that
was overshot. Gwen started running over
early games, then was still insane in
team fights in part because of her
ability to just Gwen is immune. Gwen is
immune. Gwen is immune in every fight.
But kind of the prediction we had on the
lounge was even though Gwen's nerfs were
substantial, there's so much Gwen
inertia from top laners getting
refamiliarized with the kit and teams
being familiar with how to play around
Gwen that they're still going to be
picking it for a while to see if it's
still there cuz yes, the win rate
dropped but it's like 50% in solo Q and
it's still a high skill cap champion. So
I don't know if Gwen is dead. Definitely
going to be weaker than it was on last
patch as you mentioned. Yeah, I don't I
don't think it's going to be, you know,
dead or anything like that. And, you
know, you can always index towards early
game to get through some of these
difficult lanes. Grasp plus inspiration
secondary with biscuits is just so
incredibly strong at actually getting
you through any of those difficult
laning phases. We are seeing, as
expected, some of the physical damage
junglers getting banned out. Zenzho
going to be taken away. Would not be
surprised to see even something like a
Pantheon pairing banned out here as
well. I think that could work quite well
as some setup there for the TIA. And
then over on the other side, Hundred
Thieves are targeting some of the
support pairings, banning out some of
those engage champs. So, Pantheon, as
expected, wouldn't be surprised to just
see like Nautilus or Allistar here as a
final ban from Hunter Thieves. And then
we'll see where Dignas wants to go, but
very likely uh will be locking in their
jungler next. And I think that's why
support is getting targeted here because
they're assuming that Isles is going to
save fifth pick for counter pick for
sure. Nefuri's open and it doesn't pair
well for CC with the Gwen, but it still
pairs as being like an OP champion. So,
I think that's a good pick for River. I
would say Jarvin, but the Ezreal
Ari Jarvin. So, I don't think that River
would take that. And with the Nefari
being up, Dig is just going to take it
away. So, that's now look at this. Vi
Zin, Pantheon, Nefari in terms of 80
junglers off the table before River can
lock in. Yeah, I mean Talon is an
option. I doubt it. I do think you could
still go towards Jarvin like you
mentioned earlier. There's always
Jarvin, there's Lein. There's still a
lot of different options. Viego I think
works as well. If you really wanted to.
Yeah, I mean there's lots of tank
junglers, but Viego makes a lot of sense
here. You do want a physical damage
threat up on the top side. Varys even
has a pretty big splash of magic damage
in his kit, so you would be way too I
think AP heavy. Uh Nautilus makes sense
here. You know, again, more setup there
for the seismic shove from the Tia. And
now we're just looking for a support
counter pick. You know, is it going to
be something like a Braum, a denial
pick, or is it going to be, you know,
more of one of those engage picks like a
or raon to try to lock it in? I think
those are kind of the two options. Do
you want to play the more defensive
style with the Braum, or do you want to
have engage with the reel or raon? Isles
plays a lot of re. I feel like Braum
might fit better, but the re is locked
in because they want to be able to be
the people pressing the go buttons. I
when I look at the Hunter Thieves side,
very little utility, lots of damage in
their top side and then they load their
utility in with the Vary Nautilus. So, I
think it's going to be really important
for them that they have a successful bot
lane. I think River, if he preferences
his ganks and his priority early should
be towards that bot lane because if they
can get them out on the map, then that's
going to enable the rest of their team
composition to function with the setup
from the Nautilus and Varys and then
everybody else bringing the damage. Um,
yeah, absolutely. I mean, I also think
that in these fights, the the first kill
is going to be so important for both
sides. If resets for Viego, resets for
Nefury, you know, resets for the AI, you
know, a lot of the damage is going to be
that upfront burst that is going to be
flying out and whoever gets the early
kills may be running over those fights
incredibly quick. Keep in mind, we heard
about it in the interview there with
Certi, but stats have confirmed if
Tingtos does win this series, they would
be locked into playoffs. So they will be
making playoffs if they win this series.
That would be huge for Dignitas. Of
course, the bottom two teams are not
eliminated, but they have to play for
that playoff spot. Yeah, I really think
that with this format, the difference
between top two in a group and bottom
two in a group is massive. Top two get
upper bracket in playoffs, so they then
get double elimination. If you're a
bottom two, you're essentially
immediately put into elimination before
you even make the playoffs cuz you'll
have to crossplay the other group just
to make it into the lower bracket of the
playoffs. One of the biggest differences
we've ever had between like second and
third in a group. Yeah, it is. It's
crazy because third place you have to
play to even get in playoffs. Then you
already lower bracket. So, it is a big
deal to be top two in these best of
three groups here. Of course, we will be
rounding out that best of three group
stage next week and then we will begin
the cross group play the week after to
be able to decide exactly where all
those seeds will be and uh what will be
happening there for playoffs. Sniper,
worth noting, is going to be playing
Ignite TP. Not super uncommon, but it
does mean you are much more vulnerable
to the ganks. Obviously, you still have
the skip and slash, but you know, if you
ever use that aggressively and Shaden is
in a bush, well, you're probably getting
ran down. So, that is something that
they're going to have to watch out for.
or an FBI also going to be playing
lethal tempo. Yeah, props to River
taking the early risk and getting that
ward that's going to be at enemy raptor
camp. I know last week against uh C9 was
playing an Ezreal Braum. They waited for
someone to go and place that brush.
Place that ward in the brush. Got the
kill. Not quite the amount of lock down
that DIG would have. So River just went
out quickly got the ward. It does spot
Shaden though. And since River is not
spotted, this immediately gives River a
little bit of the information upper
hand.
Yep. So, we will see how this game is
going to start out. Both junglers expect
to just kind of be full clearing. We did
see a little bit of divergence from that
yesterday. Obviously, with the changes
on this patch, there is more of an
opportunity, I think, for junglers to
get a little bit more aggressive. There
are less objectives that you are just
kind of drawn towards. And one of the
most impressive jungle games we saw was
the um Tesho where he did find a level
three gank early and was really able to
have a very big effect on the map. Yeah,
absolutely. We'll have to see how this
bottom lane plays out as well with River
pathing away from them early. Definitely
pathing towards his flashless Gwen in
the early stages. Has no cool downs. Has
to get his flash for the ignite.
Sniper's going to be happy with that
trade cuz Ignite's going to come up much
faster than the flash. Yeah, Sniper
played that really well. You know, on
the previous stun that Certi went for,
Sniper actually buffered his Q. So, the
snip snip came out as he was stunned.
That is going to not get interrupted. So
he got that trade and then Renekton has
these long cool downs early on. So he
comes out of that. He had just got a big
chunk on him and he just goes in
aggressively with the skip and slash
gets in onto him and is able to trade
that Ignite for the flash. So 30 now in
a bit of a rough spot, but Shad on the
top lane. River is coming in, but can
Sniper actually buy the time. Sniper's
just going to go aggressive and they're
going to look for Shaden going to have
to pop the immunity and run right back
to the tower. Sniper was completely
unfazed by that gank. I mean, this is
just such a big advantage for Sniper and
River because yes, the top laners met up
there and they both did three camps to
top lane, but look at the camps that
were taken. Shaden started top side and
had to show top side, so he goes for
recall. First of all, I'm handsome as
hell. Second of all, I'm the best player
on the team. Let's just keep it a buck.
You know what I'm saying?
Okay. I like how we run that. I thought
it was going to be like a comms
replayation during the I mean, it was
relevant. Like first of all, he is the
best looking on the team. So of course,
River has to path up towards him to
protect it when he brings Ignite against
the best looking, you know, whatever. Uh
that was pretty funny. Um but it is the
TPS already being used by both of these
top laners. And again, Certie gets kind
of clapped on that trade. He did have a
potion with his buy, but has already had
to pop that and now going to be in a in
a bit of a tough spot. And I really want
to see how Sniper continues to evolve as
a player because I know he hasn't had as
many solo kills as he had in previous
years. And he's talked about how his
coaches have tried to make him more
aware of what's happening on the map as
River is thinking about trying to
counter jungle these raptors. So, we
just got to check on this really quick
before we get back to Sniper.
Yeah, River is going to be on the invade
here on the Raptors and it will be a
smite fight. We'll see who gets it.
Shaden does claim the big one. Not too
big of a deal though. So, first sniper
originally, he got a bunch of solo kills
and the team was saying
that, sorry, I was expecting a different
graphic. This this one uh was talking
about how he was solo killing everyone.
Um, but he doesn't have the same killer
instinct that he had before. So, I'm
feeling like he's stuck in the top of
this bell curve that you've seen before
where at first you're thinking as a solo
Q player, uh, just fight them, right?
and he's getting these kills because the
opponent team is thinking there's no way
this guy fights me. He's weak side. His
jungler's not here. So now he's in the
middle of like I don't I need to know
where the enemy is. Not going for as
many solo kills. He needs to evolve to
the 150 IQ 2018 the shai where he's just
going for the solo kill anyway despite
being aware of all the information.
Yeah, just outplay it. But is here Q
flash as is Tommo. Sniper likely to get
taken down but he gets the first blood
in a one v3. What a monster. Sniper
comes up huge for the team. Now, did he
know the bot lane was swapping up and
he's going to trade anyway? I don't
know. There's no way of knowing. What we
do know is he's back to getting solo
kills. Yep. Gets the solo bolo. He is
off to a great start in this game.
Dominating Serty in that one v one. The
early swap to the top side from
Dignitas. That was the flash as well
from Isles. He did not use the ignite. I
think they just kind of assumed it was a
freebie and maybe didn't commit
everything to it. Let's watch this one
more time. And like could Dignitas have
killed him with the ignite and with just
like full commitment to it? Yeah. Cert
is flashless. They get the stun from
Isles. I mean is trying to give the kill
and doesn't he's trying to give the
kill. Yep. And sniper goes through with
one more dash. That is definitely a
misplay there from Dignitas wanting to
give the kill cuz already down in this
situation and they ended up getting it
to Tommo but a big cost there for Certi.
Yeah. I mean they wanted to give it to
Tommo but you know we had he's in the
Gwen is immune, right? like you couldn't
actually get him and as a result you
don't use the ignite you try to give it
over cost you a kill that one definitely
hurts you have got to be careful about
those situations but a going to be able
to land a hook here onto Certi and
thankfully the arrow does not connect to
pop those blight stacks so will be able
to walk it out but the wave still in a
horrible spot for him and is going to be
a tough game for the Renekton who's
already put very far behind yeah and
this is all too common for Certi this
split and this year early on he was set
behind from lane swaps. But even here,
it's a 4-minute lane swap where they're
trying to hand over the kill that
contributes to him being further behind.
And now he's just kind of stuck under
his turret on weak side as the dragon is
getting taken down. Also, now the grubs
aren't spawning until 8 minutes. There's
not a counterplay for Shaden to take
either. So, Hunter Thieves is actually
having their cake and eating it too.
Yeah, they're feeling really, really
good about it. I mean, that three camp
gank that Shaden went for on the top
side did kind of put him behind. He went
for a base, then clears his bottom
camps, but you can see, you know, River
cleared as many camps or even more still
at this point. and then goes to the
dragon. So had a lot more tempo. Sniper
just trying to defend this wave on top
side though. That is a couple waves
stacked up. He's got to be able to
collect this. He's not level six, but he
almost is there. They are bringing up
Shaden though looking for the dive. He's
at full health, which gives him a little
bit more outplay potential. Still hasn't
taken damage. He hits six though. Yeah,
this is so hard to dive, but is going to
position for it. They're going to look
for it. There's the shadow strike and
the crash down. Can they actually finish
him off? No shot. Sniper just holds the
cool downs. Kites back. knew that the
dive could be coming, so held on to that
W. Didn't even have to use the ulti. Is
going to be able to soak some of this
experience, but I guess they're just
calling for the swap. I feel like this
swap is a little bit preemptive cuz
you're still losing so many of these
minions. Like he has an experience
range, but I'm a bit surprised. You
know, that's that's like minus at least
seven minions that he could have picked
up probably no problem there. He's going
to want to catch the wave on the bot
side, which is crashing anyway. So, he's
going to pick up he's basically making
sure the minions don't go to complete
waste. I I'm generally okay with it, but
I see the top laner in you saying, "Why
don't I just collect this wave, teleport
bot, collect another wave?" Because
ultimately, if he gets 25 CS, a
cataract, that's going to pay off way
more later in the game. Exactly. Like,
you outscale the Renekton. It's not like
you're giving it to some, you know, some
trash scaling champ. Exactly. You're
giving it to a Gwen who got a solo kill
and who's already running the lane. So,
to me, you know, donating all that gold,
like even if you had to use your
ultimate there to collect that triple
wave that was pushing in, I still feel
like that's worth it. Then you base, you
TP down. Yeah, you're you're maybe
denying six minions from FBI. Um, but
you're getting all the experience,
you're getting all the gold, and you're
accelerating yourself to a point where
potentially the Renekton is just going
to be a non-factor in the side lane for
the rest of the game. I agree. But even
just the snippet that we saw as we go
back to the Gwen receiving nerfs and
still getting picked, Gwen is still
immune, right? Like the the things that
he's able to do with the Ignite early
on, pressuring Renekton in an early
laning phase as we're going to see a
dive now onto Certi try to put him
further down. Yeah, Certops the
ultimate, but there's the hook from Aya.
They have it set up and AA is just
tanking this up. There's no way out. It
feels like for lives as long as he can,
but the Aftershock Nautilus can tank
that tower for a long time for sure. And
tale of two ganks right there. Right,
that was a Renekton with ultimate. A
threeman dive. Perfect CC chain.
Renekton can't do really anything about
it unless he's able to somehow flash the
first CC. And Sniper now, let's see if
they can dive him this time. Yeah,
they're looking for it. Sniper in some
trouble now. Trying to outplay this with
the ulti. Isles are tanking up. Shaden's
in trouble, but they will make it
happen. Four members come down. KD was
not needed, but they're looking for a
potential redive here now onto Certie.
River was tanking this up. They've got
to reset this tower and try to go for it
one more time. Aya is going to be the
one to start it up now with the charge.
There it is. The stun to follow. Gets
burst down. Not a chance to survive.
Ezreal all cannot connect on the other
side of the map. They do pull off the
dive for DIG, but it cost them even more
because no one's answering mid and Quidd
has just been full shoving that wave.
Yeah, this is a bit of a disaster for
Dignitas. They get the one successful
dive on sniper which definitely helps,
but the double death onto Certi and then
to me here, Kaney on the Ahri roaming
down to be that fourth man in a gank
that worked with three rather than
roaming up to make the redive
impossible. Big error because Renekton
is completely out of the game now. 36 CS
at 10 minutes. Yeah, it's definitely
really tough. And I mean, even if you
want to take the the more risk averse
play, he could have just stayed mid and
farmed. Like, he didn't actually have
any impact on that bot lane play. And it
ends up being Quid now with the full
row. He pushed in mid, denied a full
wave, took a plate. So, 100 Thieves
making the better play happen with less
resources. And yeah, that is the same
level as the supports. He just hit seven
now, but 30 is in. I mean, you were like
a flash stun this game and not much more
unless you can randomly clean up a bunch
of kills in a team fight. Cert is
completely out of this one. It's it's a
it's a roughy. Uh Sniper at the level
advantage. Quidd a bigger level
advantage. Um both mid laners going. So
there I mean I'm just thinking Cert's
going to be behind jungler level for a
lot of this game. He won't be able to
touch side lanes. both the I mean Gwen
is going to be still able to annihilate
him even though sniper has died to that
last dive because end ended up having
the double death in the top lane. We're
going to have to move on to other topics
because a sad tale at this point in the
game. It is it is a very sad tale but
positive side of that is FBI has been
getting paid. Tommo in a pretty good
spot. So you know you definitely have
some hope there. You know the rest of
the members on on Dignas honestly are in
a fine spot. So, you know, bright side
of it is if Cert can kind of just hold
at his tower and clear waves against the
Gwen, then the 4v4 still looks
completely fine for DIG. So, we'll see
if they can make something happen there.
Dragon's going to be spawning here in
about 15 seconds. And both teams are
around this side of the map. You can see
the resets are coming down and they're
going to send down towards dragon
because Kane has TP, so he'll walk top,
which means they are potentially
thinking about fighting this. It's going
to be tricky. They do not have vision
control in the river. You can see two
control WS set up by Hunter Thieves.
Isles moving in to stop one, but Aya and
River just patrolling that area. Can't
even finish that control ward kill. That
was the chains of corruption used there
by FBI for really not much at all. A
tiny bit of poke there onto Isles, but
they are trying to maintain this vision
and we'll see if they can land some more
poke onto Dignas as they walk through.
Dig trying to play through mid.
Obviously not going to have any pryo bot
with 30 down there, but if this threeman
squad can make something happen, you
never know. might be able to has flash
engage. If he's able to get onto Aya, it
would be a nice combo. They can kind of
bully him out and get control. So, I I
don't mind the jostling that Dignitas is
doing right now, but Tia is in river.
They might go for a fight. Oh, looks for
the hook. Can't actually find it.
Defensive crash down there from Isles as
Shaden's able to immune that hook. And
FBI getting quite low on mana, but they
do get some good poke down. Yeah, I mean
very slippery threeman unit that Dig
have in the mid lane there with everyone
being able to just fly away especially
that damn nefari unargetable W every
time AA tries to go for a hook. So they
hold their own there and actually
because they are able to attrition down
a lot of FBI's mana. Aya goes back for
more wards and Dig actually gets what
they wanted which is a little bit of
river control and they start the drake.
Yeah, blue orb is going to spot it
though. So Hunter Thieves have the
opportunity to contest. They are walking
in. Quidd now here does spot the health
on the dragon. It's quite low though. I
think they're going to be able to finish
it. But the question is can they win the
fight afterwards? River is there not
quite in time. There's the stun on
Jaden. Shaking going to get hooked. And
there's the death charge going on to
Tommo. Tommo doesn't get over the wall.
And now he's rooted. He does cleanse. He
has no flash. He didn't shift over the
wall. So he's in a bad spot now. In
comes River, but it's actually FBI that
finishes off the kill. They look like
they want even more. River now shifting
over the wall, showing Tommo how to do
it. Certainly are going to get pinned
down here. It's four members. Here they
come. Wave coming in. Isles and Certie.
Cert.
Yeah, they're going to start it up. Aya
lands the hook there. He's tanking the
tower. They're going to try to turn
around. Nice crash down. The ultimates
come through. Cert is in trouble. So
isles, but the tower's getting a lot of
work done. River is going to fall.
That's two kills for Dignitas. And is
Quid going to be able to finally finish
off Certi here. He doesn't have the
right angle. Sniper wants to try to make
it happen. They do finally finish it
off. It's a two for two though. Well
defended by Isles and Certi. The Ezreal
ultimate can't quite finish off another,
but Shaden's coming back in. Can't get
in range. Thieves will back off. So, it
was actually a good defense of the dive,
but as we bring the tab up, I'll show
you the sad part of the story. It's that
both kills went to Rem. Renekton got
nothing out of that entire exchange.
Watching this, it's nice that Dig could
get the drake, but because they burned
so many of their cool downs, bursting
the dragon, they had nothing left for
this fight. Teleports come in on the
side, don't really end up impacting
anything until the dive. And as you
mentioned, when Ezreal doesn't shift
over the wall, it just ensures that he's
going to die here. I thought Certie did
a nice job delaying the minions, healing
up a bit with a big Q, and the fact that
Re was able to tank so much damage and
land so much CC allowed them to
retaliate very well. But it's just
unlucky that both of these kills end up
going over to Isisles that it was about
a 494 gold kill, that second one that
Renekton really could have used, but it
ends up going over to Isles as well. You
can see the sigh even there on Cert as
he goes down. You know those games where
you're never getting kills, but you feel
like you're involved. He didn't even get
an assist on one of those. He's 041.
Yeah, that is really tough. Well played
though by Isa did have a really welltime
shattering strike, you know, on a right
as he pulled aggro and then got the
threeman crash down Magna locks him in
the tower. Was able to set them up for a
pretty good spot and does have that nice
injection of gold over on his side. But
we'll see if they can do anything with
that. Both teams now looking like
they're happy to scrap here around this
Herald. Thieves again playing for
vision. Shaden just trying to defend
their vision line as much as he can. And
Ala has been eating some poke. So is
down to about 2/3 HP. Yeah, this could
be another fight if DIG try to contest
it.
Cert. He really just wants to clear that
wave and get that turret to me. But
here's a fight. They're going to go for
it. Isles is going to be able to get
over the wall. That's a change of
corruption used on Isisles for not too
much. Kane comes in. It is going to be
stolen by Shade. Can they actually get
in to grab this? Kaney looks like he
wants to try to force it, but he's going
to have to use the ultimate to retreat
back. River low. Sniper looking. Can he
actually finish him off? Kaney going to
have to flash out. Shaden now jumps over
the wall and it's going to be Certy in
the meanwhile pushing down on the bot
side. So, they only commit four. They do
deny the Herald and they're going to get
a tier one bot. This is great for DIG.
Absolutely awesome sequence. Cert is the
biggest fan of this actually getting a
little bit back in the game cuz Sniper
was grouped that entire time. So, Sniper
was not getting any gold. And for as
disastrous this game as be to only be
down 473 gold as they're neck in against
the Gwen same level massive win there.
Hunter Thieves not being able to secure
that Rift Herald hurts them pretty
substantially but more so investing so
much on Kaney at the top side of that
fight as he can just dash around and
flash away with the lock down as we said
being pretty much just the Varys and the
Nautilus. Dignitas maneuvered around
that exchange really really well. I
mean, FBI is is in a great spot this
game, but uh that's backto-back chains
of corruptions that he spent on the real
for pretty much zero, right? You know,
the one prior to the dragon fight, he
threw out maybe did 10% of his damage,
you know, 10% of his HP after it. Again,
they committed it onto Isles in this
fight as well, and he kind of just
crashed down over the wall. Didn't
really take any damage. So definitely
have to make sure that they are in a
position to be able to follow up and
maybe he needs to be just following up
on the engage from Aya to kind of
guarantee that they get more from that
because if you hit that on a key member
they are just dead and is been able to
deal with it really well. Yeah and as
we're approaching the the 20 minute mark
we talked about this in waiting room 100
Thieves have big things happen around 20
minutes. There's this thing of them
throwing at 20 minutes. But the other
thing that you pointed out in one of our
meetings was that they're actually very
good against the lower half of the
standings and have struggled against the
higher half of the standings. Part of
this to me, my theory is that they're
just so good in team fights. They're
handschecking a lot of these teams. And
Dignitas is going to have to overcome
that if they want to win. This is an a
massive discrepancy. It is. It's crazy.
And and it's like like you said, we were
talking about in the meeting. It's
something that I've noticed where it is
one of these things. You want to be a
title contender? Well, you got to be
this tall to ride and uh Hunter Thieves
are the line. You have got to be able to
take down Hunter Thieves if you want to
be able to have a chance to kind of
strike up in the standings because like
you say, they will test you. They will
fight you at every single turn and they
have very good hands. They are good
mechanically. So, if you're not good
enough, they're going to really expose
your your deficiencies in those team
fights.
Yeah. And I would say 100 Thieves have
good setup for this drake right now. So
even if the fight happens, the setup
before the hand check is actually very
advantageous for them. Absolutely.
Shaden again on the side. Kaney does
arrive with the teleport. Are they going
to be able to force it? It looks like
the dragon's already gone. So Hunter
Thieves can just back off. Nice true
shot. The char on FBI. FBI's in a lot of
trouble. Tommo going to be targeted as
well, but Shad in the back line trying
to take down FBI. He's going to be able
to do it. Shaden's got to run now on the
other side. It's a sniper and river very
low. The health bar for Shaden is just
low enough, but he can't quite get taken
down. Cert is going to be able to help
the rest of his team get another kill.
Now, finally, they take down Shaden.
It's River on the side running. Tommo's
full health. Isles and Cert going to
have to call off the chase. At the end
of the day, it's just a couple kills
going the way of Dignitas. It's a two
for one, but Hunter Thieves do get the
dragon. Well, what ended up happening is
the structure of Hundred Thieves fell
apart as FBI took a bunch of damage at
the start of that fight. So, they never
got to set up any type of big fight
line. I want to watch this one more
time. The original setup is good, but
that's only if Aya or FBI are the ones
starting the fight. When the fight
actually starts, FBI ended up being in
the front. An Ezreal W, an Ezreal alt,
and an AI charm all land onto FBI,
completely taking him out of the fight.
And everyone kind of just ends up diving
past Hundred Thieves. So, a spectacular
start to this fight. It doesn't really
matter to me that Shaden fell during
this because from a deficit, being able
to win that fight is huge.
Hopefully you're able to hear that as
Tommo and FBI are back in the mid lane
and the game is kind of reset. Also, if
we want to throw that uh that graphic we
just showed about higher and lower in
the standings. Technically, my producer
mentioned this to me. Technically, DIG
is higher in the standings right now.
There you go. So, it's I don't know.
Maybe
actually pull it out. There's
expectation and there's reality
sometimes two different things. So,
we'll see how they're going to be able
to make it happen. You know, Shaden
definitely a good job following up on
all that damage, but you know, we see
how much upfront burst there can be. You
know, Tommo and Kaney, like you said,
really softened FBI up and then Shaden
just flash aled him, you know, get in,
finish him off, and that is most of
their consistent damage at this point.
100 Thieves is still in a pretty good
spot because they took that dragon, you
know, working towards a potential
infernal soul here. Would be looking for
that third dragon here in just under 3
minutes. But Dignitas definitely pretty
strong, you know, if you're just kind of
squinting, ignoring the top side. Um,
two items across the board, you know,
for Shaden, Kaney, and Tommo at this
point. Yeah. And something that Certi
had talked to me about in his interview
last week when they beat Shopify is that
even though when they've had leads,
they've had a difficult time closing
games, something they've actually been
pretty good at is prolonging losing
situations. So they've been very tough
team to break and that can definitely be
a strength for a team and I think
they're showing it here because at the
start of this game with how much the
Renekton was suffering in the top lane
and how the first dragon just went free
over to 100 Thieves. There's definitely
games where that just snowballs out of
control. Gwen can take over the side
lanes. You can start losing your outer
turrets. You lose safety. You're getting
dove at every at every avenue. But
they've done a really good job slowing
the objective stack from Hunter Thieves.
It's just two DS to one. They denied the
Rift Herald. The turrets are even.
They've really found a good way to stay
in this game and give themselves a
chance to win. Yeah. And this is
interesting cuz Hunter Thieves have kind
of elected to say, "All right, sniper,
you're strong. Come to us in team fight
instead of saying, "All right, sniper,
you're strong. Go just pound this
Renekton into dust." Right. And so they
have spent a lot of time with him
grouped. He does still have that gold
lead. Now completes the second item with
the Nasher's Tooth and they have three
grubs. So if he wants to play through
that side lane, it is going to be
difficult I think for the Renekton. Um
but the other side of that is well it's
hard to split push deep when you don't
see where Nefury is because the engage
range is so long for Nefury and they
have easy setup you know for either the
Nefari or the AI if they move to you. So
Hunter Thieves I think so far have just
been pretty happy to say you know what
you're strong come team fight and we'll
try to win the game that way. And it
does look like again in one minute
dragon spawning. So both teams already
here early trying to play for vision.
And we've seen so much play around these
mid lane side brushes. Both teams just
poking and fighting and trying to clear
out wards. Thinking about a snap engage.
Sniper just made his way up to the top
side. Flashes to be a hook onto Tommo.
Great buffer. There's the chance of
corruption connecting on Tomo. So Tom
maybe not out of trouble just yet.
Isle's going to turn around with the
magnit could be the target now. The
charm does connect and he's going to be
shut down there by Tommo. The teleports
coming in now. Gwen will arrive and what
can Sniper get done? He doesn't connect.
He's going to get up and he's going to
get burst down. Sniper is gone to Certi.
River is on the run. Dignitas is running
over the fight. The charm connects on
FBI. He charms. He flashes, but it's
inserting trying to get another kill.
The locket is not going to be enough as
Shaden gets in for a double. Aya is
likely to fall as well. It's going to be
a clean ace for Dignitas out of nowhere.
Here they come. Shaden resets out this
entire fight. This is going to be Oticon
going over to Dignitas as well. And that
was just decisiveness looking at the way
they started this. They see sniper on
the top wave. They know he won't be
there in a while. And Quid is in the
river. So they just completely pile onto
him. And once they've started the fight,
there is no turning back. Hunter Thieves
then continues to all in as Sniper
teleports in late. But by the time he
teleports in, his team has already
burned all their important cool downs.
They can't back him up. And it just
leads to a total route by Dignitas.
Yeah, really well played by DIG again.
You know, they get that kill onto Quid
as you say. You the ulti comes in and
just the call to pack doing so much work
every single time. It feels like he's
immuting a big CC there. Shaden this
time, you know, immunes the hook. FBI
again already spent the alt really
before the fight broke out. He used it
on the Ezreal mid again wasn't even able
to get his Q on him after he hit the
alt, so didn't really get much poke down
onto. and they just don't really have
the lock down as a result with Nautilus
hook getting immune and with that Varys
alt being on cool down and quit being
dead. The biggest thing to me in that
fight though is just 100 Thieves not
being on the same page. We have been
back and forth about this Gwen and how
Gwen could take over the game in a side
lane. But both parties have to be
aligned with that goal. Sniper had
walked up to the top wave. He had just
arrived at the wave. It was a clear 4v5
and H 100 Thieves is just putting
themselves in engage range a minute
before the dragon spawns. Let Sniper get
to the turret, then think about stepping
up when he can teleport in a good
situation. But to make matters worse,
after the fight started, rather than
taking the advantage that Sniper had
spent so much time, he throws it away,
gives up yet another kill. It's one of
those things when when we're talking
about the most solo Q team. That's the
bad part of it. what just happened
there. Taking 4v5s when your top laner
is trying to set up split push and
throwing away your advantages. Yeah,
absolutely. I mean, Quid with no flash
kind of wandering through the river. He
was in a really dangerous spot and gets
punished massively. So, 100 Thieves now
going to have to do some work if they
want to try to claw their way back.
Their dragon of is now gone. It is 2 to2
here. They are down 2,000 gold at this
point. you know, is not a monumental
deficit, and we've seen them come back
from quite a few games against some of
these lower ranked teams. But Dignitas
definitely in a great spot, especially
with how well the early game was going
for 100 Thieves. Dignitas has got to be
ecstatic with their positioning. And
look at Kaney now level 16, hiding in
the brush there. They could look for a
pick here. They definitely have the
damage if a fight starts off well. Yeah,
Isles can be playing with a lot of
confidence. It'll be even more when his
hex flash turns back into flash because
if you're looking at VGO, Gwen, Tia,
Varys, all these people are
one-shotable. I mean, heck, even the
Nautilus right now, level eight. Mhm.
Level eight at 26 minutes into the game.
Very easy to burst down with all of the
point of attack damage that Dignitas
has. And I mean, you can see the
experience is is looking really good for
Dign. They got Oicon, so they get the
injection of experience there. They also
have uh the thornbound Oticon proc in
these kills. They have reset champs. get
one kill. Now the slows are procking.
The fury and Ari are piling in. That can
be really difficult to deal with. So
definitely the gold lead even more than
it's showing because of all the adaptive
force that has also been grabbed up.
Looks like 31 flowers if I'm seeing that
right. So quite a bit of additional AD
and AP plus all the experience that they
did grab. Yeah. So for Tommo that's
going to be 27 adaptive force. It's like
three long swords. Yeah. Or basically a
pickaxe, right? It's pretty damn good.
That's a lot of a lot of AD. Yeah, the
extra stats that that Hunter Thieves has
is because they got the feats of
strength. So, they have the slightly
better boots. You can see the sorcerer
shoes have been upgraded by Quid. Well,
Kaney looking with the charm can't
connect on Quid, but Quid is still kind
of getting chunked down here. Lucky that
Charm did not connect. Ala coming in
now, but everyone is already here for
Dignitas. The TP going to be in the back
line there for sniper. Can they get the
kill? There's the immunity to use for
Shad. And Shad's just going to get
chopped in half. There's the reset now
coming in for the VGO. FBI on the other
side fighting against Isles. It's going
to be Certy in the backline trying to
finish off Quid, but Quid is low health
and Quid is running for his life. The
flash, the charm. River saves his
teammite. Hundred Thieves, they fight
themselves into a deficit and they fight
themselves back out. That's Hunter
Thieves Gaming is they just fight their
way out of holes.
Quidding his items to the utmost
advantage. Rod of Ag's tankiness,
Sarah's tankiness. though he steps in,
can absorb so much damage, and that in
itself is kind of the engage. He draws
them in as the teleport flies in over
the top. So Gwen ends up being the first
one to the fight, creating a temporary
5v4. You can see Quidd only burn through
about half of his health at the early
stage in this fight. Shaden cannot reset
because Sniper and River take him down
first. And then FBI ends up being able
to just freehit Isles on the back side
of the fight. That was a five for zero
ace. Yep. And that first kill, I mean,
the call of the pack got used early.
Sniper was on the flank. That was
perfect timing. I hook him four.
Nice. Random fight to win the game.
Yeah, good job. Well, really,
the Hundred Thieves Classic. Random
fights to win the game. Also, random
fights to lose the game because that was
what happened at the dragon. It seemed
like a random fight in a 4v5. This time
they are the ones. That was a little
less random because they actually had
the numbers advantage because they were
the first to TP. So, I'll take that
level of random fight. Thank you very
much FBI. He's also completed his
Terminus, which is a big power spec I
feel like for these onhit varys. And
let's see what they can do with this
Baron buff. Yeah, I mean River was a
monster in that fight, too. I mean, they
got the early kill on Shaden. He takes
over the Nefury, gets a lot of damage
done with that. And it's always flashy
to see, you know, he gets the second
kill on the Aries over the wall, gets
the Charmons 30 to save his mid laner.
uh be able to get that too. And now they
are cleaning up the towers as the Baron
buff will often let you do. Kaney down
here in this bottom lane, excuse me, in
the top lane trying to push for this
tier two and is trying to get some gold
back, but Quidd will easily defend that
and clear out the wave. Yeah, we have
the third drake being taken by Hundred
Thieves. It puts them on soul point. I
still feel like we're in for one of
those slightly longer games. Dignitas
average game time about 37 1/2 minutes.
It's the second longest in the league.
Hunter Thieves right in the middle of
the pack at about 33 minutes because I
feel like their games are so explosive
for Hunter Thieves. You see so many
kills. You have a lot of gold. It's hard
for it to go to 38 minutes. But
Dignitas, we can't count them out. Even
though this has been a very swingy game,
they're at a big deficit. They swung it
back. It actually just swung back even
harder because now they're down 5,000
gold. But they just need to find that
one fight where Hunter Thieves is being
a little bit too disrespectful. Yeah, if
you can get one good pick to start off
the fight, get 100 to zero play, you
have an opportunity. But that is of
course hard. Charm is going to be a
little bit of damage down on Quidd. But
there's a seekers now on Quidd. There's
a shield bow now on River. You know,
there's the locket that's been available
for a long T time. And there's now the
hook onto Isle. So, so won't mean too
much. But when the luxury items start
coming through, it always gets a lot
harder to actually get those kills. So,
it feels like it's almost got to be FBI,
but he also has cleanse flash and
Terminus does make you a little bit
tankier with that passive. And the
experience catchup from these late game
team fights for underleveled supports is
incredible. Alo was level eight like the
last time I looked. And now he's level
11, same level as Isisles. The two level
of disadvantage was completely made up
for in that last team fight and this
last sequence of taking down turrets.
So, uh, still you saw there Tommo really
powerful poke onto River able to force a
reset just by holding that mid lane
turret, landing a few Ezreal QES. So, a
little bit of League of Legends to be
played, but I will definitely agree with
you. Quid's items especially are getting
quite potent at this stage and he's
going to be even harder to take down and
FBI now he's getting to the point where
he's going to build towards Jack show.
So when you have Terminus then you get
the Jack show you have your tabies you
start to get really difficult to burst
down on the Varys as well. So this is
the point of the game where it does get
a lot harder to find picks. You kind of
have to be able to go toe-to-toe have
the same same level firepower and they
are very far down right now. Shaden
should be able to hop out of safety but
Quid is overall on the wrong side. Could
they actually find him? No flash. Can
they burst him down? The secret is
available, but he's going to get
stunned. He's going to get killed. Jumps
up on the wrong side of the town and
gets let know about that right by
Dignitas going to knock him down in a
hurry. And you can see the reaction on
the player cam. Look at his face. He
knows he just messed up big time. He
knows that was not it. That was not what
you're supposed to do, especially with
no flash. Luckily, I think it's just
going to stall their siege a little bit.
We were kind of in a dead point in the
game anyway because no Baron, no dragon,
no Baron buff alive, but it does allow
DIG to reestablish this large amount of
control. And the question is, can they
go for more, right? Cuz now you're in a
5v4 for 20 seconds. If 100's
overextended, you get more kills. You
never know. This CC chain was really,
really nice though. Charm flash right as
it's about to expire. They get the stun.
They don't let him have a chance to get
into that zonas. I mean, in Quid's
defense, look at his look at his
reaction. in quiz defense. That was a
big jump. Yeah, it was one of those
where the Tia wall, he would think based
on where he put the wall that jumping
off to the right is going to keep him on
one side of the wolves, but because it
would have landed him just past the
middle point of the wall, it bounced him
to the other side of the wall, you know.
Oh, jump further. Yeah, the foam is
fresh, so it just gives him that little
boost. The illegal running shoes that
improve your mile time.
He's got the new LeBron, you know, Lucas
shoes. Yeah. Okay, we're done with this.
All right. Uh, well, 100 Thieves now
still in a significant lead. They are on
soul point 120 until that fight, but of
course the Baron got them a lot less
than they would have hoped after that
pick onto Quid. They still did clear out
all the outers and are feeling pretty
good about their position in this game,
but we'll see if they can get a good
setup on this. DingS are five stacked
here. Look, and the charm does connect
and it's going to be an insta kill onto
Aya. Quinn now in a lot of trouble
again. He's going to get stunned up. Can
he even get the stasis off? He does as
Shaden goes in. Call the pack. River
gets a kill back and now he's going to
be in the crocodile and he's going to be
looking to take over but he's charmed up
as well. These charms are just hitting
and hitting and hitting. Can they get
more? River and Quid on fumes. FPI low
as well. They want to try to chase here.
It's Tommo going forward looking for
more. Can't connect with the mystic
shot. This should earn them the dragon,
but it won't be anything more than that.
A coming up in 16 seconds. There's a
chance we still end up seeing a
contested drake as well, but I I've
cracked the code of how dig finds fights
when sniper on bot wave. Hundred thieves
will act like he's with them. He's not.
So, they just fight. So, Aya's moving up
for vision when they do not have the
people in case there's a 5v5 fight. Dick
has all five people there. They get the
original engage, but then it's just the
hands to keep Hunter Thieves in this
fight. River is able to trade back a
kill. Pushes them back a little bit.
Takes a bunch of damage. Flies out
without dying. Ends up making it a one
for one as they reset. And oh, we're
back to live. Sniper taking some damage
here. They're looking at Baron. They're
saying, "You know what? You're going to
be down on the bot side. We're just
going to start this up. It is spotted
immediately though. Cert has his
teleport available." Kane's on the other
side. He has his teleport and it's going
to be used right now. And we're going to
see just continuing to run. They're
going to try to knock them off with the
Weaver's wall. They're still hitting
this. This is incredibly risky. And
River's now down to half HP. I don't
think they can actually commit to this.
They might lose the fight even if they
get the smite, but they're going to go
for it anyway. And the target is River.
The Baron's incredibly low, but it's not
about the Baron. Quit's in trouble.
Sniper on the side trying to get
something done, but it's going to be
Katie that's being focused. FBI kiting.
FBI killing. FBI taking over. It's a
triple. Can he get more? He's looking
for the quadrant, but Shane Shad's going
to get over the wall with Katie. They
will be able to get out. They will be
able to grab the Baron, but it is a
bloody affair. It cost them three kills.
What an exchange that was. Hundred
Thieves just decide to risk it all on
that Baron fight. And now they're
actually moving down towards the drake
with river still dead. And Shaden with
flash and smite coming up in a few
seconds. Level 17. He's going to try and
pull something off here. Can he? It's a
1v2 though. Yeah, this could be. He has
smite. He's just going to try and steal
it. I mean, if he goes in, they're
trying to bait him in. They really want
the soul, but they have to turn for the
players here now as well. I just don't
really think he's going to find an angle
unless he wants to sacrifice his life
for it. But in the meantime, he's drawn
this pressure and pushing top. He's
going to jump in. The dragon's still too
high, so he's going to have to flash
back out. Can he get back over? Doesn't
quite get in range. Tries to go for it.
Is going to give his life. The soul is
claimed by 100 Thieves. That was some
risky stuff. Kaney does cancel his
recall. Hits the charm, so should be
able to all out to safety here. Does
still have that Baron empowered recall.
Will be okay. I don't even know if it
was really worth risking it for Shaden.
It feels like such a low percentage
play, but I guess he just felt like if
we give soul, we're screwed. So just
tried to force it. This game is crazy.
Oh yeah. I mean, the fact that they just
decide to full flip this, they burn the
wall, it doesn't actually stop them from
approaching and then River is at 60%
health before this fight happens. The
big thing though is no one can really
get on top of FBI here. They peel Kane's
already extremely well over on the left
and FBI ends up freehitting. But because
the Baron was already started and
Dignitas approached from beyond the pit,
the Baron never reset. So Nefi can just
take it on the back end of the fight
which gives you good and bad things.
This is exactly how I was feeling.
No, no, no. Just kidding.
I mean, who needs words when you have
sounds? Yeah. for River. And then to
your point, Shaden at the end trying to
deny the soul. He was really close to
being able to soul. He was maybe I don't
know, like barely out of smite range by
a couple units. I saw it at 600 and the
smite would have been able to take it.
It ends up costing them uh their second
to last baron buff. I think Kane should
still have his Baron buff, but now
without soul, team fights are going to
be even harder. Yeah, it is going to be
pretty tough. And Shaden did spend his
flash as well in that exchange. But a
lot of item completions have come
through. You can see death cap now done
for for Kaney and he is working towards
that void staff and does already have
some of the magic pen bought up. But now
kind of bad news for them is that a lot
of these luxury items are now all
completed. Now sniper has a full zonius
since we last checked in. The jack show
is fully completed for FBI. The seekers
has been upgraded to a zonius for quidd.
So who do you target? You know, it gets
really, really tough. And there's a QSS
now on top for FBI. So, he has cleanse,
he has QSS, he has locket, he has night
spout, he has Jack shows. It is really,
really tough. They have got to have a
perfect CC chain, but we've seen them do
it a few times. We've seen them get
those 100 zero kills, and they're going
to have to depend on that. I mean, how
many CCs do they need to chain? They're
going through cleanse, QSS, and and a
tank vary. I mean, this is where this is
where on hit Fris to me really takes
over the game. He's 184 armor, 125 MR
with nearly 3,000 health without
terminus stacks or Jack show stacks.
Like it's it's really insane, especially
because he's just pumping massive
amounts of damage. When you have those
three on hit items, it's it's Thanos at
this point, especially since Dignitas is
trying to burst. Like in order to kill
him, they almost need to not be in a
team fight. Like it needs to be a pure
pick. We need to be able to hit him for
a lot amount of time. Um but at the same
time, we have competing buffs in this
game. Oticon is on the side of Dignitas.
They have 35 flower stacks. They have
the exploding slow and 15% current
health damage of the Oticon buff. So, we
do have some competing power. And on top
of this, aail like does it really matter
when it's a 4v5? Because every fight is
actually just a 4v5 in this game. Yeah,
you never know, man. Positioning is
definitely going to mean a lot more than
gold in these fights. And you know,
cleanse, QSS, zonas, all these things
can mean a lot, but there is a ton of CC
over on the other side. And uh if they
can connect it with everything, you
never know what could happen. You
believe in yourself. Like it's all just
numbers.
Exactly. 50% chance to win every game,
win or lose. Yep. Every fight as well.
Okay. One thing I'll say is I do like
that the fact that they've they finally
upgraded their boots. I would want I
would have wanted Aya to upgrade his
Merk treads before building the Kindle
Gem just because I feel like the stat
efficiency is higher on that upgrade and
I it is doubtful to me that he's going
to be able to turn that Kindle gem into
a full item. So, I'd rather he just get
the boot upgrade first, but I think that
will come in time if my math is correct.
But it is a Dignitas game, so maybe it's
going 50 minutes and he's going to get
the item completion. It's going to pay
off. Maybe. Did anyone take Gathering
Storm? That would be the real question.
That's that's the next level for
Dignitas. They need to embrace. They're
the hardest possible team to actually
close out and uh none of Dignitas have
gathering storm and Quid has Scorch. So,
no one's bought into the Dignitas meta
yet. It's unfortunate, but after this
game, they might because in terms of
longest games, the three longest games
of the split were Dignitas, Shopify
games. And I I'm trying to remember our
graphics. I'm trying to remember our
graphics from last week, but I think in
2 minutes, this will become one of those
top three or four as well. So, it is is
actually a Dignitas special. It used to
be that matter, you know, now it's long
games. Yeah, exactly. It's not about the
standings. It's about the amount of
minutes of League of Legends you've
played on the LTA stage. And Dignitas
are running the league. They are. It's
about practice. They play the most solo
queue. They spend the most hours and
they spend the most minutes on stage.
Exactly. They're really just It's
optimizing. Yeah. Makes a lot of sense.
Baron has now spawned. We're looking at
Elder in 55 and so it's going to come
down to fights around these objectives.
If it is not a close fight, it is going
to be the end of the game. Um but of
course, close fights can still extend
the game here. These objectives also
just go down so fast this late. And
someone's got to answer Sniper. And the
thing that hasn't been able to do is
they're going to look for it here. Isles
is caught. He's going to get burst down.
I think he flashes but he can't get
anywhere. FBI is dominating. Ky TPS in.
And now that means no one's answering
Sniper. He didn't even have to join. So
they're going to have to run back and
try to stop Sniper. But this means
Hundred Thieves will take the Baron.
That pick on Isles was massive. Yeah.
And Sniper just running for the hills
now as trying to TP. Is he going to be
able to stop him? He didn't have the
Hallow Mist up. He's going to get
charmed and he's likely to get burst
down. A 1k shut down there for Kaney.
Gets something back. Had Sniper popped
the W. If he had it and he wtpd, I think
he would have been okay. I think you're
right. It could have blocked the charm.
But now there's no sniper for the elder
fight. If Dignitas can find their way
in. Oh, but Quid is looking now for
Certi. Cert is very sectioned off for
his team, but is able to stay out of
range. But it's Dignitas who are first
onto the Elder. They're just on it and
they're going to be looking for the
fight here. River's chunk down a little
bit. Certi has a really good flank
angle, but we'll see if they can
actually make it happen. Remember, Kaney
has no ultimate. Neither does Tommo.
This is going to be tough for Kane.
Fishes with a charm, but he's getting
chunked out. Varys steps forward. Is
able to poke off the spell shield there.
And Certi is being zoned off right now
by Aya. The dragon is going to leash,
but Isles is almost here. Now it's a
5v4. A dominance pop by look for the
engage. Flash a stun. Quinn's in
trouble. Can they follow up? In go Shade
into the back line trying to finish him
off, but it's going to be River taking
down Certi and the crocodile is on the
other team. FBI stepping forward. Lethal
Tempo stacks trying to make it happen.
He flashes. He tries to go for the
outplay, but he can't do it. He's taken
down and it's Dignitas again who come
out on top in the fight. They're
clutching it out. They're keeping the
game going. They're back on the Elder.
18,000 health. I don't know if this is
done. Sniper level 18 might fly over the
wall and arrive with River to fight
this. He's going in. He still has the H
miss. He's getting the stacks. He's
going to look with the ulti. Can he
actually chase down Shaden? Kaney
flashes. He tries to look for the charm,
but he can't make it happen. Shaden goes
over the wall. Tommo tries to, but he's
dead as he rides on the other side. The
fights just keep on coming and 100
thieves get the kills, but they're
saying, you know what, Shaden might just
come back. We can't actually start it
up. He's going to base. They will be
able to claim the Elder, but Hun Thieves
were taking no chances after this wild
game. Yeah. So, as we were saying,
Hunter Thieves is really good against
teams below them in the sandics. And
this is just a standard Hundred Thieves
experience. So, Hundred Thieves, this
fight Certi has great position. Probably
burns his flash a little earlier than he
has to, but they still get what they
need to get. They burst Quidd so well as
they finish him off post stopwatch. And
then Shaden, I'd say, sticking around
the back of the fight, finally getting a
little bit of free hit onto FBI seems
like it's going to be enough to win this
fight. But the whole reason this fight
was advantageous in the first place is
because of the pick on Sniper. But then
when he returns, he's still a level 18
full item Gwen. You just have to run.
You cannot stand there and let him snip
you down. So Hunter Thieves get away
with another one. I mean, it looked to
me like Keeny tried to flash into the
mist and get the charm, but it didn't
land. And I don't know if he was just on
the edge of it or like I don't know
exactly what happened. I couldn't quite
see. Um, but it looked like that was the
the call from him is that he tried to go
in that 3v1 situation situation. Try to
flash inside, get the charm, and then
we're just 100 in play. They couldn't
make it happen. These are the longest
games in the LTA. Of course, it is not
updated for this current game, but we
are actively at the second longest game.
We'll see how much longer it is going to
keep going. Remember, Elder has been
claimed by Hundred Thieves and they are
going to have that for a while here and
they are on the push. It's going to be
all up to Dignitas to try to defend.
There's uh not Baron buffs though. So,
it is just going to be possible to wave
clear this out and that's really all
Dignas have to do. The Tio Weaver's wall
is going to get thrown down though and
they are going to be able to step up and
claim this first inhibitor tower.
Meanwhile though, Dignas will clear out
the mid wave. Aya's going to be looking
here. They have to give up one
inhibitor, but if they can hold on to
the second, it's really not that big of
a deal this late in the game. Doesn't
look like they'll be able to do that,
though, as that tower just gets melted
through by Sniper, who has the death cap
complete. And Hunter Thieves are trying
to posture for a potential end of the
game. They're going to run out of
minions very soon. So, Sniper's going
back to grab that min if they just get
another hook though. Well, the hook
connects, but AA flashed out to safety
there. He was worried about a charm
coming back, so he had to actually flash
after landing the hook. Definitely going
to make you a bit nervous there. But
they are now onto the towers and it's
going to be a fight. It has to be
forced. Those towers just cannot stand
up. Kane is getting chugged down
already. That's Oh my god, that Gwen
ulti. But look at the crash down from
everybody. They're all going to have to
pile in from Nickas. Can they win the
fight? Snipers low in the backline.
Kaney looking for the charm. He can't
hit it. And 100 thieves are crushing the
dreams of Dignitas on the steps of the
fountain. It's a double for River. He'll
fall, but Quinn and the rest of the team
have more than enough to get the job
done. The charm is going to be cleansed.
The nexus is going to be taken. It's an
absolute banger. Back and forth bloody
match. 27 kills at the end of the day.
100 take game one. We are blessed. A 47
kill 46-minute game to kick off the day.
That is absolutely incredible. I also
checked it was still decided by Pixels.
The charm you were talking about to save
the elder. Kaney flashed past Sniper,
threw the charm over his head, and then
Sniper's able to one-shot the rest of
their team, which ultimately is the the
final fight that decided it. There were
so many back and forth fights. There
were, if you include the Elder, seven
Drakes taken, multiple Barons. What a
game one. That was crazy. And don't
forget, week six is Spirit Blossom theme
days. We are celebrating the launch of
season 2 all weekend. and t tickets are
still available for Sunday, May 11th.
Enjoy music, festival food, LTA team
activations, free Spirit Blossom, Yasuo,
and Yon skins, and more. Click on that
QR code to join the party. We will see
you there next weekend. But before that,
we're going to head on over to the LTA
lounge to break that one
[Music]
down. 4v5 break them. I Ezreal hit from
here
from three.
[Music]
I'm coming right now. They cannot do it.
They cannot do it. Yeah, just leave.
Just leave. Yeah, it's good. I can kill
them. I'm coming right now. Okay. Sorry,
guys. I almost so lost this again.
Yeah. Yeah, it was
only legends right there. I feel like
League of Legends I feel like we lived
an entire series in one game.
But let's start with some of the crazier
later fights because we had the Baron
potential flip. We had was crazy. So
this is a 4v5 at Elder for the game and
they go straight onto Quidd. He survives
a while with the ZAS. Isles, by the way,
had so many good re engages and almost
had a clutch one here for Dig. But then
we heard the comms. Sniper is already
saying, "I'm coming back. I'm coming
back." And then they're able to fight
them off the Elder. Here's the craziness
of the Baron. That was before that that
even got this to uh got us to that
point. Yeah. I mean, Tommo going down.
Sniper was such a pain to deal with in
these fights. The triple kill for FBI
then followed by the steal from Shaden
because Nefari was just so difficult for
them to get onto. Yeah, the presence of
mind from Shaden on a losing fight to be
like, "Wait a minute.
It's time for the big he he went back in
a little early too and then they lost
the extra person and you're like the
dragon's soul is still up. So even
though they got Baron in that one. Yes.
Then they lost the soul right afterwards
when Shaden tried to go mess around
stealing looking for the steel on the
soul. And this this is just adrenaline
pumping League of Legends from beginning
to end. Emily, I I am still very hyped.
We have more moments to break down.
Let's break down this week's pagod
moment featuring the hundred thieves ace
at 27 minutes. And this initially skewed
the game in their favor before it turned
back cuz it started with what was
Dignitas trying to find a pick on
towards Quidd. Like you see Kaney go for
over the wall try and get a charm like
the rest of Hundred Thieves also follow
through. I think the hook by the way
from Aya to catch out Shaden was really
clutch and Quidd barely survives. It was
the stolen re e that was able to
basically do get the job done. So that
was really fun from Hundred Thieves when
it seemed like it was Dignitas that
should have won that fight. They had the
lead at the time. And that one that was
supposed to be the play that's just
going to win the game for Hundred
Thieves. They're like, "Oh, you know, we
just killed them all." And we were right
in front of Baron. So we get Baron also.
So that's supposed to wrap it up all
nice. Emily, I know. That was the thing
as we were looking at. We were like,
"Oh, okay. Surely Hundred Thieves take
over the game now." No. Uh, since we've
talked a lot about gold graphs, I do
want to see the postgame breakdown
because we already talked about this
like 20 minute 21 minute mark here from
Hunter Thieves. There's a little there's
a little it's not not as crazy as I
thought it was going to be. Actually,
it's cuz we need to zoom in. It's all
about scale. You see this graph scales
up to 7,000 gold at the top of that
mountain. And so, it looks like it's
very pretty small dips cuz it's at the
bottom. I guess that happened. There was
a whole life that was lived inside. It's
like the ocean. I guess that's happens
when you go through a 46minute
game. Like by the way, Dignitas, the
common denominator of the four longest
games so far this split. Uh pretty crazy
to see so far. Yeah. I mean, they could
complete the top five with this next
upcoming game that we're about to see in
the best of three with Hundred Thieves
because right now the have top four of
our longest games. They've also selected
blue side. If you're the coach in that
room with Dignas after this game, what
do you say to them? Rez, I don't even
You just have to focus on the next game,
honestly. Like, you can maybe talk about
one concept and one moment about
remaining calm cuz even Kobe, you were
talking about it. The there was the uh
Herold fight that they were going for
that they ended up stealing that they
could have gone for more. I think
Dignitas in the mid game was playing a
lot more safe than they should have. So,
just basically winging it, going for
fights. They were basically doing it in
the back half of the fight. So hopefully
that carries on to game two. That being
said, let's just go straight into game
two uh after the after the break. Thank
you, Coach Rez. Got you.
Red Bull gives you wings.
Before Dub can even get
there as Impact gets bursting. Don't
feed The beach knocks them down. Get
fed.
Scan the QR code for LTA deals only on
Uber Eats.
Uh, why are we in Indiana? The retreat's
in Nashville, Tennessee. Put Nashville,
Indiana in the GPS. Mr. Shotgun over
here, bro. Okay, okay, okay. Let me just
figure this out. Oh, we're cool. There's
a charging station nearby.
[Music]
Who puts a Nashville in Indiana anyway?
Yeah, plans change, but the Kia EV9 is
great for road trips and so much
more. We are made to rise through the
ring of fire in the dark.
We
[Music]
do. We put our lives on the front line.
Battle to be king. Like a giant, like a
titan. Ready for come back. We're ready
to fight. Fearless of the enemy. We
fight to
survive. We are born to be conquerors.
Rise to the top. Going to be the new
emperor.
I
know. He's now
I don't have anything now.
I'm fine, guys.
Interfer dead. He's good. He's good.
Ren, where
you flash? He has flash. I'm looking
for Nice. I'm going.
I'm looking at guys. I'm going dead.
He's good. He's good. He's good. He's
good. Got this guy. They want to get
fire destiny. Open up the floodgates.
Bearing our souls. Nothing can stop us
now. We're going for gold. This time is
for hero. A new era unfolds. Cutting
through like a thunder. B. We can touch
the sky. We hide and hide. Fighting eye
to eye. We start to fire. We will go to
the moon. We gladiators world
dominators. Yeah. We can touch the sky.
We can make the sky. We are made to rise
through the ring of fire in the darkest
times. We gladiators world dominators.
Yeah. We are soldiers. We are heroes. We
fighters. We
sold.
We dominators.
[Music]
What fuels me? The feeling of winning is
what fuels
me. It always feels nice, I would say,
to win when you're a severe underdog, as
we were in the match up against G2.
Mickey now the one soaking the damage
and FBI blasts them fall after Mickey
blocking it out but FBI cuts them off.
So it felt extra nice after we won and
obviously we're really excited all of us
to be able to go play in the quarters.
The loyal, the unwavering, the
faithful bye-bye.
What fueled you?
I have seen a lot of footage, a lot of
quotes, a lot of behind the scenes
stuff. I've never seen the bye-bye.
Yeah, that's that's an amazing. I feel
like I've never actually seen that
before and I I have watched that
game quite a few times. I mean, what
fuels you what fuels me are 47 kill 46
minute LTA games. Yeah, they got to be
able to one up it now. It just my
adrenaline is through the roof, man. go
for a 60 kill 50-minute game. I will say
that sniper in the end coms there saying
like I'm sorry guys, I almost solo
through the game. I'm not sure like the
the discoordination of the team cuz it
it felt like Hunter Thieves every time
they'd have an advantage, Sniper would
be in a what I would consider a good
split push situation where he's
completely unmatched. They're going to
have to respond to him in like 10
seconds. There are no immediate
objectives and then Hund Thieves would
like start a fight and Snipe would TP
in. And if he's taking that of like, oh
man, I need to be there for my team. I
would think that that would be the wrong
takeaway. So that's just you can tell
they're working on that and it's not
quite polished yet. It is interesting
and and you know, obviously they all
responded immediately and said, "No, no,
no. That wasn't just your fault. We all
messed up." And I am assuming that it
was that moment where Quidd got caught
and he kind of tied in the middle of
team and insta died. I'm guessing that's
what he's referring to. And I agree with
you. Quid should not have got caught. He
was in a good split push position. But
also the other side of it is once Quid
makes that mistake, you shouldn't TP.
Correct. You should just keep pushing in
side lane. If if your teammate makes the
wrong play, sometimes you just got to
take the L and accept that. It doesn't
mean you need to try to bail them out
and make it even worse cuz then they all
died. I do think though, as we're into
draft now, I'm just going to finish this
point off. Uh Sniper has always been the
team fighter. Part of it, I think, is
because originally he didn't really know
when he should be on a sidewave or how
to track the enemy. So, he just group
and fight. In every late game, he's
almost always down on CS to his opponent
because the team overgroups and fights,
which has been their advantage. So, it's
a difficult It's a very difficult
transition for both player and team when
they're trying to be a more traditional
get a lot of gold on your top laner
player. Interesting bands here. It is
going to be the York and the Rumble
getting banned out. The orc has been
used obviously a number of times now
mostly as a counter to the Jace we saw
it come out against the Rumble as well
and it's going to be the Yona getting
locked in though as that was left open
here and paired up with this at 20
incredibly strong duo we're assuming
that's going to quit he's a monster on
these melee champions and yes gets a
pretty strong top laner that's not too
easy to counter pick but that mid jungle
duo from Hunter Thieves is looking scary
agreed it's a bit of a takeaway from
sniper as well he had some really good
chase games last weak, but I agree with
you. Suani Yon is uh prime. It's prime
river quid territory in terms of their
ability to coordinate with each other.
We'll see what sniper will end up
picking against the Jace. Technically,
the Jace could be flexed. So, Sniper has
to be a little bit careful with what
counter pick he has. And the Lilio will
pair pretty well with the Jace whether
it goes mid or top. Yep. And it is going
to be the Kalista coming through which
is interesting. we have been seeing it
get banned out a fair bit on this patch,
but it did get some pretty significant
nerfs. Uh the base AD went down. Uh the
base health went down. The AD growth did
go up. So, they're kind of trying to
take it from being such an early game
bully and make it scale more. The base
ren damage also did go down. So, it's
not supposed to be as dominant in the
2v2. And to be honest, teams were
already handling in the 2v2 pretty darn
well. They were the Camille into the
Jace is a very aggressive choice. It is.
I think with the Sedge one pairing, I
kind of like it because it gives you
really good gank options. Jason in the
isolated 1 v one definitely should be
winning out in the early stages, but if
you get a good gank or two off and
Camille gets ahead at all, all of a
sudden you're just getting all in on
repeat and every time the ultimatum is
up, in comes the ulti. You're going to
get jumped on. You can see that 100
Thieves though is having the same
concern that you were. They're saying,
"You know what? Jay could go mid. We
need to still ban some of the top lane
counters. So, we're going to ban out the
Jax, which is a great match up into the
Camille. If they want to flex it, I'm
just preaching Shen because Shen is also
quite good into Camille. It can be a
good matchup. Can actually answer in
those side lanes. Um, but we'll see if
they're going to be just worried about
that Jax or if they're really thinking,
you know what, this actually could be
mid lane Jace and we're going to double
pan to make sure. I mean, I think it
also just depends on how much they want
to play around Jace because if they're
able to find a way to isolate that Jace
a little bit. They could they could just
have Certi try and hand check Sniper
Camille up top, but also knowing that
they already have Lilia who wants to
power farm, it makes the choice. I mean,
I feel like it puts Dignitas in like a
really tough spot with the rest of their
drafts. Lilia does not want to be
fighting 2v2 top with no setup. Yeah, I
just it's like very aggressive drafting
what Hunter Fuse just did there. It's
like we're going to take this match up
that is going to make the game all about
top lane, but I know your jungler
doesn't want to go top. It wants to
farm. And I mean, that's kind of their
style, right? They they are going to
fight you. They're going to check you. I
do think the Ronaldo ban was fantastic.
I also really like Zigs bot here. Just
take a to
comp a mage down bot that is just going
to make this lane not about fighting.
You are just going to fight the wave and
Kalista is going to be really struggling
to get any pressure down there. You also
have great side lanes 1 131 later on. So
Ziggs can then move mid later, you know,
hold the waves while Yona and Camille
are doing stuff in the side lanes and
fighting with this S20. So I think it's
really clever. Um I love the Renatada
band. Obviously it's a classic pairing
with the Kalista and you're playing full
dive when you've already shown that top
three. So that is going to shut that
down. It is going to be instead one of
the more old school pairings which is
the aggressive melee with the Kalista.
But we'll see if they can kind of force
any of that action because last pick is
still available for Aya. So again, he
can just take one of those denial picks
over on the other side. They have tons
of engage, just anything to stop
potential engage from that side. And it
is in fact going to be a flex, but
Ambessa could still be mid. They could
be flexing these back and forth. I I do
think though that it's a bit of a missed
opportunity from Dignitas when they look
back at this draft. Uh seeing what they
banned on the 45 with the Lucian Eco
going like, "Ah crap, we should have
thought of Zigs." cuz this uh Sichuani
plus double ad AD melees plus a Zigs bot
is almost like a blind pick comp. It's
like they those champions just fit
together so perfectly well because it
allows the Suani to play top side with
her incredibly potent melee damage
dealers, but then it also gives them
team fight damage spread because of the
magic damage from Zig's bottom lane.
Like you you would blind pick this if
you had a blind pick choice. So not
having that ban snuck in there like
Lucian wouldn't have been good in that
comp. It would have been too much AD. So
uh I I do think that Hunter Thieves is
going to be really happy with what they
put together. Yeah, absolutely. I mean
FBI hasn't played the Zigs yet this
split, but we do know he can play it
from previous splits and stuff. Um but
it's also, you know, like the Nico ban I
think was good cuz when you think about
what the classic answers have been you
in the LTA, it's often been long range
ADC plus, you know, some sort of poke
support. So if it was like Nico Ash or
something that could have been really
tough for them to deal with as well. But
I do think Hunter Thieves coming out
very happy from this draft. And at the
end of the day it is going to be the
Ambessa moved up towards the top. We are
going to have the Jace moved mid lane.
So there is some swapping going on
there. They don't want that Jace
necessarily exposed in the side lane
against a potential gank there from the
Seduani. And we'll see how Ambessa can
handle things against the
Camille. Nonsubscribers. We will see you
in 30 seconds as we head on into game.
And I think what I'm going to be looking
for in this top lane match up is
actually only the first four minutes
because Hunter Thieves is going to be
swapping the crap out of Datas when they
have the opportunity. They had been
Certi has struggled so much with keeping
up with waves that every team is going
to be doing this against them until they
can show that he doesn't fall behind in
these early laning phases. So, I'm
expecting River to do some cheeky early
path. uh try and get Sniper in a good
position and then once the bot lane's
mobile, they're going to be moving Zigs
up as quickly as possible. Yeah, we'll
see how much they want to do the swaps
around if they're going to be playing
for grubs. Definitely if you're planning
on playing 1 131 and Ziggs is a great
siege champion as well. The Grubs could
be pretty high priority for 100 Thieves
is going to be double grasp up in that
top lane. Mid lane, Quid is going to be
playing Fleet. Obviously makes sense to
just kind of survive against the Jace
who will be taking phase rush. So all
the rune choices pretty standard, make a
lot of sense. Yeah. And I'd say these
River games uh with how tricky he wants
to be in early jungle start as soon as
these players leave the base. In the
last game, River got a good ward in to
the enemy raptors. This game, they
pushed him back before he could get a
deep ward, so he ends up placing that
defensive ward, but it still ended up
being a good defensive ward because they
now know exactly where Dig's ward is.
So, just a little bit of knowledge trade
back and forth. This does mean that
River will not know where Shaden
started. And if River goes over those
raptors, then Shaden will know where
River started. Yep, absolutely. And he
will, you know, very likely after the
red buff. Of course, we can see Shaden
is actually going to look for blue and
he pull blue into enemy raptors, but
he's just cutting it back and forth.
Never mind. But it was looking like he
was really trying to actually pull up
towards that side. Instead, he's just
going to be able to group up those camps
and try to get some damage down
together. Tommo has already taken a ton
of damage by the way as Alo got a little
bit down with the Senith Blade and FBI
has just been hitting him with these
bombs. That's like three in a row that
he did actually tag him with. Tommo is
already using his potion and he's still
incredibly low and has to pop a biscuit.
It's really funny. Uh Alistar Kalista is
always a funny pairing because at level
one they're weak, but later on they're
stronger. So, they're doing everything
they can at level one. Yeah, FBI trying
to get level two really fast there. They
mist timed their engage slightly. Aloa
went forward and FBI was trying to
finish off the minion but couldn't quite
finish it off as he went in with the
Stennis Blade. If he actually got two
right there, they likely would have been
able to force the cleanse and then you
have the ignite following it up, but
they did at least get the ignite out of
Isles who was trying to push back FBI.
Didn't want them to be able to follow up
on that play. Yeah, interesting. Aa
starting with sweeper as well, whereas
Isles starts with the trinket ward. So
Aya winning that one out early, being
able to clear that ward away. They're
going to have to be a little bit scared
of a gank at about 3 minutes and 15
seconds cuz that's when Shaden will have
finished his full clear. very unlikely
that Lilia ganks you before level four,
which is why they're so comfortable
being pushed up at this stage as they
move to the tri brush to get a ward
down. Yep, absolutely. And you know,
often the safest thing you can do is
actually just hard shove the wave and
bounce it before that jungle timing
comes because now the wave is going to
stack and come back towards you if you
are worried. Isles though goes in with a
combo onto FBI just for a little trade
there. You can see Quidd sustaining
pretty well with the fleet just trying
to do his best to minimize damage. jump
on the top side. It's just Sniper and
Zerty trading back and forth. But thus
far, it looks like Sniper is getting the
better end of it. Yep, Sniper. If you're
willing to pick Camille into a possible
flex pick, you're going to be really
confident in your ability to play
Camille. Shaden full cleared. River full
cleared. And likely the Sichuani just
ends up trading crabs. And he's going to
be happy with this because this allows
him to maybe have first look at top, but
Shaden might be moving through for a
double crab angle. No, just going back.
Yeah, Quid could actually potentially
stop him on the recall if he wants to
use a soul inbound to do it and probably
will try to do that. Alex not to though.
Instead going to go for a nice little
trade here on Kaney and yeah, not going
to risk going for that double crab as
Ala's going to go in onto Tommo. Tommo
does use a cleanse, but he's going to
get ignited after and he gets saddled
back in. Beautiful placement by FBI. One
more auto is going to finish him off.
The flash out trying to get to safety,
but is he in the pit? He's going to get
taken down. That's first blood for FBI.
Well played in the 2v2 to them. Isles
gets one back, but not going to be
anywhere close to worth it. And it burns
cleans flash from the Kalista, making
him more vulnerable in the future. Very
well played by the Hundred Thieves duo
lane early on there. I I understand what
Tomo was thinking that he could maybe
flash and juke around, but ends up he
was dead to rights anyway. Definitely
should have saved his flash. Yeah, that
is really tough. And uh when you look
mid lane, you realize that actually
forced the earlier reset from Ky in this
melee versus range match up. That is
also tough. But in comes maybe going to
look for the solo kill. Just gets it.
Quid
disrespectful sees the teleport coming
in. Just says, "You know what? I can
probably clear the wave and then back
off instead. He was in a great spot and
gives over a freebie." I I just saw his
reaction on the cam afterwards. He uh
that was definitely a little bit of
disrespect. Yeah, a lot of bit of
disrespect as we can watch this 2v2
happen again. Okay, so Isles actually is
the one to begin this fight, but very
nice E by Aya there as the Alistister
engages and then FBI just makes sure
he's weaving his auto attacks in. Landed
all of his spells and they end up just
having more damage. They were hoping to
get the first blood at the end, but it
wouldn't have mattered since they are
trading Kalista for the support anyway.
And then watching this, this is just
silly. He wants the cannon. Like he he
literally killed himself for a canon.
Yeah, I mean
technically it's only like 220 gold down
on the trade. Could have been worse. Oh,
swinging a miss on the ulti there. Oh,
maybe got the flash. We didn't quite see
that. Looks like so did probably force
the flash there from Kaney as Quit does
at least get his Berserker Greaves base
off and River walks through mid. So
they're able to force the flash. We'll
see if they can find any pressure down
here on bot lane as Shaden is hanging
around. But a lot of credit deserved by
FBI and Aya have been one of those those
kind of real big upgrades that people
have been talking about. 400 Thieves,
you know, a place of power for them did
really give them that additional carry
threat and being able to pick into this
Kalista and kill it in the 2v2 was uh
definitely nicely done and does not bode
well for the Kalista or the Kalista's
win rate. No, I mean three and four so
far in the LTA across the big four it's
around 50%. Even though it feels I know
we've been having this discussion as
Kalista doesn't seem to do much in a lot
of these games but if you're winning
half the time can't be that bad
especially when you're picking it early.
What's what's the winner at now? I know
you're checking it. Uh the search was
not loading. He's going to come back to
it. I'm going to keep I'm going to keep
casting. We see the swap here at 6
minutes as we were expecting in this
game as Sniper has moved bot lane and
the Zigs has moved up to the top lane
just to start throwing Certi into some
uncomfortable situations. Cert was
winning the 1 v one against Sniper
Camille. I think mainly because River
was just matching Shaden's full clear
farm and not going for any early ganks.
Understand that when you're against
Lilia because if Lilia starts counter
junking your camps, you can get into a
really vicious cycle where Lilia flies
ahead of you and so far River has
stopped that from happening. Yeah, three
and four as you said in LTA North and
then globally it's about 48% in top four
regions. It is about 51% slightly over
51%. So top four are doing pretty well.
I just got to say it just doesn't look
that strong. The eye test isn't there.
the eye test is definitely not there
until you watch some of the really crazy
Kalista players. You watch like pays or
whoever and they're like, "Okay, this
champion's OP." Um, but we do see a bit
of damage going down there on Dials. He
doesn't have the alulti, so FBI just
going to throw his down. Get some damage
down. Shaden, meanwhile, is invading on
the red. Is actually down experience
right now to River, which is somewhat
surprising though. Sichuani does have a
pretty good early clear and Shadens will
continue to accelerate throughout the
game. Yeah, FBI kind of weak side gaming
here even though we have the Sichuani
matching in the river
and river now moving up here maybe going
to try to play for a little bit of a
vision as uh the grubs are about to
spawn. Both teams have made their swaps
up towards top again. Both teams would
love this. Aya just short on the zenith
blade there. That could have been
trouble for Isisles as he still is not
level six and river would have been
there to follow up with his glacial
prison down on the bottom side. There is
no TP for the top laners. So they are
not going to be joining and um sniper
just continuing to trade. Go in with the
hook shot. As soon as the passive
expiring, you back it up. That passive
shield really difficult to play around.
But now that is six. I think DI is going
to have a lot more confidence to try to
actually force here. They're calling Ky
and they are looking to try to play for
this 44 if they fight. But Quid is the
team. Yeah, I just don't think they they
feel like they have a good positioning.
So all three grubs and I'm going to
steal your line from yesterday. The
three grubs aren't as strong as the six
grubs from last patch, but they're
stronger than three. That's true. Those
are factually correct statements. I
think that's all the patch notes said
about it is pretty much it. It's all you
need to know. I mean, you get one void
might from getting three. So, it's like
getting the first pack of grubs is just
objectively way better than it was
before. Um, yeah, you can't have that
opportunity to get six, but let's be
honest, you don't usually get six unless
you're kind of stomping the game anyway.
Uh, someone can steal one away. So, I
feel like grubs are really high priority
to me now.
being able to get one and especially
when you get a void for the laning phase
like you get a void
online that's really nice if you have
winning lanes. Yeah. Which they do not.
Yep. But they got the grubs so at least
they're not letting the opponent have
the grubs. Exactly. Yeah. Uh and to be
fair, is getting some push. You can see
that is has moved down towards that
bottom side. They are kind of hunting
sniper right now. uh who will be pushed
out, but River just farming well,
keeping up pretty much uh almost
entirely with Shaden and has been doing
a good job there. Quit obviously with
the one oopsie in mid lane gave over for
a freebie, but he as well is working in
towards that blade. The rune king FBI
could be in a lot of trouble here
potentially though. The satchel charge
is going to create some space. So, it is
just a big chunk. But now he's got to be
careful about anyone else coming up
there. And we see Isles on the mini map.
FBI of course does not have that luxury,
but he could just come in from behind.
just wants to level six. We'll see. Can
FBI actually flash the combo? He's going
to try to look for it. He just realized,
you know what, not even worth flashing.
I am just dead. You could see that is
just walked behind him, popped the ulti,
and held his spells. So, if he flashed,
he would just die right after. They're
going to look though. Tokyo drift. In
comes River and Aya 3v1 mid lane is
going to get one back. And it's a shut
down there for Quidd. Wow. Team Gap.
Couple of really nice ganks there
actually. Well executed by both teams.
Isles with the walk at you strategy.
Alistster can actually tank. It's the
best strategy. If he tries to W, maybe
there's an escape. But then in the mid
lane there, Kaney looked like a fraction
of a second left on his flash by the
time that came through. Um, yeah, his
flash was up for like two more seconds
when they can chain all the CC on him.
So, no retort. The bigger thing for me
though is after that last game when you
lose a 46 minute 47 kill game, we've
talked about how most teams have a
harder time recovering from those losses
than a losing 10 kills to zero 25
minutes. They're so draining and then
you're saying, man, and now we need to
win two. We couldn't even win that one
after we spent so much energy. But
Tinder Tas has started this game really
well. Yeah, they absolutely have. It
doesn't look like there's a hangover
from that last game. There's not some
tilt. They haven't been forcing plays.
Ky had that nice solo kill early. Um,
even though they gave up the first
blood, it was a close one. Did he have
that solo kill or did Quid? I mean, you
can ask that about a lot. A solo kill on
himself. H, I would argue he did.
Quidd solo killed Quidd. If you check
the stats, it will be credited to Kanan
or the Canon. Did the cannon solo kill?
We need to have a canon solo kill
tracker. I would say the cannon is more
deserving in this case. I would agree.
Uh and uh Certie now is maintaining that
push on the bottom side. So he has taken
down one uh working away on that second
play as well. Has gotten a couple little
bits of void might damage in there. So
the grubs putting in some work and has
his shoin completed, but sniper likewise
has that triforce done. River going to
be spotted here. They may not know that
Cert is collapsing, but both teams
playing it pretty slow. It's a much more
reserved game two after a very frenetic
game one. And I think for now, DIG is
happy with this slow pace because
they're winning all the lanes. They're
just slowly accumulating advantages
across the board. Lilia wants to get to
Leandre because currently River is on
Heart Steel. So the power spike would be
in the side of
Souani. It's nice if they can keep a bit
of a controlled game cuz if these if
these fights get too spread out and
there's too many flank angles like
that's when the Camille Suani Yon really
pile on cuz they can attack from any
angle. But if Dig can hold these these
these waves, keep them pushing, have
good setup, that's what they want. And
River might have found an angle here.
This is sneaky. This is reminding me of
Hui from yesterday who was very deep on
some of these flanks. Tommo is going to
place a ward in their own jungle cuz
they don't have eyes on him so they know
he could be around. The teleport's going
to come in. But River is here as well.
He's going to go straight into the pit
against Cy, but can they actually
collapse in onto Quid? Quid could be in
some trouble there with his exalt in the
backline. And Soul Unbound goes over the
wall, but Quid is going to have to snap
back and Quid is going to get taken
down. Sniper trying to go in and does
get a kill back onto Tommo. Flashes over
the wall back to his team. So, it's a
one for one and they should be able to
grab the dragon. Honestly, good job by
Sniper being able to kind of bail his
team out after Quid TP into a very
dangerous spot and got punished. Yeah,
Quid is having a bit of a game so far,
but I I understand why Quidd would
teleport there because River is behind
them and it's like we're going to bait
them onto the on and then the Souani is
actually going to be there and it'll
surprise him, right guys? But with
Isisle zoning out FBI and Aya for so
long and river going over the back of
the pit. Weirdly enough, no.
Surprisingly, yes.
You wouldn't believe it. Uh and as you
as you said, Sniper getting the lock
down on Automo and then having a really
nice flash over the wall to not let
anyone follow up makes it a win trade.
Quidd has had some head scratchers today
in the in this series, I will say. I
mean, you know, even just the reaction
there from uh from Golden, he's like
he's like, "What was that? Okay, not
bad. Not bad." Uh, I mean, Quidd even
did the thing which is kind of like the
panic Yona play where you get jumped on
and you're like, "Oh crap, soul
unbound." Uh, you know, and then he like
you eat over the wall into the pit and
then flashed and then it's like, "Oh,
you're going to snap back into them
though." You know what I mean? Like it's
going to be one of these situations
where you would have to flash over the
wall instantly to try to get out of
there and then solo bound back over the
wall if you wanted to go aggressive,
right? Instead of kind of the inverse
where he went back over the wall with
soulbound, then he aled back in, then he
tried to flash out. It just didn't end
up working. But it was one of those
panic moments and not a good TP from
him. Um but still, you know, the gold is
pretty close and Hundred Thieves do have
two dragons to their name. The feed of
warfare has been claimed by DIG. Um but
it is two objectives to the one for 100
Thieves. So they are one away from that
and first tower still on the board for
both teams. Yeah, it's a very close game
and I like that you point out Quid this
game. You can even think back to last
game. We had a few head scratchers as
well with this Tia and I think it's just
a good reminder as a sports fan. Uh
there are good games and bad games and
good days and bad days and it doesn't
always define you as a player because
Quit is an MVP level player who appears
to be having a bad day but it doesn't
mean he can't get hot later. Hit a bunch
of threes in the fourth quarter. There
you go. Big Yona ultimates. What we do
know is he's currently like two for 12
from the field. Yeah. Uh you know you
miss all the shots you don't take. So,
we'll put it like that. He's been
throwing some up. Uh, but Dignitas
definitely looking good so far in this
game. Competitive in game one and um are
out to a pretty nice little early
advantage here. They are pushing out
through mid lane, but the scaling
definitely on the Hunter Thieves side is
scary in the side lanes. Really, really
terrifying. Zigs scales incredibly well
and can also help to assist those
sidelines as Kane get a face check river
here and it's going to take some damage
for his trouble. Zigs is going to get in
range for an ulti here. So, we'll see if
they can at least force the flash. Not
going to let it rip. He does spot him
with the blue orb, but realizes, you
know what? He's too far away now. Isles
may have to pay him a bit of a price
here, but it's going to be sniper now on
that tier one bot. So, even though they
don't actually kill him, it's going to
cost him a tower. Very likely. Very
worth it there for 100 Thieves. A Rift
Herald fight would have been difficult.
Oh, going to have to try to flash. He
does have the cleanse available, but
he's not going to be able to do anything
with that. The two-man sleep does come
through. The astral charge build some
space but in flash's aisles to try to
take down FBI. FBI has flash of zone
though and does get out. Alen now using
the Zenith Blade to taxi to the Allistar
to get back to safety as well. Digitas
get nothing there and all the while
Sniper is pushing bot. Cert is pushing
top, but the race for first tower is
going to be won by Hundred Thieves. So
one objective away from getting the feet
upgrade. But this is the type of game
state that Hundred Thieves wants with
this team composition. spread out as
possible, play wide, find engages
whenever you can, and get the gold onto
your split pushers. So, as much as Yona
and Camille haven't seemed like they've
been dominating the game, they both have
slight gold leads over their opponents,
they also managed to burn summoner
spells in that last fight on the dig
carries, which is the first step to get
the summoner spells is often the hardest
one because once they're down, your next
engages can really pile on. So 100
Thieves really happy with that sequence
of play. Yeah, they're going to be
feeling really good about it. Ky now
could be in some trouble again. Yeah, no
flash and Soul Unbound is there. He's
knocking him down low. The snapback's
going to kill him. Aya comes in. Does
cost him his summoners, but going to be
happy about that kill. Shaden now
fishing with the bowling ball. Doesn't
actually connect on him, but it's going
to be Certy connecting with the public
execution. And River is going to be
going down. Certa first kill of the
game. Pretty nice counterattack there
from DIG. The first play, it's exactly
what we're talking about though. Kane
looked at Yona and because Leona was
near the same screen, he was able to all
in knowing that that flash was down. But
River, I feel like ends up getting
caught out. He was also without his
flash. You can see that tiny little bit
of black before it has come off cool
down. So River will have his flash for
the net fight, but that trades it one
for one and keeps the game pretty close.
Yep, very, very close game. It is now
only a 300 gold lead here. It is going
to be Hexte Soul though on the table.
Hunter Thieves had the opportunity to
grab their third dragon and move to soul
point here as that has just spawned.
Dingos though out on the map trying to
clear out vision in their own jungle and
prepare for a potential fight. Both top
laners are on the top side, but
teleports are available and Hunter
Thieves are moving in. Pretty swingy
drake here because this will also decide
who wins feats of strength for the
ability to upgrade their boots since we
know DIG won the Feed of Warfare and
Hunter Thieves got first turret. So,
both top laners having TP. We'll see who
ends up pulling the trigger first
because generally speaking that is the
team that wins the fights. Well, Quid
does go in. Doesn't take too much
damage. Is able to get a little bit down
on the Isisles. You can see that the
Herald was summoned mid. Won't be able
to kill off the tower, but is drawing
the attention of FBI and Aya. And that's
supposed to give Dig some time to get
some vision down, but really didn't
accomplish too much. And now Hunter
Thieves are going to be the first one to
actually pull the trigger. They're
starting up the dragon. This is
interesting. I thought Hunter Thieves
would push bot first, but they're
teleporting in early and just going all
in on the Drake. And now they have a
flank from Camille. Oh, Cert's just
teleporting straight into the pit. Can
they actually find him? Isles is going
to hex. They're going to be a flip here.
It's going to be claimed by River, but
how will the fight go? Sniper in the
backline. He finds Tommo. Tommo's in a
world of hurt. Aa falls down first, but
can they actually get out? Tommo still
standing. Tommo surviving. Going to get
finished off by River. As Sniper flashes
out to safety. Quinn has got to get back
in there. MPI pelting him with bomb
after bomb after bomb. But Kaney, Shaden
charging forward, looking for more. The
public execution is going to take down
one. Surely Quinn and Hund Thieves are
on the run, but they can't get out.
Sniper trying to get out here is
incredibly low. He's going to get
finished off as well, but not before FBI
kills off the Allistar on the other
side. A bloody affair. Dingos win the
fight, but lose the dragon. This one was
reminiscent of last game. It's another
banger. Let's look at the teleports to
start this fight. Hundred Thieves is
trying to draw Dig in, but because Serti
just goes straight in the pit, he ends
up being in the fight first. So, it
looks like even though the smite fight
decides who wins by getting the soul,
the fight goes over to Dig. And I think
mainly it's cuz Tommo lasted so long.
Quit couldn't find his way into the
fight for the longest time. Once they
actually do kill him and Quinn flies in,
Dig has the next set of cool downs. So,
Isles can just peel him off right away
and Cert tries to chase for as many
kills as possible. This is just the
Ambessa experience. You're running away
from a fight. No, you are not. And Bessa
is dashing and dashing and dashing and
Lilia has all of that move speed stacked
up. So no real way out. Hunter Thieves,
try as they might, couldn't get away.
It's back to a 2k gold lead just like
that. It was down to 200 last time we
checked in. Hunter Thieves are on soul
point. So Dignas are going to have to
try to make a stop. Really awesome game
so far. When the team with more DS is a
little bit weaker in fights, I always
feel like it creates such a nice tension
in the game because the soul will
probably push them over the edge to win
the game. But it's also possible that if
DIG just holds on well enough, they can
take him down. And I think the way to do
that is just continue to play around
Shaden. I think this game, we haven't
mentioned it much, but he's been farming
very efficiently. He's been first to a
lot of the objectives, and he's against
so many melee dive characters. If he's
able to not be the one that gets one
shot and just have a long fight, he will
carry that fight. He's doing so much
damage here. Yeah, I mean Lilia versus
four melees is that kind of dream
situation. It is absolutely a dream
situation. But now the CC going to be
chaining down onto Kaney. That's more of
a nightmare as he gets put to sleep by
Aya and Quidd. Meanwhile, Certi getting
a bit of damage down onto River, but FBI
is here and Aya is back to support. So,
it's not going to be anything more than
just the skirmish. It's the second time
Kaney has died to a similar play like
that as they keep jostling. It's when
River is shown on the map. So Kaney
probably thinks that he's not getting
ganked, but it's actually the second
jungler, the support that's gotten him.
That's the second time that's happened
to him. Happened first in bot lane,
happened again in top lane here where
Aya is the one shadowing Quid. And you
can see despite Quid having a couple
oopsies this game, he's very far up in
gold and he is going to be pushing in
this top lane. You know, the TP is
available for Ky. So we'll see if he
wants to teleport up to defend the tier
one or if he's just going to let that
go. Uh, Quid not feeling confident to
push, knowing that they could have reset
and come up there. So, he's just going
to take his win, go back to base, spend
up his gold, but he already had the
Stridebreaker plus the Bork. He's going
to be working towards an IIE very likely
next, and it's going to be incredibly
strong when he finishes it. Miss 100% of
the shots he don't take. He was 2 for
12. Now, I feel like he's like he's
heating up. 8 for 19, 8 for 20. He's
getting there. Oh, look at River. He is
just in sneaky spots again and again,
but the public execution over the wall
is going to connect onto Sniper. And the
teleport's coming in. There's the
lilting ly. Sniper is going to be dead
to right. River has got to run. The
backup came in for Dignitas. It's the
Goon Squad. They're going to take down
River. They're going to grab a double
for Cert. And it leads right to the
Oticon. And Shaden speaks here. He says
they're still in the series. This was
them just finding the play. He is still
so strong right now. Even if they didn't
have everyone collapsing, I still feel
like they win that little skirmish. But
the Oticon is going to give them that
big boost of combat power. We'll see if
FBI can get the gold a little bit closer
by taking the turret while this goes
down. Yeah, they do get two towers. They
take down the tier one top tier one mid.
So, that is something for them. But
still, Dignitas really big win because
yes, the gold stays about the same off
of that play, but they're getting all of
the extra stats from the Oticon, getting
all of the flowers, getting the proc on
takedowns. So, we're heading towards
another potential long game. I mean, it
is three dragons for Hunter Thieves. If
they claim soul here, then you don't
really care about the advantages that
Dignas have. But Dignas are in the
winning position right now. Like they
should be the ones who win the fights,
take the dragons, extend the game, and
then we could be in for another really
long one. They should be able to defend
this drake. But this is where Hunter
Thieves is just going to look maybe for
a fast play. If they can get anything
while Dig is setting up, it would be
huge. Unable to do that at the moment,
though. Cyber's going to try and prep
that bot wave and then probably look for
a flank as this drake gets started. And
it's also worth noting Certi very
aggressive with his build when ghost
blade second has more lethality in the
bag. So if he can get on some of these
squishy carries he will be able to 100
to zero them but at the same time you
get CCD up you are going to die in a
hurry as well. 100 Thieves do have this
fourman squad over here and sniper still
on the side as you touched on. Quidd
playing through mid lane. They're trying
to land the poke with Zigs. Shy is
really fed so he's able to get tagged.
They're going to flash in on him. He's
going to get hit here by Isles, but
there's no followup whatsoever. And Al's
in the backline on Jaden's going to be
taken down as Quid and Sniper flying in,
but it's going to be River now trying to
turn around here onto Certi. The bombs
are missing. It's Sniper in trouble.
Sniper trying to survive, but he's going
to get taken down by Certy. He goes
unstoppable. Quit trying to make it
happen, but they don't have the juice.
The public execution over the wall takes
out FBI. Cert is going crazy on the
Empessa. These fights are so sick.
They're just absolutely handchecking
each other.
Certi having an amazing game. Hundred
Thieves correctly identified that Shaden
was the one carrying these fights. So
they lock him down first rather than
trying to go for Tommo's Kalista. But
that takes long enough that Dig can
still take the fight at the back end.
Dragon stands by the way. So they're
going to be coming back for another one.
Watching the beginning of this fight. It
is Dig who trigger pulls first trying to
one-shot FBI. I'd say this is ultimate
to peel
Shadenuge. Huge. It means they can't
finish FBI. FPI can still get all his
cool downs out. But even after that,
because Certi is having such a big game,
compare this game to his Renekton game.
Insane glow up. They're still able to
win the fight on the back end. Yeah, it
just feels like they're they're
struggling to have enough consistent
damage on the Hunter Thieves side,
right? You have these bombs getting
thrown over the wall, but if you're not
hitting everything, it is really tough.
And you have a Kalista that's just
pummeling you time and time again. But
now Hundred Thieves, they're just going
to pull the trigger here onto the Baron.
It does get spotted by the blue orb.
They have got to get back to live cuz
they were expecting that Dignitas would
go over to the dragon and this could
just be dead. Alisa stuns up Shade and
he's peeled off. They're going to be
able to get a heist here. They throw the
glacial prison. It doesn't connect. They
do claim the baron. But can Dignitas get
the fight? Quid tries to go over the
wall, but he's going to get knocked back
and River has got to run. He's
incredibly low, but he's going to be put
to sleep. And this might be the last
sleep for him. The Zigs ulti comes
through. Tags up multiple members. Squid
als over the wall. It is the Baron for
just one. A big win for Hundred Thieves.
Nice little sneak of gold right there.
Subverting expectations rather than
running it back for Soul. It's a nice
call to just start the Baron. DIG was
doing a slow approach towards Drake
because they were worried about a snap
engage and it means they're just a
little bit late to that Baron fight. It
got really close though. I saw either it
was the smite or the shock blast took
that Baron to sub 100 health. So, it
would have been an absolute disaster if
they didn't secure that. But now that
the hexrike drake goes over and the
Baron is secured for 100 Thieves, the
game is continuing to stay incredibly
close. Yeah, Cert looked like he had a
pretty big reaction when that baron went
down. Looked pretty visibly frustrated
to me on the cam, but maybe it was just
super locked in. Maybe I'm I'm reading
into it too much, but he's been having a
good game. 6 and six. And here is this
Baron take again. Man, you can see how
close that was. It's Camille who ends up
getting the last hit on it. But as this
fight starts, I think because Hunter
Thieves was just turning burning the
Baron, they're never really
realistically going to win this fight.
Uh, nice slow play there by Dig to not
completely overcommit, poke him down
enough with Lilia, get the sleep, get
the kill to execute him, and then move
to get the trade back to live and down
again. Ky's just gone. Aya has been
really active on the map here, moving
around well. Did a great job peeling
Shaden off that Baron and then again
finding Kaney. I feel like he has been
involved in almost every single Kaney
death this game. And now with the Baron,
they are pushing up. I mean, Dig's got
to defend. Sty was trying to push in
that top lane turret, but it's a Baron
minion with Zigs and no Jace. He's going
to have to completely abandon that split
push. I mean, their wave clear is
terrible, right? So maybe the call is,
you know what, we can't defend. We're
going to have to give up some of these
outers. They're giving up a tier 2 bot.
They lose the tier 2 mid. So now the
gold lead is really evaporating here.
It's down to 100 gold. Was a couple
thousand not long ago. So Hunter Thieves
able to really close the gap there.
Shield bow completed here for Quid. He's
got his third item. upgrades those boots
that he already had from the feats of
warfare. You can see the FBI as well
gets his shadow flame in. Multiple items
getting completed right now. 400
Thieves. They're going to be feeling a
lot better about their position and
catching up with their carries on the
other side as Dignitas had three items
in for quite a few members already. We
might have a second to catch our breath
here because it's 3 minutes to Hexte
Soul, another 3 minutes for Baron, and
the Baron buff is going to
be leaving Hunter Thieves soon. But when
is Elder going to spawn? That's, you
know, what we really need to be looking
towards. It's a dignoss game, the
slowest in the LTA North. They own the
four longest games of the year so far.
It's really incredible what this team is
accomplishing in this young split. Not
young for them, but for most people,
they've aged a 100red years.
Four years of gameplay over these five
weeks. I mean, it's crazy that this
might be becoming their identity. it.
This game to me, I'm so much looking at
Shaden and Certi, right? Uh Certi was
completely starved in that Renekton
game, barely able to stay in it. This
game, he's really showing up. He's
stopped sniper from being able to take
over side lanes, and it's almost about
like how much pressure can he create
before the team fights start because the
other side laner for Dignitas, Kaney, is
getting completely picked on. That's
where Aya has been so good at playing
fog of war with his controls with his
sweeper sneaking around and just teaming
up with Quid to get a bunch of extra
kills on Aan. I think it's what's
keeping this game close cuz without all
those picks that Hunter Thieves have
found on Aaney, I think this game
probably ends up just snowballing in
Dignitas's favor. Yeah, absolutely. I
mean, these lethality builds here, you
know, that Cert is playing, they're high
risk, high reward. You can see he's not
actually that far ahead as far as the
gold goes, but because a lot of these
items are cheaper than what we're seeing
from sniper, he has a lot of item
completions. And in goes Quid.
Stribbreaker popped. Ghost blade going
to be used to try to get out of there.
The soul inbound not going to be enough
to kill him off. But look at that chunk.
And this is the danger of laning against
Quidd here in the late game. Y just
scales like crazy. And because you build
sustain, you can only take that once and
then you have to base. Ambessa has no
life steal. M Quidd uh is the richest
person in the game. So even though both
of them are sitting on six kills, I
think Quid has gotten uh about 50 extra
CS, little bit of extra bounty gold. So
he's actually 800 gold ahead of Certi if
we made that top laner to mid laner
headto-head. So the kit advantages as
well as the gold gap and the very
efficient boot upgrade with the gunmetal
greaves that he has pulled off. So Quidd
in a position to carry this one as is
Certi, I think. Yeah. And we'll have to
see, you know, Tommo quietly is very
rich. you know, he doesn't have the
craziest score line, but if you're
committing everything to trying to kill
off Shaden or try to peel Cert and
Tommo's hitting like he's getting very
very strong and he's working towards his
Jack shows, same build that we actually
saw from the Varys last time around, uh,
you start to get very difficult to
actually knock down. He has his terminus
completed, has for quite a while. And
when he gets that Jack shows done, if
Sniper and Quid can't burst him down,
like if you don't take him down right
off the rip, he's going to have higher
sustained DPS than you will in almost
all the fights. Yeah, the Ambessa, the
Lilia, the
Kalista really good against these quadra
melee if they're playing these fights
well. So I almost want to say Dignitas
is a little bit ahead despite the three
drakes. If they don't get this hex tech
though, that all goes away as now we're
20 seconds in and they don't have good
river setup. So Hunter Thieves might
look for a play right off the bat. The
Zigs poke starting to hurt though. Isles
lose about 20% of his health from one
bomb there getting thrown in by FBI.
Shock blast getting traded back onto
Quid. They do have that mid lane pry.
Hunter Thieves are just going to drop it
and they're looking for a going to flash
in try to turn around onto Certi out to
safety but sniper is in the backline.
He's looking for Tomo. Can he actually
take him down on the other side? It's
going to be Quit and Qu gets put to
sleep but he buffers it with his ulti
and go to sleep Lilia instead. 100
thieves are taking over here. The G
traded out for Sniper, but Sniper does
not care. Quinn does not stop and
Dignitas will fall and lose the soul and
maybe even lose the game. We'll see.
These respawn timers are so incredibly
long. They're just going to flash in and
try to take down Isisles. And with that
and these incredibly long respawn
timers, I think they might have done it.
Dread it. Run for it. Hunter Thief team
fighting always arrives. They might be
able with the Zigs to take down these
turrets and win the game. They don't
even go for Solaz. I think they have
done it. I think so, too. Tommo's not up
for 15 seconds. 100 Thieves. They might
get exciting. They keep it close. And
just like that, they flip the switch.
They turn on a time and they take you
out in the team fight. They're going to
take down Dignitas two to zero and claim
their spot in playoffs. The match score
doesn't do this series justice. It was
so close from start to finish, but it is
Hundred Thieves with the two. I have to
shout out their team fight targeting at
the very end there. I was watching
Sniper on the back end of the fight. He
took on about three people, still killed
Tommo before falling into his G. That
allowed the rest of Hunter Thieves to
burst down and focus Shaden. And it's
probably not as pretty as Hunter Thieves
would have liked, but it's a 2
and Check out 20. They're able to take
down Dingus. Close games, competitive
games. Hunter Thieves though, showcasing
their strength. And don't miss any LTA
action when you get your favorite foods
delivered on Uber Eats for less gold.
Scan the QR code on screen. Click the
link in chat or the Uber Eatats button
on lol esports.com to access the
champion shop featuring exclusive deals
and 50% off Uber Eats. Now we're going
to join Emily on stage for an interview.
Hello. I am here with Sniper after I
would say a frenetic two games. How
would you describe your team's
performance today? I think uh I think we
played pretty bad considering all week
in scrims we've actually been improving.
But um I think this is like the first
ever time I was up like 100 CS in like a
stage match. It it happened in the first
game. So I'm very proud of myself for
that. And I think everyone else played
much better in the second game. So shout
out to my teammates as well for that. I
want to talk to you a little bit about
the Baron Call because that was kind of
the most decisive factor I think in this
game too that kind of set you up for the
eventual win. Uh who decided for that
because previously you kind of just lost
the fight around trying to secure the
drake. Wait, the Baron call it in game
one or game Oh, game two, right? Game
two. Oh, I think
uh I think Quidd actually called it.
Quidd, this guy's like a silent
assassin, by the way. Like he's silent
the entire game, but like he's just like
the best player in the world. No glaze,
of course. Um, so I mean, shout out to
Quid. Like, whenever he speaks, I like
truly listen to him and like the game is
just so easy whenever he talks. And
yeah. Does that mean you don't listen to
your other teammates? No. No. I listen
to my I listen to my other teammates,
but a lot of the time, um, let's just
say Dick for example, or like FBI. I
like I might be spazzing out in the
coms, you know, every now and then. Then
he's like, "Shut up, sniper." You know?
Uh, but it is it is very helpful cuz um
he's a pretty good teammate. But
everyone else on my team is also good.
Yeah, nice. Uh, the last thing I did
want to talk to you about because I feel
like one of the things you've been
working on personally is kind of
choosing when to s sideelane versus
choosing when to join the team. Yeah.
So, how do you how do you feel like that
uh went today? Cuz I did feel like there
was an improvement from game one to game
two. 100%. I mean, game one, I think I
basically won my team the game and then
I like lost my team the game at the same
time. Uh, and then game two, yeah, I
just like, well, I still I still died on
side lane, but it was it was because of
River. This guy was like, "Yo, like kill
them. Kill Ebessa, kill Bessa." And then
we both just died, you know? Like, he
wasn't thinking about the TP. So, if I
just think myself, it's going to be
better. My side laning is going to is
going to keep improving. So, I I think
today was a pretty good showing of my
side ling. Thank you so much for uh
checking in with me again, Sniper.
Congrats on the win. and we will toss it
to break before C9 take on Lion.
I'm gonna look close up.
I'm close up. I'm looking close up
Jason
help. No flash. No flash. I can I can
eat. No flash. What about J? I'm going
to eat flash.
Okay,
AT&T has a new guarantee because most
things in life are not guaranteed. Like
common courtesy. Really, Brendon? I know
you can see. When they say, "I'm on my
way." No way. Pretty blue, though. Or a
fun night at the movies. Yeah, that's
not guaranteed. Hold on. Let Let me put
you on speaker phone. You know what AT&T
guarantees? Connectivity you depend on,
the deals you want, and the service you
deserve, or we'll make it right. That's
the AT&T guarantee.
[Music]
Red Bull gives you wings.
Before Dub can even get there,
get
fed. Scan the QR code for LTA deals only
on Uber
[Music]
Eats. I'm going to take the tower
just want to push first. Yeah, he's
dead. I'm going to go top. I
alian flash. I'm Kalista, guys.
YOLO. I'm coming.
You want to get out TP though? Okay, I'm
going. Burn the splash. Burn the splash.
At least we're here. We're here. Yeah.
Burn the splash.
If he goes over, I want to clear down
the dragon, guys. 50. Just wait
for your Can you look at
Can you It looks good. There look we're
coming. We're coming. This is good. This
is good. Look at 20. No pass 20. It's
good,
guys. They're already giving. They're
already giving. They're already giving.
Push. Look. Can we
look? They don't have to. They might.
They're looking. I'm looking for I lost
my flash. Yeah, just kill. Yeah.
Yeah.
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
You
go. You
Nice club. Thank you. Ready? Yep. Okay.
What is your gamer name? Loki. Loki's
grabbing the first kill, but it's
immediately traded back as Thanos drops
to the culling. Now the Herald's been
summoned up. Loki's trying to run him
over, but Vulcan's going to be the one
jumping in. Quad is looking to keep the
aggro on. He's got to be careful. The
Emperor's divide. Loki gets the kill.
What's your real name?
Lee, is there a story behind your gamer
name? My sale coach made by my name when
I was in H Academy Academ. How old are
you? 19. How tall are you? 171. Where
are you from? Korea. What is your MBTI?
Maybe INTP. Sometimes I am. I have no
idea what this is. Uh, do you have a
brother or sister? Yeah, I have one
younger brother. Who is funnier?
Who is funnier? Yeah, you or your
brother? Me. Does your Does your brother
play games? Yeah. Play League of Legend.
Oh, because of you. Yeah, maybe. But
he's not good at player. He's not good.
Yeah. What what what Elo is your
brother? Oh, maybe Baby Shiver. Oh,
 How long have you been a gamer?
Six years. What season did you start?
Eight. Season eight. Season eight? Yeah.
Oh, bad times.
Uh, what is the first game you played?
Maybe League of Legend. Really? Yeah.
Oh, maybe. So, you're one trick? No. No.
What else? Uh, Baron. Oh, yeah. Are you
good? Yeah. Really? Yeah. Really? What
rank? Uh, emot. Wa. Okay. You can delete
one champion from League. Sorry. You can
delete, you know, delete. Remove. Yeah.
Can't play ever again. No one can play.
If you could change one thing in League,
what would it be? Remove Atakan or
Buffion or
Oh, change again. Yeah. Okay. Favorite
show? Show like TV show? Yeah. TV show?
Drama? Yeah.
Is it Kdrama? Yeah. K drama. It's so
good. What is it about?
Love. Love. Romance. Romance. Yeah.
Nice. Some people call you Loki Mozi.
Yeah. Why is that? Can you explain? Loi.
Yeah. Korean people
usually use kimoji. Yeah. This mean is
really happy. Wow. So good. If I play
scream, it's so good. Wow. Loi. M. Yeah,
makes sense. Thank you. Yeah, no
problem.
[Music]
Welcome back everyone. You got to learn
a little bit about Loki as Cloud9 Kia
are making it in here. Of course,
they're going to be facing Lion later
today. Actually, very, very soon. Wait,
what's in your hand? Oh, he's watching a
show. Okay, I was just making sure. Just
making sure. Crash landing on your
reruns. Maybe it is. Maybe he is. I got
to watch it. I have to watch it. So,
yes, the team's coming in. Uh, so we
just came out of a banger of a series of
100 theaters toss and I hope that this
series is just as good, if not better.
So, listen, a lot of people look at this
and say, man, Lions lost a lot of games
in a row, man. Cloud 9's the best, but
I'm here to tell you that Lions lost
streak is not as bad as you think. Okay.
Okay. Okay. So, explain. I have clips.
They are in good positions and then they
over push. the last time they played
Cloud9. This is a level advantage from
Licorice as they try to twoman dive
this. It gets counter ganked. The game's
kind of over from this because it's a
two and0 Gwen and this is pre- nerf
Gwen. Then last week against Team Liquid
Nocturnal up top lane, get a feed of
warfare. Amazing. We're in a good spot.
But they just like they haven't been
able to say, "All right, good enough."
Ooh, that's bad. They keep diving in.
Henna ends up burning his cleanse while
giving a kill back over. Same game, yet
another clip.
Nocturnal. Oh, it's pretty good. They
killed him again. But you know what?
They just kept going for more. Why is
the clip still going? Because they go
for more, Raz. And okay, this clip
actually goes on for a while. Yeah, it
doesn't end up well for It gets really
bad. Oh, that's bad. Wait a minute.
That's bad. Uh, we we actually get to
speed it up a little bit as well. Oh,
wait. Wait, that's even worse. It gets
worse. They lose the flash on their
carry. Oh, wait. That's horrible. It's
even worse. Maybe you lift. Um, and you
can understand now why they lost this
game. But if you take all three,
everyone's just dying. It's a disaster.
But just they were in good positions.
They're making good plays and then
they're fumbling somewhere, which to me
is much better than just losing. It's
just like it's actually crazy because
while you were saying this and you're
making me a bit of a believer. Yeah.
Just take the good, remove the bad.
Yeah. If only life was that simple.
But then I look, of course, at the loss
streak currently that they're going
through, and it is just the schedule of
doom. You get all the teams that are of
course like worse than you. And then you
get the trail of teams that are just
perceived as better than you, and you're
losing all of them. Yeah. And you're now
playing actually it seems like worse
versus now you're facing a team that has
just not lost until their like since
their first
match. So C9's on a huge streak.
Technically Lions also on a huge streak
in the opposite direction. Raz, you want
to move over just a little bit? I can do
that. You're you're blocking. You're
blocking our rookie of the year matchup.
Oh, my bad. Saint and Loki right here.
You know, I'm bringing with
us. He got He got Okay, we're hiding it.
All right, talk talk about to me about
Saint and Loki though, Emily. Uh I mean,
yeah, Saint
has it kind of stinks because uh during
Lion's lost streak, right, it's been I
would say a lot more difficult for Saint
specifically, we've seen increasing like
uh small mistakes from him. However, um
when he first came into the league, he
was like, again, as someone who watched
him over in LCK uh Challengers, he was
absolutely their strongest mid coming
out. Um I I know a lot of people when
they talked about these two midlaners
specifically, uh were like to C9, why
didn't you take Saint, right? And in a
lot of Lion's early like success, Saint
was a massive part of it. Right. On the
other side, I think the big thing for
Loki is C9 themselves said, "We really
liked his attitude specifically and his
ability to recover regardless of what
happens." And I think you really really
see that shine in C9 content. Whenever
you watch his stream, he's very funny.
He rebounds very quickly when something
bad happens. So, I know all of the C9 C9
teammates have spoken very highly of
him, and I feel like he's only been
improving steadily over time with the
team. And with all that being said, the
stakes for this matchup is pretty big
for C9. If C9 ends up winning this, of
course, and that's likely to happen.
They lock in top two of the group with
Team Liquid. So, with all that being
said, I'm going to hear from the
casters. Take it
away. All right. Thank you very much,
Lounge. I'm ready to get into this one,
Mr. Kobe. Those tail of two streaks, one
being much more preferable than the
other one with C9 lost in green streaks
are good, red streaks are bad. Okay. And
we don't talk about brown streaks. Oh
no, that is not how I want to start off
this series. On that note, ladies and
gentlemen, welcome back to the uh the
LTA here. It's our It's our last match
of the
weekend as uh C9 wants to keep their
streak going. Lion wants to keep their
streak not going. And I do not want to
talk about the last streak,
but we do want to talk about the hype
matchup. The lounge lounge was setting
up in the mid lane uh because they have
so much history uh in LCK challengers.
And when I did my stage interview with
Saint, you know, talking about uh all
the strong mid laners that he was going
to play, he definitely feels confident
versus Loki. Even among the strong mid
laners that he was going to play, he was
like, "Yeah, I feel very confident
versus Loki. You know, I feel like um
you know, I have the advantage because
he did beat him a bunch in LTK
challengers." But that has not been the
case. This is LTA. This is not uh Korea
over here. We've got a 8game win streak
for Cloud9. They have been on an
absolute tear through the LTA. Uh and as
I said, you know, Lion definitely have
been struggling in the last one. Sixgame
loss streak. So um really looking
forward to the draft especially. Yeah,
these two top laners are um also very
exciting because Thanos has just been
dominating. It's been basically him and
Whippo as talked about the best top
laners in the LTA bar none. And Licorice
has been very creative though. So I want
to see, you know, he's been like flexing
the Fury up there. Um we'll we'll see
what sort of tricks Lion and Licorice do
have in draft phase here cuz now we are
into Fearless and we've been looking
for, you know, some extra tweaks there.
And top lane has been a very diverse
role in terms of just how much different
stuff we've been seeing. the lack of
lane swaps. Now, also the push back on
the grub timer from six minutes to
eight, allowing a longer standard laning
phase before things have to be switched
around, swapped around. It's just like
allowing more picks to be viable, to be
apparent. So, maybe that's the secret.
Maybe Licorice has some secret sauce
cooked up to deal with the Thanoos
problem. Maybe. Um, we do have a slight
delay on that stage. Oh, no. Is it
Please don't tell me there's coffee in
another computer. I didn't see anybody,
you know, spilling coffee at the end of
the last game. So, seems like everybody
is uh warmed up here. Look at all the in
concert shaking. Everybody's in sync
here. Everybody's fully warmed up.
Energy practice. The hands are hot.
Flowers. We got hand warmers in each
hand for pretty much everybody. They're
cooking. We are. We're We're cooking.
Okay. So, I was informed the players
just have to relog their clients. That's
all. There's no coffee in a computer
this time. There's no crazy spills, no
issues. Breathe deep. We're good. Little
relog. Turn it off. Turn it back on
again. Still looks like we got 10 butts
in seats. Nobody's running away to the
bathroom. That's That's good. That's
good. We're We're hopefully going to get
in here like real fast. I can handle
that. Quick little log out. Log back in.
Everybody's been there. Everybody's had
that issue. I can tell you I've never
spilled coffee in my computer, but I
have had to relog plenty of times. Yeah.
Uh, the only problem I log into or run
into with that is when I'm trying to log
into my other account, my Smurf, and
then I instantly relog back into the
same one I just logged out on. Oh, yeah.
Like an idiot. Just muscle memory right
back into the same account. I feel then
I feel so stupid. It's just like, you
know, I should be playing on a smurf.
I'm too dumb right now to be risking my
actual LP. Yeah, I definitely should be
on the Smurf right now. It's not
decision-m not looking so good. Um,
yeah. Honestly though, uh lion here in
this group, it is very tough because
both of the groups for this stage uh of
the LTA seem like they have a very clear
top two. Everybody coming into this was
like, oh yeah, you know, this group is
going to be Cloud9 and Team Liquid. Yep.
Um and and the other group is going to
be Fly Quest and 100 Thieves. But we
have started to see, you know, some
hints of possible shakeups. So I'm I'm
excited. We'll see if Lion can make a
dent here. It's definitely going to be
difficult as overall Cloud9 have really
been looking like uh the strongest or at
the very least second strongest team in
the entire league. So, uh they're going
to slam the Rumble first though. That's
a good place to start. We were we were
talking about these solo lane matchups
and Licorice does feel very comfortable
on the Rumble stealing that away from uh
Thanos. But it's not something spicy.
It's not something surprising. Well, if
you do that spicy hot pot and you pair
it with Jarvin that okay, the name we
can get a little bit A little bit of
spicy hot pot in there, but I'm still
not going Whoa. Wowee, it's Rumble. He's
just He's been around in the meta. He's
been pretty one, you know. Okay. Started
off with something a little bit normal,
then shake it up afterwards. Okay. Well,
let's go ahead. We'll check in on the
bands here real fast. Ezreal, Poppy,
Gwen, banned out by Lion. C9 getting rid
of the VI, the Varys, and the Yona. That
is all three of those champs that during
the lounge they were saying has had 100%
pickb presence throughout the entire
split. And C9's just paying the pickb
taxes on all of them. Yeah. And I feel
like that this is what you're in store
for in game ones because we haven't had
huge changes in the meta over the last I
want to say like four patches. So people
are really really comfortable on what is
good in the first game in the blind
basically blind uh scenarios here. So,
you know, Loki, we had like the
highlight play of him on the Azir,
obviously, ton of games uh cranking in
solo Q on the champion as well. And so,
we're seeing pretty quick answers here.
The Ambessa also very common uh into the
Rumble, but also it's a Thanos special.
Thanos has absolutely smurfs on this
champion. Um he has had very very good
games uh very recently with the champion
both versus Team Liquid and versus Fly
Quest. He was a monster. So really
utilizing it against some of the highc
caliber opponents that Cloud9 played in
the first stage of uh of this splits and
uh did very well with it. If you've got
a Seduani and you've got an Ambessa,
that is a super scary 2v2. Um meanwhile
though uh got to respect that Zenzhou.
It is pro most people's one of most
people's like favorite uh options into a
lot of the tank junglers. you know, you
go conquer on Zenzou uh pretty much
always and you can uh duel very very
effectively and we've seen a lot of like
lane ganks come from uh from Ailan
especially too like slipping into the
brush in lane to be a little bit sneaky
about it. So uh maybe we'll see some of
those antics. But catching up on the
bottom lane flowers. Yep. Let's go ahead
and look where we're at here because
both sides have drafted both of their
solo laners alongside their junglers. So
the second half of the bands have to
focus in that bottom lane and three out
of four bands are targeting the support
role. Specifically champions that are
good at roaming around and setting up
picks or engages. The bard, the
Allistar, and the Nautilus all banned
away. The one change away from support.
C9 removing Lucian from the table,
interestingly enough. Okay, no Lucian
Nami, no Lucian Millio on the board.
They don't want that to go over to
Henna. Let's see. But what do they want,
Kobe? cuz we've got uh we've got the
Ferris and the Ezreal both banned out.
Exactly. So then you're down in like the
Misfortune Corki uh Kai'Sa territory
here and they still really like that
Corki like that burst damage coming from
it. Honestly, Zven uh has definitely
impressed with it and delivered
dividends. So, like the mobility of it
because anytime you're facing a Rumble
and a Tia, um especially the Rumble
though, like you want some sort of
Valkyrie, some sort of mobility to get
off that Rumble ultimate uh very very
quickly. And it's a double Fard lock in
on the side of Lion. The Braum and the
Ash picked up for the bottom lane. I
really like the Ash pick here because I
feel like this team is very limited on
their hard engage. The arrow is going to
be an absolutely critical tool for them
being able to pick fights that they
want. Yeah, there's one thing common
with Fraord champs and that's crowd
control and it's it's team fight. You
know, a lot more structure to the team
fight with an Ash Braum here. So, huge
peel. Braum is uh can be a pretty good
tool versus an Ambessa. Try and keep
those melee carries down by stunning
them up uh with the ultimate as well
with the knockup. A lot of area you can
try and control. So, we'll see how well
Lion can team fight here because they've
rounded it out. Both these comps
honestly look quite good to me. So, uh
game number one here does look like
we've got some uh some pretty pretty
even footing heading in. But on
Summoner's Rift, really going to have to
lock in here for Lion versus Cloud9 cuz
Cloud9 have not been giving a lot of
openings or a lot of mistakes to uh for
their opponents to capitalize on. All
right, nonsubscribers. We're going to
see you guys in 30 seconds. But for
everybody else, a quick stat here
because I'm like, you know, I feel like
for as long as Vulcan's been in the
league, we've seen a lot of Rakan games
out of him over the years. And I just
checked and yeah, he's got 56 raon
games. So, lots and lots of experience
on this champion. Does have a positive
win rate on it, but it's just about 54%.
So, nothing crazy. But I feel like with
how well Zven and Vulcan have been
playing, putting Vulcan on this big
engage champ, especially when your
opponent's engage is much more limited.
I think that Zven and Vulcan have a
chance to really just run the show in
this one. All right, let's pump that up
to 56 57%. You know, yeah, right after
this. I don't know if one game does that
with 50 games, you're going to get 2%.
Okay. All right. Sure. Let's see if he
can do it. Let's see if he can pump
those numbers up. Get them past the
rookie numbers. 54. Hell no. We need a
55 at least. at least. All right, let's
see what we get here at the start as
Aylan's just going to step up, place
down that super common chicken ward in
the enemy jungle there as Vulcan will
see Lions and Henna stepping up. Uh,
yeah. Okay, just a couple of counter. I
do see Zenzho kind of hovering behind
the red buff there. I don't think he's
going to do anything crazy, but at least
drop the ward towards Raptors and
Blabber sees it go down. That's always
the key though. Now Blabber can work
around that known vision that the
opponents have. Uh Lion also warding up
the blue buff though, so they'll be able
to track that Seduani. No problem. I
love how Zven uses the Pepega Frog not
just on others, but on himself. Fires
the phosphorus bomb into the pixel
brush. Misses completely. Oh, that's a
Pepe frog. He he is uh very liberal with
his Pepega frog usage. He'll use it at
any any actually convenience. You know,
it's just any instance, good, bad, him,
anyone else. It's got to be bound to
like his middle mouse button or
something like it's a it's a very common
usage there. But, you know, you can bind
it. You can just bind it to the same
keys as your abilities, too, and just
always be have emotes going. Yeah, I I
know specific I'm pretty sure that's
common specifically on Yasawa players.
Like Yasawa players like to do that
whenever they alter something. That
tracks that tracks so that you can you
know that they're doing it, they're
feeling it in the moment. All right, so
let's go ahead see where we're at here
with the early lane trading as Henna and
Lions want to try to use the power of
the range there with the Ash. Just keep
that volley spam going on. Both junglers
starting off in their bottom side.
Junglers will be pathing towards that
top half of the map. And that leads me
back to kind of what we were talking
about in draft a little bit. The Sajuani
Ambessa and how scary this duo is,
especially considering it's Thanoos
Ambessa and he's already winning early
trades. Yeah, he got the early level two
there, jumped in for the quick little
trade onto Licorice. Nice little bit of
damage and he went with the electrocute
and Bessa cuz you're trying to go for
those quick trades. Uh get in there big
burst damage with the electrocute. Back
out before Rumble can burn you too much.
Uh and stack up the Rumble Conqueror.
All right, so we really still need to
see if Lion's got what it takes to end
this streak that they have been on,
which has um not been their favorite one
that they've been on for a while here.
Started off really good. Yeah, Mark is
uh Mark's just running across there. the
longest streaks of 2025. Oh, Mark. Mark,
put your clothes on. We also don't talk
about the Mark streaks. No, no, those
are those are not the ones we are
looking for. But, uh, I think I think
Lion is looking to get rid of everything
on that graphic. You know, he was so
happy though. He was having a great
time. I'm sure we'll not get a talking
to you at all after this.
That mean we didn't make that. No. Yeah.
I don't know how to do graphic design,
but uh Okay, let's get back into where
we were at as Than than Yeah. Focus up.
Just Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Focus. Focus. And
right back up. Don't be distracted by
the graphic elements. As Thanos is
keeping control over this top lane. And
with Thanoos having control there, that
enables Blabber to have control over the
river to try to secure the crab. But
it's going to be a fight for the crab.
Neither jungler has their smite, so this
is going to come down to a full-on brawl
potentially. Both top laners also at
about half HP. Audan wants to start it
up here with the third talent strike
onto Thantoes. And there's the flame
spitter. A ton of damage to Cloud9.
First blood over to Lion as Audan is
still alive trying to turn it back
around onto Blabber. Licorice flashing
away. Needs a little bit more damage.
Sane has made his way up to the fight.
And Lion just got two nothing up here on
the top side river. Now Loki wants to
get one back. Licorice has already
flashed, so he's going to die there.
Loki still trying to get another.
Flashes over the other way back towards
the river, but now he's going to die. 2
ft of warfare claimed. 4 minutes and 9
seconds into the game for Lion. Today is
a good day to watch the LTA. We are in
combat non-stop. Like the last series
was like 50 minutes straight of combat.
And this game immediately into a river
skirmish. And Audi land gets the flash
over the wall. He was prepping it next
to the wall. He gets over there and
Thanos is not able to finish him off. So
they get the early lead. His conqueror
is stacked up. He gets the kill there.
He gets the triumph there. So when Loki
commits the flash inside the pit, he
knows just chase him down. He had his
fully stacked up. Able to get that last
Talon strike as well. And the Zenzou,
this champion is so good at snowballing.
So good at dueling already. You know,
you have this advantage uh for 1v1s
versus a Seduani. Now the Seduani is
it's an aftershock seduani with a giants
belt and you are conquer with plenty of
early lead here. So Audi land definitely
will have priority in jungle in these
duels. And from this point you always
think as a jungler I need to play as
aggressively as possible as is allowed
by my laners. So play off laners that
are going to be able to push in and
support you because you will be able to
win. He's doing just that. He's going
for the raptors. He gets some of them.
Blabber was able to get about half there
plus the smite. Yeah, Od is going to
keep the pressure on. Make sure that
Blabber is constantly having to be aware
of his presence here in the jungle. So,
this means Blabber knows he's been
chased out of his top camp. So,
Blabber's only options are botside
plays, but his camps are all gone. So,
the only real thing would be a dragon,
and he feels too weak to go for that
because Saint can cover. Bottom lane is
pushed up also for Lion. So, Lion really
utilizing this early lead. Well, their
lanes are pushing up, covering the
possible options that Blabber would go
for. So, Blabber had to go for an
honestly terrible recall there just to
get another Ruby Crystal. Meanwhile,
Audan took away his kugs and we'll be
able to get a topside scuttle. And the
only thing real left here for Blabber is
all right, do I try and get a gank off?
Do I go for this dragon? And there is a
ward here that's going to see him start
up the dragon. And critically, that ward
is placed right outside of where his
sweeper was. So he's starting the dragon
up without the knowledge that his
opponents are aware of it. Lion knows
what's going on here. His bottom lane
though did get the push back out. And so
we did get kind of the reverse scenario
where Zven and Vulcan got to push the
wave backwards. And so they do cover
here and at least allows him that little
bit of out. Even though he had to take
the kind of suboptimal recall before, he
waited, you know, waits the timing for
his bottom lane to like regain control.
Once Ven and Vulcan can get the push
back, then he goes to pick it up. A land
though kept his focus on clearing out
the camps. So, he did the scuttle plus
the Gromp plus the wolves getting more
money for himself. Yeah, which is like
further uh, you know, selfish/ greedy
um, you know, jungle play. Uh, which is
actually just, you know, correct play
trying to get more resources on
yourself. And he's early to his level
six. So, we'll see if the Zenzho uh once
he goes back and spends some more of
this money. He already has 1,000 gold in
inventory uh will be very formidable
once we start to get to these objectives
flowers with the void grubs coming up in
30 seconds. Uh it will be very dangerous
to go try and fight that Zenzou.
Exactly. The void grubs are what I'm
looking at because look at the
individual gold leads on the scoreboard
right now. The two largest are in the
jungle. Nearly 1,000 gold there for Audi
land specifically. And then 350 gold up
for Licorice in the top lane. That is
two of the key players that are going to
be involved for a grub fight. A big
equalizer. Zinga jumping in when he's
already fed. Plus, you have Saint on Tia
who can join so easily with the Weaver's
Wall. I really want to see Lion play for
these grubs. And they have gone for
their swap, but Zven is still bottom
side. So, does look like Cloud9 are
going to say we'll make a play somewhere
else. Oh, Saint getting caught off guard
as Loki makes the engage here with the
Shereima shuffle. Blabber ready to
follow him up, but here comes Lions on
the defense. Lion rallying the troops,
bringing everybody together. They're
going to keep their mid laner alive as
Blabber is now the sacrificial Seduani.
And it's a 4 to one game for Lion. Saint
is able to flash his way out there. He
lives. Licorice on the bottom side. Not
too scared of the dive. Hugs his tower.
He avoids death for now, but he's
probably going to have to back off cuz
Vulcan's coming as well to really force
that dive. And Lion No, our strong side
is all top side. All our resources are
there, so just back off licorice. Don't
give anything up. His cool down on the
Rumble ultimate if we could click on
that. It's too long for this wave. Yeah,
but next wave uh he will have that
available. He's trying to like tow the
line here and kind of stay in range.
Mhm. But uh they got the void grubs
flowers. They defended the mid play as
well. successfully and I feel like that
was Cloud9's attempt to stop them from
getting the grubs by finding the pick on
Saint. But as soon as it fails, their
hopes are dashed. Ailan again just
trying to contest Blabber in the jungle,
steal away some of these camps. I did
want to point out the ward dropped by
Vulcan down there in the bottom lane
between the two turrets to keep an eye
on wherever Licorice is at as he kind of
does what you were talking about,
hanging back, seeing how close he can
get before it's too dangerous. And that
means that C9 is always going to be
aware. But man, what an awesome first 9
minutes of gameplay here from Lion. The
only thing they've really lost out on
was that first drake, and I don't think
they're too worried about it as here's
another look at the attempted play on
Saint. Yeah, so they sweep him in.
Blabber is able to follow it up with the
Suani ultimate, but the flash away. And
because he has phase rush for Saint,
he's able to walk over to Lions who
jumps in with the the defense here. And
then once that Zenzou arrives, that is
very far ahead. Easy for them to lock
him up. The Braum ends up taking it.
Sorry.
I was just about to He knows He knows
you taking it. The Braum ends up taking
it. And what do you have to say for
yourself? My bad. Hey, my bad. He was
getting hyped up. He was getting hyped
up. You know, he jumped in there. When
you're Braum jumping in trying to save a
teammate, you feel kind of like
Superman. You come in or save the day.
Um, you know, if they put it onto Audi
land, then Audi land would just be out
of control. He He's still very far ahead
though. Has enough to to finish the
Sundered Sky. So, he's got that extra
auto attack crit at the beginning. And
it just gives you so much
survivability in the skirmishes when you
get your attacks off on the individual
attempts. Licorice though, Thanos going
in looking for Licorice doesn't find him
there with the public execution. The
Rumble's got to try to get away, but
Vulcan's ready to back him off. Thanoos
grabbing a critical kill here for C9 as
now they're backing away. Audi land
shows up, but it's too late to keep
Licorice alive this time. Also did want
to point out when we were watching the
previous replay of the attempt on Saint
in mid, they tried to make another
attempt on him in the little picturein
picture in the bottom left, but it ended
up in Thanoos losing his flash. That
doesn't end up affecting this bot lane
play here, but it is something important
to keep in mind as we keep going
forward. Lion's gold lead has been about
1,000 ever since that first big fight in
the top side river 7 minutes ago. So,
while we're praising them for having a
solid early game, I do want to see them
continue building it up more because the
longer they just keep this stagnated,
the longer Cloud9's just going to have a
fairer and fairer fight. And I am going
to look at Henna for that. You know, the
Ash arrows and the hawk shots are what
you use for so much midame control. Ash
is really famous for this. So annoying
for Blabber for Cloud9 uh to try and
pull off those surprise plays. Keep that
hog shot tracking and then utilize your
ash arrows very very frequently here.
Objective is up. So they're in. They're
going to start it up. Uh ailand no
problem there. So they're going to start
burning that down. And while Cloud9 fish
around, you know, let's see what kind of
cross map could we get. At least there's
a crab up here. Oh, they're teleporting.
They're going to try and dive. Can they
actually stop the recall though? Saint
cancels it himself. Now he's surrounded.
Yeah, he's going to try to get away from
this one, but Blabber and Vulcan both
ready to try to stop him. Blabber
stepping away from the seismic shove.
Saint taking a ton of damage here, but
honestly not enough. C9, they try to
make the move, but with only a Sichuan,
you don't have the threat you need. Loki
tries to go in for the engage, but Saint
with a flash out keeps himself alive yet
again. Cloud9 now finding themselves
overextended behind enemy lines as Loki
just gets cooked. C9 go for a sloppy
play and get punished. Henna flashes
over the wall ready to keep him slowed
down here for the volley. Saint arrives
but he's completely out of mana. There's
nothing left here for the seismic shove.
A land once more damage under Thanoto
and a beautiful equalizer. Welcomes him
to hell. It's the red carpet straight
down as Lion win another fight. Lion
with the trap. Everyone comes in to
defend the play from Cloud9. The cross
mapap goes poorly for them. Really well
done by Lion. They trap them. They get
an extra kill there. Let's take another
look because they were doing the dragon.
You see the dragon indicator now and
he's going to instantly recall. It's
it's when they went for the re-engage
and they try and make this flash play.
Loki is going to try and get Saint with
the Azir sweep, but Saint matches the
flash. Even though Loki barely gets away
from that seismic shove, still gets
trapped. Lion are still able to chase
down a couple of kills for it. But
Cloud9, they overreached a little bit.
You know, they had the right crossmat
play initially, but when they didn't get
it, you you kind of just have to let it
go at that point. It's a little bit much
to go for the Azir sweep there. They
match flash for flashes. Um, Audi land,
by the way, nice W flash on each other,
guys. I tell you, flash.
Yep. Yep. Sounded like a little bit of
uh Comm's frustrations there for C9
trying to get everybody on the same page
to make these plays work. Dantos taking
a significant amount of damage up here,
but it's only Saint and Lions. He's
still Ambessa underneath the turret. He
does not have his ulti though, so you
don't have that full outplay potential
to punish a dive. So, Thanos wisely
stepping away. We are past 14 minutes.
These Ash arrows haven't really found a
big value one yet. A lot of them have
come very close, but just slightly off.
Yeah, if if Thanos was truly window
shopping there, that would have been a
sick one. Um, I like still going for
those, you know, at the recall positions
because there's there's a huge reward uh
if your opponent doesn't cancel recall
and move and uh the cool down not too
big of an issue. Not too big of an
expenditure there for Lion. So, they get
their top tower. It is traded. Uh Cloud9
answering on the bottom side, you know,
as they should. They're they're
continuing to try their cross maps and
continuing to try uh to make the plays
necessary to stay in it. And the
important part is even though they trade
the turrets since Lion got it first,
that's the second feat that they needed.
Now they've got the powered up boots
which remember also got the buff in this
patch when you buy the new ones. They're
much cheaper so they're going to feel
that much more effective later on. And
honestly checking in now with Lions
early game here. It's been good. They're
2,000 gold ahead. Plates have fallen.
We're getting into the mid game and
they've got a good shot. This is
honestly one of the better chances I
feel like this team has had to take down
a team that everybody's got so much
higher rank than them. True. We've seen
some real sparks of brilliance from this
team at moments in the LTA, but uh it
would be a tremendous feat if they could
take down Cloud9 here in a best of three
in stage number two. We're a long way
from that actually happening and they've
got a lot of work to do, but they are
taking the necessary steps here.
Licorice and Audi land continue to push
on bottom side and since they got the
void grubs even though they give over
Rift Herald they already got the outer
turret on bottom and they're going to
force down the secondary turret too.
Secondary turrets worth so much more for
your team. Uh really really effective
here for Lion to continue uh pushing
through and get the extra gold value
right now. really like the call here
recognizing, hey, we might not want to
fight for that Herold, but there's so
much value that's so easily picked up
down here in bottom lane. They might as
well cash in on it. Three turrets to two
for them. 2 and a half thousand gold
lead. And the dragon coming here in 48
seconds. So, it's recall time. Everybody
get your resets. Spend your money that
we just earned in all these trades for
both teams, Cloud9 included here, uh to
be able to set up for this one. And you
look down, most people are still on
their first item power spikes and the
parts of their second ones. Uh, you
know, of course, Lion are a little bit
further along on that pathway, but it's
not something that Cloud9 could not
overcome. So, if they get a good setup
here, you know, Blabber in the brush and
Vulcan in the brush and they look for a
very quick play, that's a possible
opportunity. I will say a lot of deep
vision though that Lion left behind.
Vulcan discovering some of it now. So
yeah, they're trying to clear that out
and be a little bit more cautious cuz
mid tower is so low. Lion could just
force mid tower first before dragon and
then use mid priority to be able to leak
down into the dragon. Looks like they
will just do that. This thing goes down
super easy. And so now it's very hard
for Cloud9 to even approach dragon. They
might just have to give it up. Yep. C9
doesn't have everybody in the
neighborhood. Vulcan just recalled right
there anyway. Goes back to base. gets
himself a quick shop as Lion going to go
ahead and start up the objective. It
looks like you're right, man. I don't
think Cloud9 is too interested in this.
Instead, they're just going to take the
opportunity with Lion down in the bottom
side river. Use the Herald mid. Try to
guarantee the tier one turret take. I
believe it needs a little bit more
damage for the Herald to actually get
the kill. Nope, not quite. Just enough
to take it down. Nicely done there. So
C9 is going to trade evenly on those
tier ones mid, but it does come at the
cost of the second drake for Lion. C9
getting that first one at least means
that Lion is not on soul point. So,
they've still got a little bit more time
to play with and not have to answer the
next dragon. But yeah, I'd say Cloud9
are probably looking at Muramana plus
Triny force for for Zven and then also
the Nasher's Tooth added to Loki. Once
you have that, you feel a lot more
comfortable, you know, solid in in
taking these team fights, then your your
DPS is a lot more formidable. Plus, you
have like a couple of poke options there
uh for Zven, you know, uh as those
rockets do come out if you can, you
know, soften up a couple of the members
of Lion and and look for a better moment
to like fully fire on your Siguani,
Ambessa, and Azir ultimates. Um Vulcan
as well can try and get kind of sneaky
with some of the flank angles there.
we've seen uh you know yesterday
especially uh Huhi and some of the
supports going real deep to find some
good flank angles and picks for the
teams. Okay, still about a 1 and a half
thousand gold lead, but that has shrunk
from where it was before about a
thousand higher than that as C9 have
been catching up a little bit here.
They're doing a good job of not allowing
their opponents to just take everything
with no response. The turret count I
feel like a lot of times in a game where
a team has an explosive early lead like
Lion got can end up very one-sided, but
C9 has kept it very close. Yeah, they
certainly have. They They have to be
wary of Ash arrows and ult. Okay. Oh,
nice arrow there on SP, but he
immediately cleanses it and gets himself
right out of the way of danger. Now,
Vulcan and Blabber ready to protect
their AD carry as they all fall back.
Lion finally makes the attempt. They hit
the arrow, but it's on the target who
can immediately cleanse it off and Zven
survives. Yeah, very very nice stuff
from Zven to remain calm there. Uh, use
the cleanse, jump over the TIA wall and
safely evade, you know, one of these
dangerous scenarios cuz Braum ults also
being down. Wait a second. Thanoos just
used the Ambessa ult. They couldn't
quite catch him. Oh boy, a TP coming in.
C9 looking for their moment here. A land
could be the pick. Tries to get back
over the wall. Nice shuffle from Loki.
Tosses him right back over, but a shut
down goes in for Thanoos. Saint arrives,
but it might be a little too late to do
anything. Now Loki's going to get caught
out. And I'm dead wrong. And Loki's just
dead. Saint continuing the chase as C9
keeps falling back. A one for one trade.
Mid laner for jungler. Lion makes sure
they go down swinging. Yeah, Zir goes in
for the sweep, but ends up super duper
deep and they only go for one for one.
Flowers. I mean, there's no objective
here either that we're fighting over.
So, uh, that that was kind of for fun.
We are having a good time. We are
looking at the teleports come in and you
saw early the Rumble was walking from
bottom side. So when Loki goes for this
sweep and he does get two of them and
force Lion's flash also but then he's so
far that even with the dash he can't get
back to the rest of the team. And so
once Saint's teleport arrives and once
licorice gets in range for the Rumble
ult can just make it a one for one. Uh
you know like we said though there's not
really big rewards to uh being the last
ones at the top of that fight anyway.
Everybody basically resets after one for
one trade. And now we look at Okay, we
have to keep some vision of Oticon, but
everybody knows it's pretty dangerous.
Ven though. Here we go again. They once
again want to target the enemy AD carry.
Saint jumps in there. Nice use of the
seismic shove. The followup is there.
And without the cleanse, even with the
flash, Zven drops that time. Nice pick
from Lion. That's so good from Zane. He
immediately gets off with the rocks. So
Zven uh when he valks over, stuns
himself. They get him with the seismic
shove. They get him even after he
flashes. And Lion are doing it with that
pick flowers. They can put pressure onto
Odicon. So it's a very tenuous situation
for Cloud9 right now. And you have to
put enough threat as Cloud9 towards this
Oticon to buy time for Zven to come back
alive. This objective takes a long time
and it is dangerous for those who do it
because it shreds your armor and magic
resist. But Cloud9, they still need to
buy more time for Zven to to to revive.
All right, he's reviving now. But the
Oticon is already down to 40% HP. Lion's
trying to keep Vulcan away. Blabber also
nearby ready to smite fight for this.
Thanos has just taken the blast cone
over the wall. Zven just now making his
way out of the base to try to get up
here and join this fight. The Thornbound
Onacon is already claimed by Lion. And
now they've got to try to disengage. A
land and licorice both at the tail end
of the escape. But everybody on Lion
gets out. Really well done. Yeah,
because nobody dies and no big cool
downs are used. Uh I mean the dragon is
up right now in 30 seconds. So, I think
they even have time to reset and go
fight that as well. Very clean stuff
from Lion here. Flowers versus Cloud9
who ended the first split at the top of
the LTA. Lion here are pushing them to
the brink. Very competitive stuff. Lots
of good, you know, Tia looks here from
Saint to look for some of these picks.
They immediately got their pick on Zven,
turned it into an Oticon, and now have
reset in time to come fight the dragon
as well. Licorice has teleport on the
Rumble. They could join. Okay, C9 on the
dragon starting it up first, ready to
just DPS this thing down. They've
already got it down to 1/3, but Audi
land is ready to contest. Lions bringing
in a TP. The Weaver's wall arrived. Sane
has made his way into the pit. The Drake
is claimed, however, by Blabber and
Cloud9. A nice equalizer comes down on
most of the C9 roster, but it's Thanos
causing trouble, putting the pressure
onto Saint as Hannah's already been shut
down, but they trade it back for his
vend. Thanoos drops next, and Lion are
scrambling and winning the fight. Loki
gets the kill on Saint. A double kill
over to Blabber though as C9 have lost
three. Lion have lost three. There's
only two men left standing on either
side. And now Blabber may have
overstayed his welcome to kill a couple
of minions. Brother, you do not have a
tier 2 turret. That thing got killed a
while back. The electro harpoon does not
connect and Blabber barely gets away for
an even fight. And a Drake at Cloud9.
It's good. Suani passive. Fury of the
north keeps him from getting slowed. He
walks away, but look at the fight
flowers. Blabber secures the smite. He
gets the objective for the team. Then
you have kind of two fights. Up on the
top side, you see Sven gets stunned on
the Rumble ultimate. But the bottom
side, Thanos is just ripping up Saint
and Ailand. He draws them deeper into
the pit so that then by the time they
get back to the actual fight and they
flash in, it ends up being a three for
three with the shutdowns going over. So
the distraction and kind of pulling this
fight in two different directions ended
up with Cloud9 still getting the
objective scrapping three for three on
the fight. Uh very very uh very fun one
here. Here's Lion though in the past uh
that we had in the best of ones versus
the top four teams, right? And when you
look at this a lot of times it starts
falling off when the minutes are not
even at 20 yet. When you start looking
at this 14-minut 16-minute mark, it
starts falling off in a lot of the
matches, particularly in their one
against Cloud9. It's 24 minutes of the
game now, and they still have a lead.
Yes, it is the same lead they've had
since 4 minutes, but it is still a lead,
and they've been really making Cloud9
work for this. They've still got an
advantage of spot here in this game.
Very tense situation here because we're
about to have Baron join the map and
there is not a big enough lead here for
Lion to be able to force it. So it has
to be about the next pick. Again, we're
still looking at these ash arrows. Can
Henna get a quick snipe there for Lion
to make another meaningful pick? So far,
Saints has been quite good with the Tia
walls and they have found focus on Zven,
but Zven's cleanse is back up and the
flash is a pretty small cool down left
on it. Here we go though, fog of war is
big. Plus, there's male on Vulcan. I
feel like this is such a good purchase
for him as that first nonsup support
item because the enemy team really only
has the ash arrow and now Vulcan has the
response no matter who gets tagged. This
is going to create a lot of pressure for
Lion to find just a perfect surprise
engage. 100% agree right there. So
they're going to have to play the side
lanes. Thanos pushing on bottom side. Uh
they just had Loki finish up on the top
side as well. So Cloud9 get the first
move. Looks like it's not going to be
too meaningful as they still need to
collect their blue buff on the opposite
side of the map from Baron. But still
fishing around. You can tell how dark
the map is for both sides. Nobody has
really deep vision. It's a little bit
shallow still, so you have to be
cautious and nobody really wants to push
uh across the halfway point of
Summoner's Rift cuz the next big pick
has way bigger rewards for the game uh
than we have seen for the first 25
minutes. And uh the dragon's still very
far off, but we're all ready trying to
group up and do our vision prep for it.
Okay, everybody just waiting on this
dragon to spawn. I really want to see
Lion continue to make proactive moves. I
feel like a lot of times when we see our
lower ranked teams get a lead versus our
higher ranked teams, this 20 to 30
minute mark is where the problems arise
when they fail to figure out how to keep
the game moving forward with their lead.
Also, not even about the ranks, but
about the comps, too. Cloud9 have really
good scaling here. So, um you are a
little bit scared of like late game
Azir, Ambessa, and Corki with some
really good utility on Seduani and and
Rakan. Um so, like the Cloud9 comp uh
also does have a lot of good options as
we progress. And Cloud9 are just have
been so solid in not letting Lion run
away with the gold lead and not really
snowball it or balloon at all. Uh and
constantly they've been able to whittle
it down. one wave at a time. Flowers uh
of minions here. They've been catching
up, catching up, catching up, and
prepping here for the next step. We
also, we're well past that step that we
were talking about before uh with the
Azir and the Corki as far as carrying.
Oh yeah, we've been on that step. We're
almost at the death cap step for Loki.
So, we're halfway up the stairs,
brother. We are far. So, Lion, they're
they're feeling like I don't want to see
that death cap completed. So, Lion here
trying to make uh some early move uh
before that happens. Let's see if they
can get a pick. Seismic. They want the
seismic shove. And they find it onto
Vulcan. A lot of damage, but not enough
to kill him here at the very start. He
uses the quickness defensively to try to
get away as a land now has to want to
escape as Blaver leads the charge and
Thanos has found the flank, but now he's
in the middle of everybody. He dies
before he can do anything. Loki wants to
get the shovel, but now he's dead, too.
Cloud9 have already lost both solo
laners. Vulcan now drops. Everybody in
C9 Jerseys ain't breathing no more.
Zven, the last man standing. A triple
kill for Henna. A beautiful trap laid
and sprung by Lion pays off. Great
defense from Lion there defending around
the Tia and Saint had an arm guard. That
arm guard bought some extra time. The
Braum alt goes off. Lion are able to
defend that dive that was kind of
surgical from Cloud9. They get all the
kills on the way out and that's going to
be not only the dragon flowers. That is
Baron as well. Lion Gaming they are
doing it. Huge moves from Lion. That was
beautiful. I was wondering how are they
going to be able to deal with this team
fight with their limited engage tools.
How is it going to work? That's okay.
I'm okay. I'm
okay.
I'm
waiting. Go.
Yeah. Ambessa went in and even though
Blabber was able to get the stun on the
sane into the Ambessa ultimate, it was
disjointed from the Loki uh you know
invade that was later. So Loki's sweep
comes in after the Ambessa's already
dead. So it's kind of one at a time with
the solo laners instead of right uh in
position to go uh one after another. And
it is just huge here. So Henna, nice uh
nice uhly done from him as well. But
Lion, let's see what they can do with
this Baron buff. I have been a firm
believer for years that Stasis is the
most powerful active in League of
Legends. And that team fight just
demonstrated why. Saint and Licorice
both being able to just totally drop
aggro and survive the worst of what
Cloud9 engaged with. Completely changed
the landscape of what could have been a
very different fight. It earns Lion
their biggest lead so far in the game.
Now 3 and a half thousand gold ahead.
They're at soul point. Red Bull Baron
power play still just at the baseline
value of plus 1500 for the Baron. So,
we'll see how much gold they can add to
that with these tier twos that are still
standing. This first one up here in top
lane will be taken out. As you can see,
Saint applying the split pressure over
in mid while Zven tries to defend that.
Thanoos was just getting the wave shoved
up in bottom to prevent any additional
pressure there. Saint still hanging
around in the enemy jungle. Blabber is
looking for the chance at a flank here,
but keep in mind that if C9 goes for
anything, the Weaver's wall, there it
is, can still come up and try to stop
their defense. Ailand jumps in on
Vulcan, but it's only to buy enough time
for the rest of the team to knock the
turret over. Lion has cracked the base.
Yeah, nice use of the Baron there. Tia
wall goes down to join. Wait a second.
Little chunks have to be a little bit
respectful here um of Cloud9, but Lion,
they open up the base here. They do take
down the tower. Cloud9 still trying to
defend and well they're trying to catch
people on recalls. Trying to catch
people on uh on recalls here. It does
doesn't quite find it but um yeah the
cool down at the moment isn't uh that
crazy. So we'll see though. Lion
honestly right back out onto the map.
You have open top side here for
yourself. So next step is take away
jungle resources from Cloud9 while
you're waiting for the dragon to spawn.
Um that's why Cloud9 right now they're
trying to rush them down. They're like,
"Okay, you're resetting. get this stuff
fast. Get us get as much out of our
jungle before Lion get back. Uh so they
at least get their own buffs for
themselves. I believe Blabber should be
able to get the red buff for them too.
So uh that is very important once you're
past that 25minute mark because the
buffs going on to every team member is
actually fairly high combat power. Lion
though right back to pushing duty with
their baron. They get another tower and
licorice is up to the bottom side
inhibitor uh tower for himself here too.
Little side step there. Dantos was kind
of thinking he was going to run away
quicker, so that's why he led with the
Ambessa ult, but no Ambessa alult means
there's not a lot of scary stuff from
Cloud9. The Sichuani was was a bit of a
whiff. The Ambessa was a bit of a whiff
and uh they actually answer the split
push arrow to there's no way that right.
Yeah. Oh, I like the attempt though. If
it was if that does end up hitting him,
he's stunned for so long and Vulcan's
not nearby. So there's no males to
actually save him, but unfortunately
doesn't quite hit. The nice part at
least for Cloud9 is using those ultis
like they did from Blabber and Thanos.
They are both going to be ready in time
for the Drake fight, which is where the
next big confrontation should be. Less
than 1 minute on that one. Now, if Lion
gets it, that's Ocean Soul for them,
which just makes Cloud9's difficult job
that much harder. They're already down
so significantly in a matchup that I
think everybody was predicting to be
very much in their favor. Yeah,
definitely. So Lion here though showing
up so well uh and fighting their way
back through the mid game where Cloud9
had been closing it, but that fight that
pushed them over the edge and grabbing
the Baron as well for themselves. Uh
pushing their gold lead just up over 4k
in preparation for this dragon. Now
we're looking at Ash arrow ready to go.
Braum as well has everything and Braum
bring so much structure to these team
fights of Lion. So Loki and Thanoos have
to be very careful when they go for
their dives. Sometimes on on the Azir,
it's better to not even go for sweep
plays and just try and DPS from the
backline uh and play it a little bit
safer, a little bit slower. Oo, Ash
arrow dodge there. Sven able to juke it
with the uh Valk and Hannah's already
critically low on HP. Lion bungling
their engage here as Cloud9 has total
control over the pit. Ailan has already
lost his Sterox. Lion, they really
wanted to stop him. They really wanted
to try to get the soul, but all ends up
falling apart as now Licorice might just
get picked off by Thanoos. The stasis
buys him a little bit of extra time, so
Vulcan's quickness can't follow it up
properly, but the soul point is now the
status for both teams. Three Drakes to
three. Next one's got to be Soul. Oo,
what a clutch one there for Cloud9. They
get to the objective first flowers
earlier so that you're forced to come
check them. And then some fancy moves
there. Corki goes for a poke. Corki
avoids the Ash arrow attempt at his life
and even though Zven Zven has to use all
summoner spells there, they they get the
dragon. I think it is worth it to deny
dragon soul. Um they didn't get actually
money out of it um or a lot of money uh
out of it. So, we'll see because Lion's
still in a very good spot and you're
still going to have Baron to be able to
fight around in 30 seconds. So Lion
could just come back and have a big team
fight for themselves to get a number in
this game and get them right back on
track towards winning Cloud9 though. Uh
we'll see what they do. Zen's got to be
way more careful now that he has no
flash, no cleanse. It becomes so much
more difficult for him to avoid
especially the Tia rocks. uh cuz flash
is very critical in avoia combos
obviously since his uh Valk is going to
be able to stun himself over the rocks
and Saint has really been on point. So
the big worry for Lion here is you still
have mostly the Ash arrow for engage.
Vulcan is still going to male whoever it
hits. Now, you've already did the thing
earlier where you were able to set the
trap, hide around the fog, find the
surprise engage anyway, but that's one
of those tricks that really should work
just once as Cloud9 now knows you're
going to be playing for those types of
angles. So, I want to see what can Lion
find in terms of actually picking a
fight. The arrow only connects onto
Blabber. Now, the equalizer doesn't get
a whole lot of anything here for the
follow-up. Liant, this is what I was
worried about. This is what I was
talking about. They go for the engage,
but their tools are so limited that
Cloud9, as long as they're aware of
what's happening, then can fall back.
Yeah, everything's spent on Blabber now.
Cloud9 going to go for it. Oh, Vulcan
botches his own engage. The quickness
doesn't connect and now Hannah is on a
rampage. Blabber has to try to get away.
C9 just completely handed it to him. And
Lion with a kill on the jungler, a kill
on the support. Now they're going to get
a kill on their second Baron of the
game.
17-7. Lion feeling good. Cloud thought
they were safe. If there was no more
Rumble ultimate flowers and they go in
and they just get kneecapped right in
front of Baron. Boom. That is ideal for
Lion. Another fight right by the Baron.
They instantly pick it up and they're
going to push in to destroy the base.
Inhibitor here is going to fall very
quickly. They've got Saint with teleport
pushing through mid. The Tia actually is
going to go bottom side to push that
wave even quicker. Is he going to wall
towards the Azir? He's chasing Azir down
while the rest of the team ends the
game. They're going straight for the
nexus turrets. First one's already down.
The teleport's coming back from Loki to
try to defend the second. Lion's fourman
squad has taken an inhibitor, taken an
ex turret. The equalizer is already off
cooldown as they continue to force C9
back and Saints getting the wave set up
over in mid. 6 12,000 gold lead. Inhib
down. One nexus turret standing. Lion
are this close to winning game one. This
is what you want to see from the teams
that were ranked lower. These bottom
teams of the LTA rising up Flowers. Very
good game from Lion versus Cloud9 here
in the opener of this best of and with
this gold lead ballooning off that Baron
off that fight right in front. Let's
take another look at how they punish
Vulcan. So they think, oh, there's no
Rumble ultimate. It's not as dangerous.
But the Braum just queued Vulcan as he
was coming in and Henna was able to proc
it. The Braum is just so punishing
there. And since Blabber was clearing a
ward at the time and Baron, he was like,
"Whoa, bro."
Now I'm caught too. And the front line
is just instantly deleted. Really good
move there from Lion as a group. They
just collapse onto him and heads up
play. Lions was like, "Okay, Vulcan,
you're going to come straight at me. I'm
just going to queue you." That thing
stacks up and they knock him down with
that stun. And you could see a little
bit of frustration there in the player
cam. Uh obviously not for the first one.
Coach Staff R for Lion. They're
ecstatic. They are loving this. But
Vulcan recognizing, hey, that was a
pretty big blunder that might lose them
this game. But there is still one more
big fight that has to happen before Lion
can win it. The Cloud9 base is not so
decimated that you can just win based
off of minion pressure. You've still
only got the one lane of super minions
spawning. They've got the Baron for
another 45 seconds. They're going to try
to use it to force down the tier three
turret over here as Loki gets caught
out. He's instantly dead. Vulcan isn't
close enough to try to save him with the
male. The male is actually still on cool
down from earlier. And Lion with a pick
on the Cloud9 mid laner now with a 5v4
knocking on the door to the nexus
itself. The equalizer puts pressure on
this Van who has to try to Valk away.
The remaining members of Cloud9 want to
stand and fight, but Vulgan and Blab are
already down to 10% HP. A little bit
more damage will finish the job. Lion
are going to take this first game 20-7.
They're up one- nothing against
C9. Lion, they've done it. Game number
one is theirs.
20-7. It starts out with some good
skirmishing. Credit to Ailan on the Zen
in the river fight there. He flashes
over the wall. They get a couple of
kills on the top side of the map. I
thought Saint had a bunch of really good
Tia plays in the last one. You're
thinking, "Oh, he's just going to use
the Tia wall to push them off of the
tower like they did on top side." No, he
rides it all the way into Saint's face
or into Loki's face and drops his rocks
right on front of him. Beautifully done
by Lion to take this first game. Upset
expectations, but hey, NACL open
qualifier signups begin this week. With
no ELO requirement, anyone is able to
register for a chance to qualify into
the NACL. That includes you, Twitch chat
guy from earlier that was playing solo
Q. Climb your way to the top to face off
against the likes of Double Lift's team
near airport and even have a shot to
take down Disguised and make it all the
way to the LTA. For more information,
check out
x.com/watchnacl or use the QR code to
join the NACL OQ Discord. Registrations
close May 9th. That's soon. That's like
5 days from now. So, sign up today as we
head back over to the LTA lounge to
break down game one.
[Music]
Nice. Nice. Nice.
Oh, see see. Wow. This is Audie.
[Music]
Let's go, Lions.
So, three 0 start, 06 middle, current
one Z streak. Started a new streak.
Wait, what is this? That's supposed to
be a lion. I'm sorry. We're going to
move that one. We're going to move on
from that one. I just have the crab.
That looks like Flowey. It looks like
Flowey. Oh, it does look like Flowey
actually. That's terrifying. Before this
series started, I showed a bunch of
clips of how Lion had been in winning
positions. And as Raz put it, keep doing
the good stuff, stop doing the bad
stuff. And that's what they did. That's
what they did. Cuz we need to remind
people of what happened last time when
they faced off against each other,
right? Because there was a lot of
heartbreak when Lion went up against C9
and there was a bunch of blinking red HP
bars and they couldn't never get the job
done. But we are changing that today. We
are. And it starts like so many things
with C9 with blabbers crabers with
scuttle crab. That's right. Uh speaking
of blinking health bars, this is one of
the fights that kind of sets them up
pretty early on uh to be able to react a
fight over the crab.
Um, and even though I mean even though
Loki is able to get this back, the fact
that he dies off the back of this is
also really Yeah, we started a little
late in that clip, but the the fact like
if the Ambessa lands that last skill,
it's two kills in Cloud9's direction and
maybe it's a totally different game. And
then we did have some really insane
fighting by Lime for the rest of this
game. Yeah, because there are a few
times where C9 ends up getting a decent
engage. But if you're just getting stat
checked, just take a look at Henna. He
is free firing at Loki because yes, Loki
gets the first pick, but you are behind
enemy lines at that point, brother.
Watch Henna in this fight. This was the
fight where everyone on C9 just seemed
to kept flying in like, "Oh man, maybe
they're going to win the game on this
flank." But Henna just manages to avoid
every little bit of engage. First,
Ambessa al Sideep, then Azir flies in,
also backs away. He just does so well
with the flash there to just completely
stay safe this whole fight. Yeah, and we
heard the comms while we were in the
game at that point. I think their target
selection and call outs were very clean.
I made it very easy when Abessa went in.
Well, guess what? We are focus firing
you. Every bit of damage is on you.
And that's that. So, that was clean. I
remember when I got to accidentally
listening into their coms and I was
waiting for an interview cuz I like ran
in. I thought they were going to end and
then they didn't and then they did end
up ending later. Um, they're really
really focused like that and I think
they're also like that's the most
frenetic I've ever heard them. They're
also like pretty calm. You could hear it
at the end of that game as well, which
really again speaks well. And talking to
a lot of people behind the scenes too,
they are like, "No, Lion are still
pretty good." Like they've looked really
good in scrims and they've had a very
unlucky stage schedule. Yeah. I mean,
coach uh Sam from Hundred Thieves like
who was just walking right by us after
his game was talking about like line or
good in scrims and everything. People
keep talking about how solid this team
is, but the strength of schedule has not
worked well for them. This should have
been the worst part of their strength of
schedule, and they're already coming
into this series with a win. So, it's
pretty exciting to see. It's a matter of
what they can do next. You can see Lion
looking pretty calm. You can see Cloud9
all hands on deck trying to bounce back
and win the next two. They select blue
side. They were redside going into this.
So, they lose the game. They get
selection in game two. It's going to be
interesting. potentially very swingy for
this overall group. If Lion come in one
of the next two games, it'll throw
things into a lot of uncertainty. So,
game two is going to be coming up next
after the
break. Red Bull gives you wings.
[Music]
[Music]
Oh, you are.
[Music]
Are
[Music]
you
Heat. Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Applause]
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to
the LTA. We are in the middle of our
last series of the weekend here with
Lion versus Cloud9. And game number one
was certainly a surprise and a welcome
one for Lion fans as they got ahead
early and they stayed ahead. I guess I
know why Saint was so confident when I
asked him about playing versus
Loki because Saint was absolutely on
fire this game. So many big Tia plays
both with the rock stunning people um as
well as with his ultimate and Zas. Yeah,
and the zonas the uh the arm guard there
pretty clutch as well. Meanwhile, uh
Loki not having the greatest one for
himself on the Azir. uh couple of uh a
lot of early deaths and then uh unable
to clutch it when they really needed it
at the later stage uh stage team fight.
So, let's get into game number two
because remember the beginning of this
game was so hyped because of the crab
fight. Blabbers crabers did strike
again. We had that sick crab fight and
it came down to a very close uh flash uh
and a couple of hundred HP either side
and Lion were able to snowball so nicely
uh off of those early kills and and
really utilize that momentum. It did not
determine the whole game because it was
still very competitive and close from
them. You know, Cloud9 fought back. They
kind of mitigated a lot of the losses,
but that was the origins of it. Now that
we are in fearless, we get to wipe away
all of those champions. And it looks
like Cloud9 are very worried about split
push right now. Um, Lion is a team that
has utilized uh Nocturn and Rise and a
lot of long range. You know, they even
did the Noctturn plus Zerith combo for
for assassinating. I'm not saying that
one worked, but they did use it. And so
Cloud9 are scared of a lot of this long
range, you know, split push, you know,
assassination stuff. So they just, you
know what, we're taking Nocturn uh off
the table there. They also uh take off
the rise. Yeah, we might have to remake,
you know, chip or something. Or maybe
the graphic. It's all maybe it's just a
little uh you know, keep your on your
toes, Flowers. Yeah. Yeah. Just making
sure that I'm paying attention. But the
Yeah, the Noctturn, the Rise, the Jace,
another one of those split push type
champs that they want to remove from the
pool for Lion. Uh Lion, however, they
did continue banning the two perma bands
of Varys and Vi on the red side, but
they decided to let Yon slip through.
They wanted to prioritize banning the
Gwen instead. And that means C9 is fast
to lock the Yon. And Seduani is blocked
for Fearless. So at the very least,
you're not as as scared about like, oh
well, we have to steal the Seduani now
cuz it was used in the last game. So
that one's blocked out. You don't get
that mega synergy uh with the Yona. But
still uh no hesitation from Cloud9 to
slam that one. And it looks like
Licorice will just go with the general
pick here, the Renekton after the old
buffs. Uh everybody uh pretty happy with
uh slamming this one anyways. It's
always been a very good blind pick. Uh
even though you could rotate Yona, uh
we're expecting that one to still stay
mid. Yep. They'll fast lock the croc.
And the stats at the bottom there when
he got locked in 12 wins, four losses.
You like them stats? Yeah. Good numbers.
That that crocodile doing good. Those
ladders are scary. Good looking
percentages. Yeah. All right. So, they
got the Maai with it. We've got two
different pointand-click CCs. This is
some really solid setup here for Lion.
It certainly is some uh some good beef
as well. Some good front line for them.
So, seeing that meat, uh they're going
to go with some percentage HP damage.
Lilia brings a lot of that. Uh plus, you
want some AP to go with your Yona in mid
lane. So, nobrainer here for Blabber
Lilia into the Maokai into the Renekton.
Uh, and they want to get Thanos his NAR
before we go to the next uh, phase of
bands because, you know, that thing is
getting banned. I mean, you go down you
go down the list of champions that
Thanos loves the most and you're like,
whoa, Ambessa's out cuz Fearless. Uh,
Jace is banned by us and Renekton was
already taken away. Like, we need to
grab the stock. One left. Like the Nar
the Nar stocks are really, really high.
We do not want to let that get uh banned
out in the next phase. He needs
something good into the Renekton that he
is also super duper confident on. So
nice little grab there. And I like Lion
responding by picking up the Silus for
themselves here. Also saying, "Hey, we
want to lock in both of our solo lanes
too before more bands come in." Silus,
we always talk about how much he loves
defensive ultimates like Zinga who's,
you know, already banned away because of
Fearless. He loves fighting against
Allistars. But another ulti he loves is
Nar because Silus gets to mega Nar
without having to worry about the bar.
He just gets to bypass the limiting part
of the ulti and use the best part. Mega
Silus. Mega Sylus. And then does he
shout his own name when he does it as
well? Silus. Yeah, exactly. Does he also
shout Nar? Oh, that's actually a good
question. Dev team, please please tag me
on tag me on Twitter and answer that.
I'm very curious. I'm going to say he
shouts Nar because Silus is all about
like uh you know, imitating others. A
true im imitation of their their magic.
Only only the ults, but he but he fully
commits to imitating the He's He's all
the way in. He's yelling Nar when you
nar out is part of it. Well, I still
hope this What if it's like an Easter
egg? Like you know how Leona reduces
like sun damage by one or whatever if
she has Is that even No, no, it was like
had the sunglasses. Yeah, but something
like that. Some like 1% chance that
whenever he says Nar, he might yell
silus. I I hope that the Silus VA
recorded a line just for that. Okay,
let's catch up with the second half of
the draft cuz once again we're looking
for supports and AD carries in or I
should say bot laners because you can
see here that Lion ban out the Ezreal
and the Zigs expecting that to
potentially be an answer from Zven in
the bottom lane and now you've got the
Lucian and Nico banned out by C9 as Lion
lock in the Kalista. This is like that
Dignitas comp where we go as short of
range as possible. Bunch of meatball
brawlers and Kalista send it. But since
Dignitas had that longest game versus
Shopify Rebellion with this comp and
they did win, Kalista has been nerfed.
Um, so yeah, yeah, I'm a little bit
worried for Lion here, but let's uh see
what Cloud9 want to use as far as
counter engage. Whenever you're like,
you know, you see a lot of this all-in
type of uh champion select coming from
your opponents, you're thinking as much
counter-engage as possible. Lilia is
already some uh Misfortune here. It's
going to have a lot of people diving at
her. But if you can create that space,
everybody's going to be grouped up
because they are all short- range melee.
So there could be really really high
highs for a Misfortune or she just get
dumped on and
Well, she also does have her best buddy
Lilia because and Poppy's the best
buddy. That's the new best buddy. The
blocker. That's the new best. I think
that I think Poppy W is the best buddy
of all buddies in this whole game. It's
a very very good game to play the Poppy.
I absolutely agree. That's a good Yortle
right there. Yeah, that's I mean
Misfortune has a couple really good
buddies here. Poppy to protect her and
Lilia to set her up for the big bullet
time since it doesn't technically count
as a hit to wake you up from the sleep.
Very effective. And oh wow, Kobe. I
can't believe it. They locked in Ranata
Glask after Kalista. I can't believe
it's these two champions. Um
Ranata really does change the way that
some of these like shorter range kind of
all-in comps work. So, I mean it is a
clutch pick and yeah, uh that one still
being left up I think is very valuable
for Lion cuz it does allow so much more
as far as now you have to worry about
also the huge area that Ranata can sweep
by. That can be one of the longer range
answers to Misfortune. Even though
Ronald moves pretty slowly, uh you know,
you can still answer very quickly with
that. and the bailout is a dream
scenario for all those front liners,
nonsubscribers. We'll see you guys in 30
seconds. But for everybody else,
honestly, I love both support picks in
this draft. I think that what you said
is spot on. The Poppy just has so much
value against all these guys that want
to dive in on the Lion side. You can
stop Renekton. You can stop Silus.
Kalista, who just has hopping as her
passive, pretty hard to hop in Stefast
Presence. Uh-huh. Uh, I might even say
impossible. Impossible. You might have
to just auto attack and stand still.
Impossible. Hopable. Well, that's not
why. Why are you even picking Kalista?
If you're standing still, auto
attacking, what is the point of your
champion? But it looks like we're not
going to get anything. Yeah, it's just
the the meaning just evades us as we do
have it looks like pretty standard stuff
here at level one. So, while nobody's
really getting into anything wild, I do
want to talk again about Loki and Saint,
which is like our featured matchup of
this head-to-head coming into this game,
Loki has been a big performer for C9.
He's been putting up a lot of really
good performances, but in game number
one, he got outclassed by Saint that Tia
was making so many plays, so many moves,
and really doing a lot of work for Lion.
Yeah, certainly was. Uh, and you know,
the stats back up what you were talking
about. Loki had racked up some pretty
good stats heading into this match. I
think the previous weekend was
exceptionally good for him, but Saint
came out here with a grudge and he was
able to get the upper hand in the first
one. Now he's on the silus here. Uh, so
let's see how he can do. I like the
silus angle. Um, he has gone for the
grasp as well on it. So, uh, even
favoring it over that conqueror, uh, for
some extra HP stacking for some really
good lane phase trades. Um, I mean, in a
melee melee matchup here, you know, the
is definitely going to be able to stack
it up. He also has a Maokai as the
jungle, which is really easy setup. So,
Loki's going to have to be careful.
Like, there's a lot of lock down Loki's
playing into here. And his jungler,
Blabber on Lilia, has got to be focused
on farming.
Well, both of our junglers are starting
in that bottom side of the map just like
we saw last time. Now, if we go into the
rewind machine here for a second,
back to last game. We're back into the
rewind machine. In game number one, hold
on. We got to jump back into the present
time machine. Never mind. Okay, we're
down to 200 HP. It's fine. But in game
number one, when we had these bottos and
the junglers met in the top side river
and they fought with the top laners, it
was lion, lion, lion, lion, lion the
whole way. It's what got the game
started not even four minutes in. And I
think if you're Cloud9, you are
painfully aware of how bad that went
last game. Yeah, definitely agree there.
And does make the early pass. It doesn't
cost a lot of time for Maokai to do
this. So, um, you know, I am a bit of a
fan. Only problem is you're facing a
Lilia. And Blabber sees that he's like,
"Wo, Maai's already going to be
delayed." So, there's a lot of options
there for Blabber after he finishes his
own clear to go harass the Maokai or
look at some of the lane matchups.
Fortunately for Ailan, he does have some
priority in both solo lanes at the
moment that can help him deal with that.
Plus, as you see on the mini map, he has
both jungle entrances warded. So, they
are preparing for a Blabber move right
now. Yes, thank you observers. Uh
because uh they showed the Maai, but
they have preemptive wards to see where
will Blabber go afterwards. Uh top side
scuttle crab will probably be the first
stop and then after he's done with
Scuttle Crab, he'll have some options.
Okay. Okay, well that top lane is
totally dominated by Licorice right now
who does have the early push. Blabber
will hop, skip, and jump his way towards
this mid lane. Now Saint saw him on the
ward and Blabber's bowling ball just
barely hits the gutter. Yep. Hits him
with the S right afterwards. Stop in
front of him. Dodge the ball. Oh, wait.
We got bottom lane coming up. Bottom
lane coming up. Are we going to get
another blabber crab? Blabber could be
in a Bambi situation. No, he's fine.
Okay, he got both of them. He got double
crabs. You were talking about like the
unseen like little passives 1% things in
League of Legends. We have got to put
one in for our double crabs for Blabber.
Yeah. Like Blabber just has a 1% chance
to get both crabs no matter what. We we
are always uh you know blabber crabbers
right now. Let's see. Uh with this
tremendous early lead on the Lilia, he's
got the faded ashes plus the control
ward. So yeah, a little bit of extra
vision there thanks to Mr. Crab number
two. Extra cash. Crab cash. You can
transmute crabs into wards. It's
powerful magic only learnable by magical
creatures. Only learnable by the devote
Cloud9
uh acolytes. Yeah, exactly. You have to
be at least a disciple of the of
Blabbers Krabers to be able to
understand these dark magics. But back
in mid lane, Saint versus Loki here. You
can see they've both already used the
teleports to return to lane. It is a
slight HP advantage for Saint on this
Silus. Getting closer and closer to
level six though. That's where I expect
the action to break out because Yona's
ulti is super strong. And you know who
can also have Yona's ulti? Zylus. So
that's two of them. Okay, Blabber comes
to help get the push for Loki to get his
uh elite recall a little bit earlier. Um
but really I'm kind of looking at bottom
side cuz I've been I I'm a little bit of
a Kalista hater. Uh I I'll say it. Yeah,
I'm in the club with you especially
after the recent nerfs. Okay. But henna
and Lions, uh, you know, when you've got
the Ranata by your side, I think my love
of Ranata overcompensates for my dislike
of Kalista. Ah, okay. Ranata does enable
some really hype stuff with her bailout.
Like when you barely survive because of
that thing and you hang on with just a
sliver of HP and what could have been a
bad play becomes a good play. Yeah,
that's the Ranatada moment right there.
That's when the guy lock and Ranada
knows he made the right choice.
Definitely agree. Uh let me click on
Saint here and see how many grass stacks
he's actually gotten in this game. Yeah.
Um because he's constantly been going
for trades, you know, so he's getting a
a huge amount of value. Uh he's already
got 35 extra max health. Okay. Going in
again. Oh, fate sealed arrives from Loki
and Blabber's ready to follow it up.
Saint wants to get away, but Loki stands
in the way of it. Faint survives with
100 HP as Blabber puts him to sleep at
the very end, but he hits level six in
the middle of the fight. And Blabber is
first on the board. That was nice. And
every little bit of experience does
count. The crabs. The crabs right there.
First blood sponsored by Blabbers.
Crabers. Jack, drop the link for those
shirts in chat right now. A great time
to buy a shirt. Got you, Jack. Those are
those are good looking meme shirts. Uh
Blabber is able to get that first blood
transmute Saint himself into gold. Take
another look at that though. We were
talking about his grass stacks, but this
is the setup here. Loki into Blabber and
then look at the minions. He's going to
be able to clap that uh last range one
there. Gets his level six and go to
sleep under tower. Blabber uses the
flash to finish it off quite nicely. On
the other side, your uh consolation
prize is the dragon. The objective here
for Lion. Yep. So, they'll take that
first one. Hex dragon. It's one of those
that just always feels good to have no
matter what. I mean, attack speed and
ability haste. No matter what champion
or role you are, you're always just
going to get some value out of those.
So, nicely picked up there. We still
have 25 seconds until the grubs spawn.
Remember that in the previous game, Lion
had all the control at this point. And
C9 tried to make a play on Saint mid
right before the Grubs to catch him off
guard. See if maybe that could open up a
path to the grubs, but Lion shut that
down this time around. Maybe things go
the other way. Maybe it's Lion who tried
to do something because I do want to see
them try to make some proactive moves
here. We You already said they've got
the Chuck meatballs comp. So, it's time
to start chucking. All right. Well,
they're trucking their way right over to
the grubs right now. And Blabber is
going to chuck his bowling ball into
those grubs. Just toss that thing now.
Maybe we throw some saplings too here
from a land as he comes over. There we
go. All right, everybody's tossing stuff
towards the grubs. Bowling ball misses.
Rolls right by sink. Those grubs are
fast. They are running right back into
the pit now as Audan and Lions are going
to start doing the work on these two.
Remember, because of the changes to the
grubs and the fact that there's only
three of them now. Whoever gets two of
the three gets credit towards the
neutral objective feet, and you have to
have all three to summon the little void
buggies. So, nobody gets any buggies,
but it's a 2 to1 lead and a point
towards the feet for Lion with the
grubs. Oh, look at the mini map. Cloud9
are sending uh defense over. So, this is
taking so long. It might go bad for Lion
cuz Blabber is coming over and they also
have Vulcan tackles over the wall. Audi
landing lions in a bit of a bad spot
now. Licorice needs to pop the dominus
ready to join up in the fight. Vulcan
locked up, beat down. Ruthless Predator
claims a victim and Licorice makes it a
winning trade for Lion. Yeah. Okay,
never mind. It's not going to go bad for
Lion at all. That's totally fine cuz
just the Poppy goes in there early. So,
while theoretically it could be a
threeon three, realistically it was a
Poppy alone. Yeah.
taking taking a bunch of extra damage
and like Blabber was kind of close and
was kind of close but uh licorice goes
down. So turns out not anyone's best
buddy there. That was a dead fast
presence. That
was that I like that and then he was
dead. Didn't take very long. I like
that. We're we're having fun with the
game here today as Sane and Loki they're
scrapping again. Loki ready to go in
here with that soul unbound. Zane having
no mana left. That is not a happy Silus.
It's time to go home. Yeah, he's got
like a couple extra CS, but the the kill
was really painful uh when uh they
delivered the first blood over to him.
Ever since then though, uh still fine,
you know, still still remaining pretty
constant here in the mid lane. Still
stacking up his grasp. Um stacking up
that max health.
Meanwhile Meanwhile, okay, he's still at
zero mana. though. Dude, he he really
wants all these. Oh, the fate sealed.
Saint, man, we were just talking about
how this felt a little audacious and now
it's really audacious. I kind of like it
though because round one went to Saint
game number one. He blasted him, right?
Okay, so this is round two. You're
playing for the best boxing match. You
want to see this go all the way. I want
to see it go all the way. You know, we
got to get Loki's revenge first here and
set us up for round three uh in the
future. But yeah, beautiful, nice solo
kill there. Loki does punish Saint for
sticking around with the low mana, with
the low health. Goes in for it. The
ultimate finds the kill. Now he doesn't
have flash, but uh definitely worth it.
Oo. Let's take another look at how he
does it. E forward. And uh Saint's like,
you know what? I'm going to go in get
one more grass proc while I finish off
these minions. And I'm chilling now.
Minion, man. That's one minion. That
guy's worth what? 15 gold. Yeah. I mean,
we've seen people die for cannons. Yeah.
If it wasn't even a cannon. If it was a
cannon, I would understand it. That
wasn't even a melee minion. That was a
caster minion. That is worthless. No
respect for that Yona ulti. No respect
for that damage. O. Well, Saint is not
going to be able to get that one back.
Just going to have to live with it. 600
gold lead for C9. So, nothing super
crazy, but feels way better than last
game did at this point as we have 30
seconds before our next drake spawns.
still a long way off on the Herald. Lion
going to look for an opportunity to at
least put some pressure down here on
bottom lanes. Ven backs away, but it's
still going to afford Henna and Lions
enough time to take some turret plates.
Yeah, I mean, we were talking about it
earlier where Lions and Henna, they've
kept up that pressure. They are doing
the Kalista and Ranata players proud. Uh
turret plate money CS lead for
themselves. Constant pressure over to
the dragons as well. uh they can just go
over here and help Audi land out with
the objectives on top of it. So bot lane
doing their job quite nicely for Lion so
far and that will be dragon number two
and it will be objective number three
Flowers as you pointed out with the
double grub pick up. Oh yeah, that's the
first feat claimed. Okay, so Lion have
that one. We're seeing work being done
on the turret top side for C9 and the
turret bottom side for Lion, but it does
seem like still it's most damage has
been done to that bottom lane tier one
by Lion. So, if they can keep that
pressure up, they might be able to claim
that feat for themselves. Cloud9 is
closer to getting the one for kills as
Thanatos really doing a lot of damage to
Licorice here who pops the Dominus to
survive. It looked like he actually
popped it after the frenzy procked and
so it didn't get the kill, but ooh and
he even gets his recall interrupted.
Licorice being a little bit lazy on the
recall here. Come on, man. S already
made this mistake of overstaying. Do not
overstay, brother.
Yeah, he's out now. And they got uh they
got Lions on the reset, so they'll have
plenty of time to come teleport back. He
even gets the minion. So, the delay
doesn't even drop a minion. All good.
He's got his support clearing out his
vision for him. Clean up that top lane.
Uh, tidy home is a happy home, Flowers.
Yeah. Got to make sure all the dust is
out of there. Clean the cobwebs out of
the corners. Pick up all the junk on the
floor. You gonna have a much happier top
laner. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Well, if
that's the uh if that's the clean part
of the house down here in the bot lane
is about to be the party room because
these two guys never stop hanging out.
Yeah. This is this is the this room
needs a lot of work cuz these guys are
always making a mess, breaking the
furniture, knocking stuff off the walls.
It's a It's a real rowdy problem, but
that's the best kind of room to hang out
in. I agree because there's always
entertainment. And I feel like these two
are going to keep this up for probably
the most of this game. And I feel like
Saint wants a little bit of revenge. You
know, he has the flash advantage for now
from the previous time. He also knows
that that uh ward in the tri brush was
just cleared by a Poppy. So, yeah,
probably not going to go for any trades
anytime soon since we just saw that
Poppy there. But once his team gets down
here and Ailand does arrive too, he goes
for one. This is uh not a particularly
close trading pattern at this point in
time. Saint wanted to jump in, but then
Loki just smacks him around with this
completed Blade of the Ruin King feeling
real good without this has been like the
strongest dueling item in League of
Legends forever and for good reason. It
is a powerful possibility. Vulcan
showing up. Oh, a beautiful stoppage on
the chains comes out from Vulcan with a
steadfast presence. And now Loki just
runs away with a fate sealed. Vulcan
using the keeper's verdict to knock
Ailand back so he can't keep him
contained. Still flashes away from the
handshake at the very end to guarantee
they don't give anything back. And C9
are up 1 and a half thousand gold. Can
turns that one around. What I tell you,
best buddy for everybody on the map.
That puppy W.
actually had the perfect positioning,
slipping into the the lane brush. Love
lane ganks like that. Um did not expect
it on the side of Lion. And so Vulcan
comes in the hero. Meanwhile, with all
that focus on the party room flowers and
now back up in the attic, they knocked
over one of the support beams. That was
actually really clutch for Cloud9. They
took that top lane tier one turret just
faster than Lion got the tier one bottom
like I was talking about. That's the
race for the turret objectives. C9 now
the ones who get to claim the feats, the
empowered boots. And to top it all off,
they're going to grab the Herald no
contest. This early game is feeling
great for them. Yeah, they barely got
those feats just in time. That little
tower race doing it for them. So now you
get the nice fresh new cheap upgrades
for your sneakers for everybody. I love
nice, fresh, cheap shoes. That's just
let me go to the store, buy a pair of
shoes for $15. Okay. When we say cheap,
we mean the price, not the quality. The
quality is still high. Okay. But the
price is is is dropping. It's just like,
why is the price so low? The shoe is
cheap. Exactly. They're not cheap make.
They are on sale. They're name brand,
but they're just It's a It's a new
season on sale cuz they made them last
season. Oh, that all last season's
fashion, but they last year's shoe.
Okay, but it's discounted this year. All
right, I can get behind this. We're not
buying bargain bin shoes. We're just
buying shoes from last year. Uh Zven is
he's still sitting on the the brown bag
bargain. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Zven's Zven's
not doing so great in his footwear
department, but Saint's not doing so
great in the 1 v one department. Loki is
just firmly in the driver's seat right
now. And if Saint doesn't watch it, he's
about to get stuffed in the trunk.
What? Dude, he is not doing very good.
That's morbid. Yeah, they're going to
have to go bury him in the woods. Loki
is absolutely messing him up in these 1v
ons. Monka
licorice though down here in the bottom
lane against Thanotos. He's having a
similar experience. The solo laners for
Cloud9 are both winning their matchups
and winning them in a strong enough way
that Lion is going to have to start
sending some help over there as Henna
puts a lot of spears into Blabber. A
little bit more damage might just get
this done. The rend is his end as Henna
gets a kill critically there to try to
keep Lion in this game as Cloud9 keeps
building leads. I always think it's
comical when somebody pops out of the
Rift Herald and then instantly
dies like where you going Bambi get over
here. Ha chasing him down this Kalista.
You know what? Maybe I'm not that big of
a Kalista hater anymore. Anyways,
Glamber jumps in. He's like, uh-oh. Ha's
right next to me now. Ha. and was
hopping on over to the ejection site and
Blabber wanted to get his uh ulti on
two, but Hannah just finishes the job
there. Hops his way right back out even
with the Misfortune ultimate covering.
So, let's get back to live here. That
was a a short drive for disastrous
results. Blabber just drove down the
street and managed to wreck the car. I
mean, they almost caught the turret at
least. So, one more auto attack. Stick
to the crabs. No more driving. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The Herald Rift's too
big. That's like a crab that got
transformed by radiated power. Yeah,
like baroid baron void energy.
Iradiated crab and Shelly. Oh, ha in
trouble. Vulcan dives in with a
steadfast presence and Loki follows it
up with a fade sealed. Henna wants to
try to get one back onto Vulcan and use
the bailout, but he can't quite do it in
time. It's still a one forone trade as
Vulcan falls, but it's not fast enough
to save Henna. C9. They knew the Kalista
did not have the flash after he had to
use it after the earlier kill on Blabber
and they immediately jump on it. Yeah,
Henna Henna has really been pumping
though. Still gets they get one back at
least even though yeah, it is just a
support kill. But uh yeah, Henna is
really trying here for uh Lion. He is
their hope and he does actually finish
the Ragelade with uh a little bit of
extra cash there. So maybe that's the
hope, you know, continue to play around
it. You got all the meatballs, flowers
you're talking about. Group up and make
engages for Henna right now. See if you
can get chase down kills. He is the
person on two item power spike. They're
going topside with three members.
Twisted advance to lock up Loki. Follows
it up with a handshake, but where's the
damage? Saint's the only man that does
damage and he needs to do a little bit
more than he's doing right now. Saint
picks up the kill. Loki drops now. Saint
Aland and Lion's got to get away. You
could see right there that Blabber
wanted to try to use the sleep on Saint,
but the male's completed first for
Lions. Ael always talks about how much
he loves this as a first support item. I
wholeheartedly agree with him. It gives
you so much power to stop your opponents
from being able to make plays or even
counter plays like that when you're
playing versus stuff like Ash Arrow and
Lilia asleep. I 100% agree. Uh so much
value there in that rush. And I will say
even though Cloud9 still have their gold
lead, couple of picks here for Lion
really will start to add up because
they've already stacked up three
dragons. So you give them a little bit
of money, you know, you give Henna a
little bit of room to work with, that
could easily be a dragon soul very soon
for Lion. And then Cloud9 will truly be
sweating. They might already be sweating
a little bit as Lion are starting up the
Oticon though. This is definitely
dangerous. Okay, Lion are really pushing
it. Let's see if can try to stop him.
The Lilia throws the bowling ball in,
but it only finds the objective itself.
And now Licorice has been caught out in
the river. The crocodile needs to try to
get away from this. He's just
distracting C9 while the Thornbound
Onacon is claimed by Lion. Now Loki's
arrived, but he's all alone. He tries to
go after Licorice, but his fate seal
can't make it back over the wall. Loki
dies. Saint picks up the kill. Now
Vulcan goes over to try to get something
back. And the bullet time can't get any
kills. It's a disaster for Cloud9 and
Lion finds a miracle at Oticon. Lion are
going to do it again. Flowers, this is
actually crazy from them. They've got
the dragon soul point. They've got the
Oticon Flowers. They want Blabber
himself. Oh, they hit him with a
handshake. And now they got the smite
too. Hostile takeover. And that deer is
out of here. Picking up another one.
They're going to go for Danatos next.
He's got to recall. Got to get out
there. Can Licorice stop him? Okay, they
don't go up river. The rest of the team
does not chase. Thought they were going
to go for more because Lion have just
been on a tear. They're ripping Cloud9 a
new one. Kobe, I I'm looking everywhere.
I can't find Cloud9's lead. What
happened to it? It's gone. Lion stole
it. All right, let's look at this. So
many spears. The the no hesitation from
Lion is just crazy. They immediately
start the Oicon. They burn it down. They
rend it and Cloud9 are just slow to the
play. Loki teleports in. Audi land gets
in front of him so the ult does not take
him over the wall. By the time he gets
out of the CC and tries to queue over,
they already have enough damage to
finish the kill. So on top of getting
the on top of getting the empowered
pedals all cleaned up for themselves,
they also get the teleport and the life
of Loki. Look at the drop off there from
Cloud9 Blue into Lion Red here.
Beautiful stuff at Otacon for Lion. Now
with the gold dead, even the advantages
they have in terms of those dragons you
were talking about are much more of a
difference maker than money is. And Lion
is all grouped up for this 10second
drake spawn that will be ocean soul if
they secure it. That is an early Ocean
Soul. 23 minutes into the game. Cloud9
has to try to stop this. And you know,
beef balls go great with ocean soul.
I've heard Gordon Ramsay told me that
one himself. So, you got to have some
water to watch meatballs as Saints away
the fate sealed. Lot of Kalista spears
into the dragon here already. Saint
trying to do a little bit of damage to
Vulcan as the bullet time flies through.
Does a ton of damage over to Lions. Lion
scrambling to try to take the fight now
as they secure the ocean soul. Vulcan
tries to run away off to the side and
Loki is already down in the fight. Lion
staying alive. Blabber locked up in the
middle of everybody as Cloud9 completely
falls to pieces and Lion are the ones
swinging the hammer. 10 to4 game. Ocean
Soul 2,000 gold lead. Lion roar to life.
Honor Henna and Lions. Holy moly. This
bottom lane is clutch. They are carrying
it. They force the objectives. They're
going to tow tower dive Thanos. He
flashes to escape with his life flowers.
But for how long? This is crazy, man.
Cloud9 had a 2,000 gold lead for a lot
of this early game. And Lion with their
play into their beautiful soul team
fight to follow it up have just been
smacking them. Man, I I want to get some
some comms listenins uh as well from the
Lion side because this is a team that
speaks three different languages and
have been really well coordinated.
Here's another look at it. Blabber went
for the flash in for the sleep into the
misfortune combo which you were talking
about in champion select. But look at
the counter engage from Lions. They
committed to the Ren to finish the
objective and then they went for the
flash engage. So not only did they get
the dragon soul, they also win the fight
afterwards, collecting all of these
extra kills. The only one who got to sne
uh sneak away with his life was Thanoos
himself. But that is going to be enough
to push them over the edge cuz now you
have all of this healing from the ocean
soul to just drive forward for this Lion
squad. And they can continue to force on
objectives. Baron is going to be up in
only 4 seconds. They can start it and
turn as many times as they want. With
the ocean soul healing, they will take
zero damage from Baron. So you just put
a Maai sapling in every brush that leads
up to Baron. Start it over and over
again. And then if they come close, you
just Maokai ult and Silus and look for
the turn. And earlier on, you were
talking about Saint probably wants his
revenge. He got it in that soul fight
with his stolen fate sealed. He managed
to jump onto Loki and blow him up. He
died with the actual Yona ulti still
ready to be cast. He never got to use a
single spell in that fight. Incredible
stuff from Lion as now they are starting
up that Baron. The ocean soul's going to
make it not a problem whatsoever.
Licorice. He's not winning the 1 v one
against Thanotos down here in the bottom
lane, but he doesn't have to. He just
has to keep track of him and be ready to
teleport if needed as C9 squares up and
gets ready to try to challenge here for
the Baron. Licorice knocked out of the
fight here by the keeper's verdict as
Audi land. Oh, the objective body. It's
Loki stealing it away. You got to be
kidding me. A land mist times the smite
and C9 are looking to maybe find an
angle back into the game. Now Loki wants
the outplay against Saint Henna shows up
in time to guarantee it won't happen,
but that is a massive blunder from Ailan
and Lion. Holy moly. Okay, so Ren and
Smite are not macroed together. No. So
you still have to coordinate it. Insane.
Loki Loki just sneaks in there like he
actually just gets I We got to take
another look where it's an auto or a Q,
but Loki over the back of the pit. Take
a look at the split on the damage cuz
there is a live, you know, towers going
down at the moment, but it already got
rendered. He ulted through. Oh, wow. It
got rendered from 3,300 down to like
1,800. Then DPS to,300. Smoke down to
100 and Yon's Omayamu Shindu just
immediately kills it. That is crazy. All
right, anyways. Okay, we're back in the
game. Lion still has a lead, but C9's
got Baron for the next 2 minutes. So,
does Loki then get the upper hand in the
last lap now? Cuz he just was able to
steal steal Baron there with the Yona
and kind of clutch a possible comeback
angle for Cloud9. I'll still say Lion
with their Ocean Soul feeling very very
good. But now we are uh we're in for
some possible moves from Cloud9. I mean
they are scaling up quite nicely for
themselves too. Let's see about it. Nar
if they can get him back out to the side
lane. Um Dantos Okay, now he finishes
the Wits End. Okay, he's he's very
strong against Licorice's Renekton in
the 1 v one. Thanoos is getting the
better of him in the trades. One
important thing to also note with these
timers, C9's got Baron for the next
minute. Elder Dragon spawns in a minute
and a half. So C9 has the tools to
control the rift and control the waves
up until that objective is about to
spawn. So theoretically they should have
control over the pit if they want that.
And they should want that. Just for
clarification. In theory. For
clarification. In theory they should
want that. All right. Slowly move up.
Mount Kai saplings brush by brush. All
right, Lion's ready to face check. Eats
a little bit of damage from the bowling
ball, but honestly, nothing really
serious. Vulcan just trying to maintain
enough position to see what Lion are
doing as they make their approach. 1
minute until the Elder Dragon. C9 just
continuing to try to apply some pressure
to mid and bot wave at the same time.
Loki, the one pushing up down here as
Audi lands swooping around to try to cut
him off, but he can't make it down to
where the soul was placed in time. Loki
recognizes, hey, this is not a good
sign. I've got to back out of here. And
now only 30 seconds left until we get
that elder dragon. Thanoos goes in for
the megaar play onto Audi land. They
want to go after the enemy jungler to
try to secure the elder. Meanwhile, they
try to use Loki to grab the engage here
onto Hannah and Lion's off to the side.
Hannah's going to be in some trouble.
Tries to use the cleanse getting himself
away. Wants to fight back onto Blaver as
the redemption comes down. Lion looking
to keep his AD carry alive, but Vulcan
jumps in here with the steps present.
Stain is already dominating though. And
Zven is already down. Both AD carries
out of the picture. Loki tries to go
solo bound to get away, but Licorice
with the flash over the wall. A ruthless
Predator finds another kill. Blabber and
Vulcan trying to escape the Renekton as
Thanoos does his best on the back end of
the fight dealing with Aland and Lions
who just try to control the C9 top
laner. Sink ready to rejoin the fight as
Aland jumps over the wall with Twisted
Advance and Blabber is down. Thanoos and
Vulcan on the run. Lion on the hunt.
Thanos tries to escape, but the slice
into the stun is ready to lock him up
yet again. And Audi lands Twisted
Advance chases him down. Ster Gage will
buy more time. Licorice gets a slice and
a dice. And it feels so nice. Licorice
goes on a rampage. Saint goes for the
enemy base. And only Vulcan's left
standing. And that's got to be Elder
Dragon for Lion. The Ocean Soul doing so
much work. Flowers. They healed over and
over and over in the long chase. Even
though Henna goes down, Lion will be
triumphant. They take the mid tower.
They take the Elder Dragon. And Saint's
even going to yoink your red buff. What
a game from Lion. What a series from
Lion. I cannot praise this performance
enough. Saint just needs a little Is
Vulcan going to steal it with a Poppy
punch? Okay. Yeah, he does. That's fine.
That's fine. Everything before that was
so great for Lion. Let's take another
look at it. Yeah, I'll let you have that
one. Fine. You can keep your own red
buff. Here's another look at it. Gets so
split because initially Cloud9 are
trying to group onto Audi land and then
Henna and Lions were following the play.
So they kind of get caught on the back
side and Henna here fights his way out.
Lion tries to provide as much support
over the wall as he possibly can, but
with the flash through Blabber and
Vulcan are able to finish him off, but
the other side of the screen Flowers is
where Lion decimated the rest of Cloud9
while all that was going on. And with
the Ocean Soul, they're able to survive
long enough. They go for the chase.
Saint wraps around the red buff. So when
Blabber tries to chase Licorice a little
too far, he just goes back in for the
stun. Then Audi land over the wall.
Saint from the other side of the jungle
and they're able to get the mega buff.
That is Elder Dragon. Maybe we can steal
Baron again.
Yeah, that's the hope. Maybe we can
steal Baron again. Maybe we can just
steal something again. That's pretty
much it, man. Because Lion with the
Elder have made their way into the enemy
base. That first inhibitor is going to
fall in mid lane and Licorice has the
wave ready to push up bottom. Now at
least they don't have Baron. So the wave
can be cleared pretty easily. Vulcan
though caught up a little bit as Aland
tries to provide the CC so they can get
the kill. Hostile takeover, forcing the
rest of C9 back and C9 are now staring
down the barrel of a 4v5 of an elder
dragon team for the next 55 seconds
still. Lion have knocked down two
inhibitors and they're ready to keep
going. Sane has stolen away the megaar
ulti. He slams Thanos's ven back into
the nexus itself as licorice is going to
be shredded by the bullet time and Saint
uses the zonas to immune it. Lion
continue their push and C9 have lost
their mid laner. The Elder Dragon doing
a lot of work as Saint will finally die.
Lion have gone too far as their support
will now fall as well. Thanos should be
able to pick that one up. No bail out.
No way. Lion will crack a couple of
inhibitors. They will take a single nex
turret, but it will cost them so much.
Hannah wants to try to turn it around
onto Thanos to the outer dragon.
Execution, but the Megaar transformation
keeps him going. And C9 are now
barreling down mid lane. Henna is the
only one left alive. Blabber might just
be able to kill him, but he can't quite
find the damage. The damage over time
isn't enough. They don't have to steal
Baron now cuz C9 just earned it. Yeah,
they earned it. They defend their base.
The remnants there under the nexus tower
flowers. Baron will be their prize.
Objective bounty shutdown will further
cut down on this gold lead. And Cloud9
still live. What a game we are getting
here in game number two of this series.
C9 secure the Baron but at the cost of
bottom lane inhibitor, mid lane
inhibitor, and one nexus turret. LTA is
just bangers all day. Flowers all day,
every day. All day, every day. We're
inside the base. Lion are like, "You
know what? I don't care. 4v5. We've got
the Elder Dragon buff and we have the
Ocean Soul." So they thought for sure we
can just keep fighting. They finish up
that bottom inhibitor. Finally, they get
Saint to rejoin here. They've got all
five members grouped up and they go for
the dive. Saint leads the way to their
doom. It is the counter of the
misfortune
ult. They can't recover their fight from
it. If you count how many tower shots
Cloud9 took in or Lion took in this
sequence counting that inhibitor turret
at the very beginning, it'd be double
digits. They did so much damage from
that plus the Misfortune ultimate cover
from Yeah, it's a little bit of a head
scratcher. Oopsies. We might have done
We might have gotten a little too hyped
with our lead uh with the Elder Dragon
buff, with the Ocean Soul buff. Uh but
now Cloud9 with the Baron buff. Let's
see if they can do it again. Can they
defend? Okay, Vulcan finds a slam onto
AI land, but he immediately jumps in
with a twisted advance. Keepers verdict,
though launches a Saint right back out.
Hostile takeover finds Vulcan, but Lion
using some tools here without finding
any great advantages. Blabber chasing
after licorice. Lion just trying to
continue to scrap as a land goes
forward. He wanted to find Zven, but he
can't quite do it. Now he's drowsy, but
the redemption looking to heal him up as
Lion is going to get popped by the
bullet at times. Van is shredding health
bars right now. Lion makes a
counterattack and they'll kill Loki.
It's a one for one, and Lion's not done.
In the back line goes on. He land. He
wants FA but he won't find him. Cloud
just got everybody.
Go Nex. Go Baron. Go go go go go Nex go
for the end. Cloud9 did it again. They
defended and they will storm back over
Summoner's Rift to push us through. They
came to Wait a second. Wait. No minions.
Oh, there they are. There they are.
Minions. Minions have arrived. The
minions are in the enemy base. C9 should
be able to Okay. Okay. Okay. All right.
I thought we were about to have a fly
quest Team Liquid moment here for a
second. 10 seconds on Lions. What is
your faith in just a Ranatada to be able
TP's coming back now? Thanos cleared the
wave. So now he's ready to join.
Ranatada. Ranata, you have to pull off
the most amazing play of all time right
now. But it's not going to happen.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are going to a
game number
three. Not even close, baby. Wow. What a
series. What a series. This man is
cracking up, tripping over himself as
they exit the arena. What a series we
have on our hands here. Lion are showing
up so well versus what came out of the
first round of this split of the LTA as
rank one. Cloud9 were at the top of the
charts. Lion are pushing them to the
edge. And now we get our final save
flowers. A game number three to top off
our great weekend of League of Legends.
This has been one of my favorite series
here in the LTA all year. What's up?
This is great. If you're not tuned in
right now, I don't know how this message
is reaching you, but you should be tuned
in right now. I am having the time of my
life with this series here. C9 versus
Lion. It's going to be going to game
number three, and it's going to be going
there right after the break. Don't you
go anywhere. Game three.
[Music]
Yeah, kind of flash. I'm holding both.
I'm holding both from base, guys. Yeah.
Try slow in
base. Yeah.
Slowly now coming right here. Yeah.
Close to me. Yeah. Kill someone. Kill
someone. Kill someone. Nice. Nice. Nice.
Can we win? We end. We in. Yeah. 40
seconds. Okay.
[Applause]
So don't tell me
[Music]
about Feel like
[Music]
touch wasted. You make it down so you
can show
you. Now I
know you tell me about
[Music]
We show you
[Music]
I know tears. There's no excuses.
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat. N.
[Music]
What? What? Can we do rear be faster?
Hey guys, it's Blabber here and today
I'll be one v oneing Thanoos, uh, my top
winner. And yeah, it's just the normal
Howling Abyss 1 v one rules. Uh first
100 CS first to first blood or first
tower and yeah we'll be one v one
winning in the mid lane and we'll decide
our champs now. Yeah. You want to play
same champion or different matchup? Uh
same champion is boring bro. Okay. You
can play a Okay, I play. Yeah, you're
one trade. I'm one trade. You want to
play Silus? Your Silus is good. You said
you think so? Well, I can play Silus. Um
okay, you can play Silus. I can play
Akali. Okay, let's go. Yeah, let's go.
Hey, I have TP.
What? What? Uh,
okay. Uh, is
Oh, you're both playing that. Yeah.
Oh, you go for me. Run. Run.
Hey.
Auto. Oh, I can't even auto. I can't
even auto. Hey, hey, hey. Don't kill me.
Okay. Okay. Moving. I don't know what
happened this spacing. Can we do we bit
faster?
Okay. I changed. Yeah, I think so. It's
too slow. Okay, here we go. Okay. Okay,
now play over. Yeah, now play. Okay,
let's go. Run. You hit me. Oh, no
way. What? Oh, I'm dead.
No. Ah.
Oh, sorry. I use ignite. It's okay. I'm
going to level up. So, we save. Hey, I
need to level up or I'm going to die
again. Okay. Okay. Okay. We go fast.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I don't
level. Okay. I'm coming. Sounds good.
What
the? I can't even use my spell, by the
way. Oh, I use
minion. How can I focus, by the way?
I can't focus, by the way. I
agree. Oh,
I keep hitting minion.
Oh. Oh, he got
me. Dude, I W M like four times. By the
way, thanks for watching. It turns out
that my top ler is in fact better than
me at late. Uh I was surprised by that
personally. I thought I would win. Um
but uh thanks for watching guys.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Welcome back to the LTA North Lounge.
What happened in that game? That's a
good question because not only we're
going to we're going to show the two
base defenses by C9 against Lion against
an ocean soul line. Remember this is
also after Yona stole Baron from Kalista
Maokai. They take an unimaginable amount
of turret shots as they're trying to
dive with Elder. Also, we just went from
a content piece of blabber ining on
Silus into Saint now full sending on
Silus when his team is not there. I just
want to point that out. Make it very
clear because then like the MF ulti just
layers on top of them while Hannah was
not even able to really auto and so
you've now lost a few team members. you
just been pushed out of the base
completely. And you're right, tower
shots did not help. It's such a tilter.
I think if they actually just play that
slow, I feel like because they had elder
and soul, I think they just thought it
was over and they were potentially KDA
farming. Uh and then by this point,
because the objective bounty's been
given over, the game is actually kind of
close because of items, but Lion's still
playing extremely aggressive and they
just get wiped in this next fight.
Zven's positioning here to me was
awesome. The Megaar straight into the MF
combo for me was it. Yeah. Ooh. Oh,
there we go. I was going to say I was
waiting for it cuz Thanos is the game
changer in this particular fight for me,
even with Lion going so deep. Yeah,
that's really what sets up everything.
And that C9 knew that he was so close to
Megaar as well. So, that's something
that Lion really should have been
watching out for and like just taking a
step back and
maybe the tilt is very real. You can see
it from the players, but also throughout
the game, you saw it from the coach.
Like coach Keem was very tilted as I was
walking back cuz I was like pacing back
and forth thinking I was going to be
doing a winners interview into coming
right back and be like walking past Keem
who was clearly tilted uh about the team
not being able to end it when it was
just what looked clearly like a 20. It
was a 2. Can they reset is the real
question. No,
that's it. Really, really depends. I
feel like it's going to hinge on what
happens in the early game because we did
see this happen in a 100 Thieves match
against TL before. Yeah. And they
actually were able to regroup and win.
So Oh, I mean smiles. I smiling. We're
seeing smiles. That's the only thing you
can really do after after a loss like
that. I mean, they have I'm just saying
it's possible. Smiling through the pain.
They're going for the three 0. They're
going for the three 0. Currently, the
official score is 1-1. So, let's see if
Lion has that type of 20 to 3 0
confidence as we send it to Flowers to
get us into the third and final game.
How tilted would you be? Very tilted.
Insanely tilted. Chad, thank you very
much. Lounge and welcome back, ladies
and gentlemen, to what has turned into,
I think, the most fun I have had with a
domestic North American series of League
of Legends in a long time. Hell yeah,
brother. Pure good stuff, man. That last
game was madness. It was insanity. It
was cinema. And I can only hope that the
sequel here in game three will be even
better. Let's get into it. Lion is back
on the blue side. We have 10 more bands
thanks to Fearless, Ezreal, Gwen, and
Scion banned out by Lion. Meanwhile, C9
keeps up the red side traditions. It's
Varys and Vi taken away. Okay, so the
whole series, no Ezreal Varys. I like
that. That's That's the good stuff, sir.
Let's see. You better believe it. What's
the final ban here then? Are they are
worried about anything else uh from
Saint
taking their time? Because now Thanos is
definitely someone that people have
talked about in Fearless that they are a
little bit worried about cuz he's so
good on a fairly concentrated pool of
champions. And so they're hesitating on
the J spin a little bit, but I think
they knew if they left it up then Lion
would probably take it away. and like
there's no way Lion are going to let
Thanoos have that this time around. So,
he is going to get pushed a little bit
deeper thankfully for Cloud9 and Thanos.
I mean, he could go super deep and go
all the way to red five and get the
counter pick um with something spicy
that he's been cooking up. But all of
the other stuff that he usually takes
already off the board. Speaking of
spicy, you know what I like Kobe? Spicy
hot dog. I hope that that's exactly what
we're getting here in this one as Lion
will lock in the Nefuri for Audi land
here. And it is a flex pick because
Licorice also played it in the top lane
already. Yeah. Okay. They can get you
with the sneaky spicy hot dog. Yeah,
that's a double spicy hot dog. There's
all kinds of toppings on that thing. I
would say I maybe I don't recommend that
top lane one as much, but stomach ache
afterwards. Yeah, it's there. You know,
it's one of the options on the menu.
Maybe not maybe not as good as the
jungle dog. Now over on the other side,
the answer to the dog is the Scorpion.
So Scarnner locked in here for Blabber.
I don't assume we're going to flex
Scarnner anywhere else. That hasn't
really been popular since he first got
on that. Yeah, we can we can leave
Scarnner in the jungle. And they'll also
immediately pick up the Allistar here
for Vulcan. Yeah, Vulcan. I mean,
honestly, this is one of the champions
that he he's honestly iconic with. So,
let's see if Vulcan can be a difference
maker. I will say that Henna and Lions
for the majority of that previous game
did so well. Like they were crushing it.
They got Lion uh into the point where
they almost won the game even um off of
very good Kalista and Ranata play. But
we're in a new game, new territory here.
So, what are they going to play into all
this front line that Cloud9 have? Cloud9
with their first two picks might be some
of the lowest damage and highest CC
champions that you can have in the
entire game. And so they're going to go
with a very stable Victor for mid lane
here for Saint after a lot of the more
volatile picks are already off the board
because of Fearless, right? Uh he feels
like versus Loki um you know and since
Yona is gone, since silus is gone, since
all this is gone, it's just going to be
a control matchup. So, I'm fine, you
know, either side of it and it is
answered there. Yeah, we're just going
to get the Hay versus the Victor, which
is uh honestly after those last Hay
buffs, you know, very comparable uh in
my mind. I slightly prefer a Victor
nowadays, but it's much more competitive
now with uh with Hay. And there's been a
couple Victors already so far in LTA,
but you could see when Loki locked that
in. 0% presence in the drafts thus far
this split. He's had no picks, no bans
yet. So Loki's going to be the first
pilot here on the Hay. And now for the
third game of three. The roles drafted
in the first three picks, assuming the
Fury is not going top are identical.
It's mid support jungle this time. So
top laners and AD carries or bot laners
I should say again as the Zigs ban
remains constant like it was in the last
game are going to be the targets. Now
Lucian continues to be banned in the
second half of the draft as well. Let's
see if C9 wants to look at that top lane
pool at all or if they just want to
continue focusing on the marksman types.
No, they are going to switch it up.
Banning away the jacks from licorice and
yeah, so we expect just the AD pick here
for Cloud9 so that Thanotos can have his
counter pick. Yep. Um you know that that
hides things like ooh does San Thanos
want to do a Camille or an AOX or
whatever into Licorice shows. So whether
Licorice shows tank or a little bit more
um you know aggressive top lane pick
that will determine the type of counter
from Thanos. Meanwhile, we expect let's
see here. We are kind of deep on this AD
carries now too.
I like the Zia ban as well from Lion
since you already have the dog and the
dog needs to get a reset when she dives
in. I like getting rid of the Z and I
feel like wa Oh, we're going to show the
Camille early. Okay, so Camil was one of
the ones I was listening cuz cuz it was
going to be a little bit more dangerous,
but they're actually going to hide the
AD pick. I'm very confused. They think I
think they want to see where is Kai'Sa
going to go like are you going to pick
Kai'Sa? Because then we'll try and lane
stomp you. If you don't pick it now,
they'll evaluate. Oh, do we want to be
the ones uh on that side of it? And L
say you know what, we're going to forego
this Kai'Sa question alto together. Get
our Jin. We have plenty of damage
already showing because we're flexing
this uh Nefiri up to top lane. Well,
honestly, they could switch the Wukong,
too. Either one of them could go in
either play. I I think I think Nefiri is
better for Camille. Uh playing into
Camille, but Wukong's clone is also
pretty nice for it, but I think I I
think we might get the swap again for
Licorice. Okay, he's sitting on Wukong
for now. The clone the clone interaction
is definitely very uh favorable for the
Wukong, so we'll see about that. but it
ends up being civer farm on the bottom
side of the map. So, a lot of farming
focus for the side of Cloud9 this time
around. Okay, so it's not going to be
nearly as much early playmaking for this
Cloud9 lineup. Maybe we're probably
spoiled by that last game. Maybe we need
to take some deep breaths and calm down
a little bit for the beginning of this
game. Yeah, the last game was crazy. Uh
this one I definitely do expect way more
uh farming early. uh you know maybe the
Jin and Nautilus can like set something
up for Nefiri going around but yeah I
definitely expect this one to be a lot
more calm in the opening uh for both
sides honestly maybe there's some angles
for Lion you Nefiri can always go for
invades especially if if you have
pushing lanes and a Jin Nautilus lane
always has plenty of CC and setup for
you so all right nonsubscribers we'll
see you in 30 seconds but for everybody
else Kobe I am also loving the fact that
both teams have some Pretty powerful
engage mechanisms here. Wukong and
Nautilus for the side of Lion with Jyn
there to follow it up with a deadly
flourish. And over on C9, Camille,
Allistar, Scarnner all capable of
setting up plays. That means if either
one of these teams is hungry for
violence, and they have been so far this
series, they should be able to sate that
appetite. Yeah, definitely looking
forward to it. I think we'll be tracking
Audi land very closely on the nefari
early cuz I think he's going to have a
few more options. Okay. Um I mean
Blabber could I guess um you know go for
something uh with like at the most
versus Wukong you're probably just
getting flash and you don't want to
spend like a lot of time. So definitely
expect just full clears from both
junglers for sure. then maybe looking
for something after scuttle crab, but
probably not investing too much time at
all so you can keep your farm up um just
fine. Sven and Vulcan, especially the
the Civer and the Allistar is mega
focused on farm. Uh similar for mid
lane.
And you know what? Honestly, I know we
were giving them a lot of props last
game, but I really just want to make
sure that again we're praising Henna and
Lions because not only are they having
these strong performances, they're doing
it against Ven and Vulcan who have been
like a top duo, if not the top duo in
bot lane in recent play here in the LTA.
So, it's not like you're just popping
off against like a lower tier team and
you're kind of like making yourself feel
good, getting the warm-up in. No, this
is the real deal. They're going round
for round with some top contenders in
the bot lane and they're looking good
doing it. They certainly are and they
don't waste any time getting right back
into it. They trade aftershocks.
Slightly more favorable for Henna and
Lions there on the health
trade. All right, they'll take the early
control over the lane. Ooh, the ward
kill. That's Yeah, I like that. I like
that. Sometimes ward kills can be a
little tricky with Jyn because of his
slow gun. Nautilus had it covered
though. No problem. He'll pick up the
extra auto. You remember back when the
control warts had five hits on them and
then when they changed it to four, the
Jin players all rejoiced.
That was different time. Classic the
super invested Lions. That was that was
a little close there. That was a little
dicey. Getting close to the tower. Yeah,
I I like to live dangerously too. Yeah,
he's so does Lions right there on the
edge. Right there on the edge as
Licorice just uh going down. places a
ward in the tri brush there as he is
shoved up early in this lane. Wants to
make sure he's not giving a free angle
over to Blabber. It is so easy for
Scarnner to find these creative angles
to into the lanes because Estall impact
allows him to dig through the wall. Um
honestly though, nothing too wild
happening in any of the lanes. A little
bit of trading back and forth for both
of the solos as Licorice just wants to
keep grabbing these snappy trades
against Thanotos. Yeah, stack up your
passive, get your grass proc. Um, clone
out if you are worried about the sweet
spot of the W sweep. Um, I mean the
clone the clone is just so good. You
wish it was still the old super short
cool down so you can try and use it on
everything if Camille tries to go for
sweeps if she tries to go for stuns. But
um, uh, easily continue to utilize that
regen, utilize that push for yourself up
here. And it's nice. Another nice little
grass trade for himself as well. Plus,
we've got the Nefiri ending top side.
Meanwhile, Scarnner ends on a bottom
side, so they know they have the
difference in jungle pressures, but like
I said, probably neither jungler or
waste too much time afterwards. Yeah,
could be like a quick little look and
then go into your second clear again.
Yeah, body land is heading up. It It is
the hot dog important. Yeah. Okay. So he
thought about it is like there's
options, but when the Camille still has
flash, then the flash outplays with your
hook shot and stunning someone under
tower is really annoying. Even though
Nefari has the greatest button of all
time, tower dives, that's a really good
button with the uh newly improved W.
Yeah, the the Hound's Pursuit is pretty
strong for a basic ability. Very very
potent. They nerfed it uh on this batch.
So I'm I was pretty happy with you know
reducing the cool or not reducing the
cool increasing the cool down. If they
reduced the cool down on that I'd be
like freak we got to get freak on the
phone. Yeah, wait a second. Um yeah,
increasing it a significant amount. So
that was quite good. But yeah, just
right into the second clears for
junglers. Um we do have a little bit of
an opening with support roam timers, but
uh just the raptor ward uh figured out
there. So does give them a little bit of
an alert that Nautilus will be away for
now and efficient control ward,
defensive control ward dropped off since
yeah, most of it is going to be focused
on a lot of farming here in the early
stages. Well, our first drake is
spawning in 10 seconds. It is a chem
drake. Poor Chem Drake drake, the least
popular of all of the flying lizards on
Summoner's Rift. Nobody really likes to
hang out with him, so usually going to
be lower priority. Ailan waiting inside
the brush. Uses the hounds pursuit
immediately just for the extra speed.
Deadly flourish finds Vulcan. Lions
wants to go in with the dredge line, but
I believe it caught the terrain at the
very edge instead of grabbing Vulcan
himself. So Ailan essentially just gets
a quick trade against Vven and Vulcan,
but really doesn't even get that much of
their health. And now Blabber's taking
the opportunity to go ahead and start up
the drake. He is doing it on a ward,
however. So Lion has knowledge on this
as the trades continue in the 2v2 bottom
side. Again, pretty even. Blabber just
dragging that drake out of the pit so
that his bottom lane can come up and
easily assist him and they still have a
way out if they need it. And it looks
like they're going to take that exit
now. Yeah, nobody has like a big health
bleed to force this thing through. I
think it was good peel from Vulcan, you
know, good allar Q create that
distance fishing around, but since you
have vision, just a little vision check,
okay, you know, uh you've got a ward
inside dragon pit and they can just back
off cuz the fury uh can definitely do
some good poke damage. And uh nobody
wants a further scrap. So back to the
farm that we were anticipating flowers.
You know, we got our little calm down
zen moments uh after the exciting
previous one. So yeah, it does uh
connect and
then he's able to peel but uh cuz he's a
little edge of the wall right there and
then nice little Q for himself too.
Everybody backs off. Couple of
aftershocks procked. No harm, no foul.
Yep. Good job observers. Thank you all
for pointing out that the dredge line
did indeed find the cow.
Yeah, 6 minutes into the game. Licorice
going in for the big engage. Interrupts
the hook shot to force the flash out of
Thanoos. Nice timing there on the second
cyclone. And honestly too, they've got
more people. Yeah, they're bringing
Lions in to just tank the turret. He can
only take one more shot and he has to
back away now. A land using the Hounds
Pursuit to dodge the follow-up hit.
Thanos still trying to escape. Audi has
his flash. Thanos does not. But
honestly, that was a little bungled
there from Lion's side. Yeah, I think
definitely could have been better. Um,
obviously Thanos did play it really
nicely and the procing the passive
shield there. Nice little timing window
for him. Utilizes his flash. Uh, so
there he is able to escape with his
life. Uh, small little window for Lion.
It's going to cost you as well since
everybody showed up on top side of the
map. Blabber does not hesitate. He will
take the dragon off the other side of
the map. So, Thanoos absorbs the
pressure. Hurts a little bit to lose the
minion wave, but your team does get
stinky little dragon. Yeah. Good old
fart dragon. Got him right in the back
pocket having a great time. And you say
it hurts a bit to lose the minion wave.
You know what hurts more? To be dead.
Yeah. Yeah. So, honestly, given the two
choices, you want the the the red pill
or the dead pill. Well, I want to take
the red one. That's the one that takes
me back to the base. And then that one
makes the team happy, too. Yeah. cuz
then nobody's got to flame you. Nobody's
got to be like, "Hey man, what are you
do?" No question mark pings. Yeah, the
fewer question mark pings in my games,
the better. I find that the difficulty
of the game increases directly with the
number of question mark pings my team is
using. Yeah, I 100% agree. Your uh
stress levels just rise as soon as you
hear that uh cheerful little ping. Uh
regardless, Blabber stays focused on the
objectives, so he is just going to chain
them right together. up dragon right
into grubs. So, Thanoos absorption on
the top side does wonders for Cloud9.
Couple of early buffs for themselves.
Meanwhile, Ailand will be on the bottom
side again. So, Nefury here probably
just going to take another look for it.
Ooh, nice escape there from Henna
flashing out as now to the Nefury in the
bottom lane. Vulcan is already down. A
land goes in for the reset. Sven absorbs
the first hit there with the spell
shield. The curtain call fires out. They
need that fourth shot to connect. Sven
dodges away from it and Aland still
wants a little bit more damage. The
deadly flourish isn't there but the dog
is hungry and it's another kill over
Lion and Aland. Loki wanted to snipe
down the nefari there with the severing
bolt now flashing over the wall to
guarantee the kill and the shut down. So
Cloud9 gets one back. All right, exactly
what we're looking for. Utilize that
Nautilus, that Jin, the CC, the chase
down a land does get it, but Loki
answering might be problematic for
later. He did invest his flash to do it.
So, it might be an opening towards mid
lane that Lion can try and punish later.
Mhm. Um, but we'll see about that
investment because it remains fairly
stable. Not a huge bit of movement as
far as the direction that the game is
still going to go. It's still going to
be fairly farm focused. Uh, although now
with all these flashes down, we might
have some opportunities arising for us.
Flabber of course on the Scarnner is who
I'm looking at since he has flash. Even
though it's not like old Scarnner, uh,
old Scarnner flash crazy. Old Scarer
flash is crazy, but new Scarflies are
really good, too, because you can just
flash towards like a Jin or something
that has no mobility. And they can't
really get away from you. You just sting
them. Yeah, you can do you can do the
ult or you can do the ease into the wall
into the ult, or you like you can do
either one first. You got lots of
choices. Ult to ease or ease into ults.
Uh either one will be made uh
successful. Okay, clone is down and
Blabber is here, but he just cleared the
ward. So Licorice knows he will back
off. Yeah, look. Or maybe he's waiting
inside this brush that is warded.
Recalling on that. Okay, never mind.
He's just far enough away. So like,
yeah, you kind of know I could get away.
Little doggy could be here for a counter
gank. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. What if What
if the bamboozle is being bamboozled?
That's That's what you got to worry
about. I don't want to be the bamboo
bamboozled. You want to be the
bamboozler. Exactly. You always want to
be the bamboozler. You do not want to be
on the receiving end of the bamboozle as
Licorice right back into the lane. Going
to keep pushing up. Thanoos going to
take his opportunity to use the teleport
to return here as the wave crashes. He
loses a single melee minion. So really
not feeling too bad about that one.
Licorice still does have his teleport to
return. Just following that general.
Hold on. Never mind. Saints in some
trouble with the spiraling despair.
Vulcan wants to follow it up but can't
quite get the distance he needs with the
hex flash. If he can hit that headbutt
pole, knock him up into the air. Loki
follows it up with severing bolt.
There's actually like a very high chance
of getting a kill, but since Saint has
enough distance, he's fine. Heads back
to base. Some good mechanics uh on the
other side of the map. On both sides,
too. We got to see the uh Wukong clone
interaction with the Camille E. Very
easy answer from Licorice. Uh this time
though, got to be snappy about it. Y
quick on those fingers. Got to be fast.
He was too close to the wall. She just
jumped in. She's so close. The rubber
bands super fast. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Got
to be worried about that. Thank you for
observers for catching both. You know,
we saw the successful one earlier. Then
we see that one as well. Still going for
the grass procs. Uh trading pretty
evenly honestly up there with the
sustain wars. That was a good one. He
was able to block it pretty well that
time.
Um he has 50 extra HP max for Thanoos
and Licorice is sitting
on 135 extra max HP. He is a blasting.
So, Wukong, your stick gets bigger when
you quue. And so, Wukong Y can always
like cue these grass procs and it's just
not a fair grasp fight in the in the top
lane. And so, you know, he gets to like
back off with clones. He gets to get
extra long extended grasp proc trades
and licorice is utilizing that very
effectively. Wukong value. It's also
really easy for him to farm turret
plates. You just get close enough for
the demolish to tick down. All of a
sudden, big stick. You get paid. Easy
money. Cash stick. The money stick.
I swing the stick and I get money. But
the dragon, he's coming down for the
dragon. He's bringing the money stick to
the dragon. All right, the money stick
is looking to turn C9 into piñatas as
they have to try to back up a little bit
now. They started the drake up, but Lion
is sending the full squad down here to
contest drake number two. And it looks
like C9's going to decide, "All right,
we saw the money stick. We don't want to
have anything to do with this anymore."
So Audan will pick this one up. Tie the
Drakes up one to one. That's what they
say. Carry a big money stick. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Lame softly and carry a big
money stick. There you go. Okay. All you
got to do is walk close.
They get scared. Okay, so Licorice has
made his way back up the top. And
honestly, the roam down there doesn't
cost him that much. Like the big wave is
just now crashing into the turret. He
makes it back up there in time to pick
it up. And his his presence, his
pressure was enough to guarantee that
dragon for the side of Lion since Thanos
had already used his teleport. He
couldn't join. He was still stuck up in
the top
lane. Vulcan really wants to help Loki
beat Saint up though. Like he is just
really happy to hang out in these
brushes. The cow is just grazing the
brush. Uh and honestly, it makes sense
too
cuz these two definitely have a little
bit of extra ego in their 1 v one. You
know, we saw we saw it a a lot this
series where they're going for frequent
trades. They're constantly looking for
solo kill angles on the other. They're
both honestly also calling jungles and
supports a decent amount. I would say
the Cloud9 members, as you mentioned,
Vulcan and Blabber visiting the matchup
a little bit more though. So, seems like
the Cloud9 members a little bit more
invested in the Loki side of it with
some of the extra help. Loki is the only
one on Cloud9 who has a gold lead. Most
of that gold lead was the instant uh
shut down that he got on Ailan after he
got the two kills in the bottom lane.
So, it's not like he's been completely
smashing Saint in lane or anything. The
farm pretty much dead even in almost all
of the roles. The most meaningful
difference is the top side where
Licorice is up a couple of waves. Yep.
The farm game playing out as expected.
Little bit. We got a little bit of
action, you know. Yeah, we we got the
scrap in bottom lane. We got We got a
couple of attempts here and there. Um it
is 3 seconds until the Herald spawns.
I'm kind of hoping we can get a big
fight for this. We've got a lot of
summoner spells available. All of the
combat sums are available for C9. Loki's
teleport is the only thing not there and
he just used it to move up into the top
side. Over on Lion's side, they've got
everything except Saints TP and it's
about to be ready to go again. So with
everything ready on both sides, I'm
really hoping that both teams want this
objective. But right now, Lion are just
ready to full send after this. This is
one thing this team has been doing
throughout this series, particularly
around these top side objectives, just
going in after it, pulling the trigger.
No fear. And now again, they're going to
find what they're looking for. Henna
with the flash away from the Scarnner as
Blabber tried to go in for the Impalo.
And now Lion is collapsing. Blabber's
got to try to get away as Audi land
immediately jumps in with a hounds
pursuit. Top laners fighting off to the
side on the other side of the map, but
Blabber is still very low. The curtain
call blocked up by the rest of C9 so
Blabber can escape. It was an attempt
from both sides, but we don't get any
kills and the setup for it was pretty
nice. So the idea was Lion are like,
"Okay, we'll keep licorice top side
because he is going to use his teleport
after we force this Rift Herald and
after we finish the objective." But then
that's why the picture and picture came
up. Licorice teleported down to the
tower. Well, Thanos wants to punish him
already. Yeah, Thanos immediately
jumping in with a hex tech ultimatum,
but the Wukong can survive. Licorice
using the cyclone defensively, but now
he's got to be careful cuz Blabber and
Vulcan have arrived. Scarnner is not
going to do a ton of damage, but he can
do enough to set it up there for Vulcan,
who knocks Licorice up into the air and
kills him with the trample
damage. Trampled. Meanwhile, top side
though, actually, they're going to get
two charges out of this Rift Herald.
They get the one into the secondary
turret. Cash in. So they sacrifice
licorice on the bottom side, but they
put the Rift Herald to very good use.
Getting a bunch of gold here to swing it
a bit back towards the side of Lion.
It's instantly answered by Thanoos after
they had already killed off Licorice.
And Lions I mean it's probably just
going to be a recall interrupt. Okay.
Okay. Yep. That's fine. So we've got
it's two kills to two. Next kill gets
the the kill feat. It's also two neutral
objectives to two with Grubs and Herold
going opposite sides, one Drake going
opposite sides. So, next neutral
objective gets that feat. Lion have
already claimed the first turret one,
but C9 could still steal away the name
brand designer shoes if they can get the
next objective and a kill with it. And
this is what you want for the deciding
game of a series that has been exciting
like this one has. We have very even
opening here in game number three um
after it has been uh so crazy in the
leadup and it puts a lot of emphasis and
pressure on these midame team fights. I
mean we came into it knowing like
Civer's going to want to power farm.
Quay's going to want to power farm.
Victor's fine with that too. Um so we're
we're scaling up on both sides and we're
going to head into these team fights on
even footing. And with how crazy the
fights were in the previous game, I'm
expecting it to be explosive. Now, it's
interesting because it has they have to
mismatch the split push right now. Saint
with his teleport ready has to go top
side. So, he's the one to go answer the
Camille at the moment while dragon on
opposite side of the map is is started
up, but Licorice is also pushing bottom
side with nobody from Cloud9 catching
the minion wave. So, Licorice gets a
flank angle and the minion wave is into
the tower. Okay, curtain call is open.
Zven has already taken a good chunk of
damage here as the rest of C9 tries to
get out of the curtain call. Topside the
1 v one. S against Thanos isn't going to
turn into a whole lot as Zven has to try
to escape. Licorice looking to make the
entry into the back line of Cloud9, but
instead the spiraling despair catches
the Wukong out and the first kill of the
fight goes over to C9 as Licorice does
not get what he was looking for. Now
Ailan has to try to escape and with the
kill on the enemy top laner, now it's C9
with control over the bot side river
right back after the objective. Summoner
spells are everything flowers because
Licorice didn't have his from the early
tower dive on the other side. Wait a
second. They're going to keep the fight
going. Vulcan dodges that one. Okay, but
a TP is about to arrive from Saint
Vulcan stepping away from the deadly
flourish and he still had unbreakable
will. So Lion can't just burst him down.
But now Thanos has used his teleport to
join the fight and he's ready to help
Blabber try to finish off this dragon.
Whoever gets the dragon gets the gets
the free boots as well as Audi land
jumps into the pit. He's ready to try to
contest it, but he already used House
Pursuit and now he has to jump back over
the wall as Blabber just swoops on
through with the East Impact. A land
walks up and it's going to be slain by
Blabber. He'll secure the drake for C9.
He'll secure the boots for C9, but he'll
give his life to do it. And now Lion
want more. Saint going over the wall.
He's got Lions right next to him. And
it's a double kill for Audan as they
pick up the kill on Loki. Lion come out
on top in terms of gold and kills, but
C9 get the objective and the feats.
Let's see about the aftermath, too. I
guess they go for the instant recall cuz
Odicon is actually coming up fairly
shortly and they they sustain so much
damage. It's untenable to stick around.
The dog also does not get found. So,
Ailand also will get the reset with the
extra vision planted on the resets here.
They're going to hex skate right back
over to the Oticon fight uh side of the
map. Maybe there'll be a fight. Um, but
we'll take a look at this one again.
Ailan had to use everything to get away
after trying to go for the smite, but he
still walked back in and it was a
straight up smite fight. So, Blabber
clutches it with Audan being back in
range. And as you say, with the chase
down, two of the extra kills going over
here uh will be quite meaningful with
that gold into Ailan himself. So, Nefiri
will be very scary when we get back to
live. He's got two items. He fully
finished the black cleaver on top of the
spear of Sojun now. So Ailan is two
items along with the Jin as well and the
civer. So a couple people kind of
rushing forward and we are finally going
to get our start of the Oticon with no
answers currently from Cloud9. Loki has
teleport so it could be a delayed answer
but you have to get there for the smite
now. This is new. There's no flower bed
afterwards. You have to fight early.
They're going for it as Lion are trying
to cover as Audi land has the objective
down to half HP, but it's going so
slowly. C9 on the approach. Lion backing
it up a little bit. Audi's got to be
careful here. Surely he's taken a lot of
shred from that Oticon so far. He'll
take a ton of damage if C9's able to
collapse for the curtain call. Chases
Vulcan and Ven away. Audi chunk down to
half HP as Vulcan looks for an inch way
into the fight. Saints got to back up
now as well. C9 moving up towards the
Oicon. That's quickly losing patience.
If you're Lion, you want it to reset. It
goes right back into the pit now.
Recharged about 80% of the HP. Licorice
wants the angle. Ready to dive in, but
Vulcan denies the engage. Lion surely
going to be first to die here as Audan
is locked up inside the Hexte ultimatum.
He can't get away just yet. The
boomerang blade can't find him. And
Licorice is still looking for some kind
of an angle. Only Lions has died, but
it's Ailand who can't get involved in
the fight. Licorice's cyclone doesn't do
anything as Loki gets the kill on Saint.
Licorice is in the middle of everybody.
So close but so far. Zven takes him down
and Lion have lost three. Make it four
as Hay paints a masterpiece and Lion are
wiped off the canvas. Where's that dog
going? Flowers. What the dog doing? What
that dog doing? All right, take another
look at this. Now it is going to reset
and Saint makes the mistake of reaging
it. So Oticon right now when it's
casting spells outside of range
guaranteed going to reset going to get
very healthy but Lion want to trap them
and Saint goes to auto attack it again.
So it's going to start auto it's going
to start attacking and shredding you
again while you go for the engage on
Cloud9. Definitely mistake there but you
called it out on the engage. Cloud9
countered it and then they trap Lion on
the counter and run them down. Loki
forced FL uh Saint's flash there uh with
the way they finish it off and they
chased down so many members and I wonder
what Odelan was thinking when he was
coming over this wall. I guess he was
looking at who was low health over
there. Was it just Allistar was super
low or something? Yeah, he must have
been trying to pick off the straggler
and lost track of Hay. Uh but yeah, the
extra kill also going over and the
coaching staff are out. Oh, I feel that
it was so close. Like Lion, I don't
think you could be closer in a best of
three with the way that game two was.
Okay, here we go though. Oh, Audan wants
this kill onto Thanoos. The curtain call
backing it up. Audi needs a little bit
more damage and he finds it. A nice shut
down there to bring the gold back to
even. C9 though having secured their
first Ottoon of the series. Feeling
pretty good about that. Feeling even
better about this pick onto Saint, but
they don't have the damage. They're not
feeling so good after all. Now the
follow up from Lion as Vulcan is about
to die here too. A little bit more
should seal the deal on him and Ailand
comes across just to cut off the escape.
Blabber barely gets away from a hex
gate. And right when it looked like Lion
might have tossed away their chances
this game, they immediately strike gold.
Yeah, Cloud9 got the Oticon. So that was
a big win there. But Lion come back out
after the reset and they get three kills
and a dragon
flowers. Yeah. Yeah, they do. This is
absolutely crazy as Lion are bringing it
right back. They take down the tier one
turret in the mid lane. So, they've got
themselves another objective claimed
there. Four turrets to two and now
they're going after another drake. Let's
take another look at how this happened.
Thanoos gets caught on the recall. Okay,
so Ailan goes in with the Nefury as you
said is going to have the backup of the
Jin ult as well. Has to make use of it.
Thanos tries to buy some time for
himself but not getting away for that
one. This is the critical one though cuz
top side was just a pick and multiple
resources but then Cloud9 felt because
Jyn and Nefiri and Wukong were all top
side. They wanted to make a counter
play. We're back to live. Okay, Thanos
getting caught again. The Nefiri
unafraid to just jump in on the Camille.
Licorice also using his own alult. They
full send it and Thanos is just getting
caught back to back. Cloud9, they
started to crumble after they had such a
successful fight for Odicon. Now they're
trying to refocus on towers. They can
get mid and top lane here in payment.
But Lion, they came alive. Well, they
can't finish off mid. Lion have come
alive though. They got pick after pick
after pick. More gold off of the side
lane tower there. More gold split for
the Victor. C9 not only miss getting the
tier 2 in mid, but it gives the
opportunity for Lion to secure the tier
2 in bottom lane at the same time.
Lion's gold lead now 2,000. The Drakes
still tied at two to two. The next one's
still a long way away. But honestly,
Kobe, I feel like this is not the type
of game. This is not the type of series
where we're waiting for objectives or
reasons to fight. We're just fighting
for the love of the game. We are. And
then they're pushing hard afterwards. I
like how they're going for towers,
committing fully to getting them cuz the
gold here is is increasing so quickly.
Like we're already at three items on the
Jin. We're already at multiple items on
most of the carries. Quay as well. Loki
on the other side. He's the big one for
Cloud9. Uh Loki ever since like flashing
over towards the bottom side to get that
shut down. He's been doing a lot of work
for Cloud9 uh in this one. So, and that
champion did get buffed on the AoE for
later in team fights for this moment in
the game. So, we'll see if he can
continue to paint beautiful pictures for
C9 or if Cloud9 uh are actually going to
fall in this best of three. Lion have
really done their best to push them to
the edge. I've been very impressed with
Lion during this series. Cloud9, you
already mentioned it, I think, back in
game number one that they were the team
that was looking the best coming out of
our our best of one like seating stage,
our placement stage. But now Lion, who
have been on this sixgame slide ever
since they played against the other
bottom teams at the very start of the
split, have a real honest to god shot of
knocking Cloud9 down a peg and also
putting in a lot of work for themselves
for having a strong position to just get
out of the group to play for positioning
in the playoffs phase versus having to
play to not be eliminated. 100% agree.
All right, Hexgate's going to get out
for the escape there for Audan. Scuttle
crab vision will be secured in trade. We
did have actually the walk down from
Hay. So everybody's here. Lions finds a
hook onto Blabber, but you definitely
don't want to overcommit onto giant
meatball scarnner. That is generally not
a viable target if he has teammates
nearby. Licorice wanting to get away
with the clone down there in the bottom
side. Man, we're having a lot of item
power spikes coming through though.
Licorice now on two fully completed
items. Same can be said for Thanoos. mid
laners. You can see that Loki with a 4
in one score line still with that
advantage over Saint. He's got three
fully completed items. Saint still
working to try to get his own void staff
done. The Lord Dominick's regards for
henna allowing that Jin to hit hard
through some of these front liners. He
knows he's probably going to have to
shoot through that Scarnner to get to
the valuable targets, so it might as
well hurt. Yeah, I'd rather shoot
everybody else first than then the
Scarnner and the Allistar. I'm
definitely with you uh as far as it
being difficult to take down those mega
tanks uh for the squad later. But yeah,
there's a lot of other damage sources on
this Lion squad, too. So, they can kind
of spread around the burden of uh of the
shred cuz double black cleavers, one for
licorice, one for Audi as well. And
Ailand himself has a lot of money. So if
he can finish his death dance on the
Nefiri and get to the three item power
spike, you do really get to start to
live in this kind of dream world for the
uh for the team fights for Nefiri later
on because you can jump into the
backline, look to pop somebody, use your
W to avoid reset uh with the second
charge of your ultimate. But the dragon
is here. Flowers only 30 seconds away
and we're going to get that exciting
fight. And we've been talking about
Lion's items and three item power
spikes. Zven has Infinity Edge. He has
Lord Dom's regards. And he has a fully
stacked tall Wild Arrow. This Civer is
fully online. The farming phase, that
was great. We planted the crops. We
harvested them. Everything's done. Now
it's time to rock and roll. The curtain
call opens, but it's only hitting Vulcan
so far. And Saints been knocked down
below half HP. The trade favors C9.
Thanos was looking for a flank and
Licorice was looking for a flank on the
flank. Neither one of them going to find
the opportunity. immediately jumps into
the dragon pit as Lion decide they're
going to go after the Baron instead, but
the control board there stops that plan
in its tracks with Lion all up here on
this top half of the map. Okay, never
mind. They're going right back into it.
AI started it up. C9 is still over on
the drake, but there's no way Lion can
do this fast enough. Their AD carry is
Jin. Yeah, 100% agree. I think it's all
kind of stems from Saint getting chunked
out when the Victor was down at half HP.
C9 basically guaranteed that dragon for
themselves. Oh, nice double pull comes
out from Blabber and that's going to be
a huge pick to kill Saints at the very
start of the fight. But now Licorice
into the back line, finds a cyclone on
multiple targets, but it's only his own
grave. C9 just completely shut them
down. Blabber with an impale that just
might have won the series. He buffered
his ultimate when he saw the hook
coming. He sees Lion's hook coming
towards his face. He buffers his
Scarnner alt. So when the Nautilus hooks
Scarnner in, it's to Blabber's delight.
He gets the dream ult off. He uses the
Nless hook against him and Cloud9 will
use that to get the Baron. Perfect use
of Impal by Blabber. And now this game
that has been on a knife's edge for so
long. Cloud9 have a huge opportunity to
just blow it wide open. Garner looking
like Spider-Man here. Let's take another
look. So when he sees the Nautilus come
out, as soon as he sees him throw it,
even though it's close, boom, he's going
to start his ult. So as it pulls him in,
he gets two. It pulls him right next to
the Victor, too. It's just
dream. Blabber got assisted. Very nicely
done. Pops his ultimate off and it like
it barely snags, too. That was like so
close to the edge. Grabs the Victor.
Dream stuff there for Cloud9. And now
they already had the dragon. They
already had the oicons. Now with Baron
buff, they should be able to get a bunch
of money so that they're in a very good
spot to earn dragon soul in 3 minutes
time. Goal is get this outer tower.
Bunch of gold there. Don't don't give up
uh you know anything unnecessary here.
Uh and just try and get bigger item
leads for that dragon soul fight. This
has been a huge sequence for C9.
Blabber's pick on Saint there. Victor
died with his ultimate still ready to
cast like he just did not get a chance
to move. The Scarnner ulti into the
immediate followup. Everybody just
sending the whole kitchen sink at him.
Worked out beautifully as Thanoos is now
the split pressure providing the wave
crashing into mid lane while everybody
else on C9 working on this bottom lane.
Civer is great at pushing these waves up
instant clearing them out as Audi land
on this Nefiri. He's got so much of the
kills. got so much of the money for
Lion. But when you're in a situation
like this, when the enemy team has
Baron, when the carries have scaled this
high, it can be hard to find the angles
you're looking for. Lions wants to jump
in, but a ton of damage right back onto
him. Zven's dead. Aland has found the
angle to go after the carries. And
Loki's going to try to run now. Lions is
still alive and Thanos joins the fight.
S's going to be punished. A one for one
trade so far. A land low on mana and
half HP. Still looking perhaps for an
angle to chase after C9, but they'll
disengage.
just assassinating Zven there. Thought
they were possibly going to be able to
chain for more, but Victor no flash and
dead now for 30 plus seconds. Puts a
stop to everything. Both carries on both
sides going to have to leave it at that.
We have plenty of time still before the
dragon fight though, Flowers. So, it is
going to be kind of a tense, you know,
minute and 40 seconds here as we lead up
to it. You're looking at a lot of these
flashes that were just used now. Those
things will not be back for the dragon
soul fight. So, it is going to be very
dangerous for both Saint and for Sven
and for Loki. I mean, all those carries
are going to have to be very careful
about their positioning. I guess then
those two, but it's more like an
offensive thing with Camille uh and
trying to get really good picks with
your flash. The two big flashes that are
still up though, Licorice on the Wukong,
that one is huge. if he can find an
angle for these ultis. Cloud9 has been
stopping him from getting a ton of good
ones so far. And henna also with flash
and barrier both still up. The gen is 0
0 and 8. 8 is a multiple of four. This
is technically a really good Jin score
even though he doesn't have any kills.
He's also getting close to completing
his fourth major item. I don't think
he's going to have it in time though.
But he has a chance to really shine in
this upcoming fight because of those
summoners you're talking about. through
the four item power spike for Jin is
huge. Yeah. See if we can get that
completed. Um as
we tense tensely await the arrival of
the dragon soul. Hexte at that very
desirable one. Jungle priority achieved
by Cloud9 though. So vision coverage
will be to their advantage. You have to
worry about the Camille flanks. Camil
flanks are going to be looking towards
Saint as Victor with no flash. Has to be
so careful with his positioning. All
right, Saint, let's see what you got.
Ailan just trying to throw a couple of
those darkened daggers towards the C9
lines. Lions goes in, finds the dredge
line onto the Scarnner, but they've
learned their lesson last time. They do
not want to go in too far after this.
Blabber with another shield there,
making sure that they're not doing a ton
of damage to him as Licorice forced to
fight Thanos here from the hex tech
ultimatum. The Q2 goes through and
Licorice is going right back to spawn.
He does not want to have to participate
in this fight without healing up first.
He does have his TP to join. You'll see
Dantos making his way over. He might
have the angle towards the curtain call
here, but the hex is stolen. The Jin got
it. Hannah with a curtain call shot.
Snipes it away from Blabber.
Dude, what is this series? That is
insane. Yes, we got more time flowers. I
love it. We are going the distance. Oh
my goodness. Henna is insane. This guy
did so much work in the previous game
and Lion barely could not clutch it. He
comes up huge up here. We fight. Okay.
Y 2K.
Nice. They can still fight.
Nice. Nice. Nice. Yeah, it is. Hype him
up. Yo, that was clutch. He got the
dragon. So, we are still soulless.
Flowers. Well, it's another game where
we're going three to three on the
Drakes. Soul is guaranteed on the next
one. If you got a friend who's thought
before about watching some North
American League of Legends and you never
knew what series to show them, show them
this one. This has just been nothing but
entertainment start to finish. Man, I
love this series. Start from the
beginning, too. You need the whole story
of the best of three. All right, though.
It's about to culminate very soon
because Baron onto the map and it's
dark. Cloud9 have controlled the vision.
They swept out everything. So, Lion have
to come over and check. Okay, Blabber
and Vulcan going to step out of the
brush first. Very tanky front line here
for C9. Labra's got like 5,000 HP.
Dredge line from Lions, but it only
finds Vulcan. That's not the target they
want. That's not the target Blabber
wants either. Lions trying to flash away
the spiraling despair. does not want
that t stuck on the rest of the team as
Loki's already unstoppable. Nice engage
follow up there from Vulcan and is under
pressure. Thanos is after him. There's
nobody protecting the Jin. Zven gets the
kill and Lion are not where they need to
be. C9 get the engage. Saints the next
to fall and Ailand runs into the enemy
jungle. He dodges Severing Bull with a
hounds pursuit, but Thanos is ready to
hook shot over the wall for an easy
kill. and C9 with four dead on the enemy
team start the victory march down mid
lane. What a series.
Cloud9 will do it. They clutched it out
so closely in game number two. And now
in game number three, they're done
farming Flowers. They're ready for
destruction. C9 are at the finish line
and Licorice will not be able to hold
them at bay. Lions respawns, but it's
only as Licorice dies. All five C9
players still standing strong. The ace
yet again. Nobody on Lion's going to
respawn in time. It was a battle here on
Summoner's Rift, but C9 are still
standing.
Wow. Nexus defense all the way to win in
game number two. Game number three, farm
it up and clutch out some
fights. Wow, what a series, man. If you
if you don't like that, you don't like
League of Legends. That was just that
was the most fun I have had with a
domestic series here in North America in
a long time. Like, what a fun series.
And you got to feel for the Lion
players, for the Lion coaching staff,
man. And we could see it in some of the
reactions from the coaching room just
how close they got. But Raz looks like
he is ready with his interview with
Blabber.
I'm just going to start with a simple
question.
How do you feel after that series? You I
mean I'm I'm pretty happy we won. Um I
think like we haven't been practicing
the last like two or three days. Um and
my support landed from an air like on
the airplane this morning. So yeah, our
first two games were kind of scrappy. Uh
so yeah, I'm happy. I'm just happy we
won cuz like walk me through the feeling
of game two, the fact it was almost
over. You almost basically lost O2, then
the base defense goes through like what
is the thought process in the team? What
is the calms like in those moments? Uh I
mean we definitely should have lost the
series. Like game two was over. Uh, I
don't know how my Yon still Baron, but
but he did. And then even after that,
like we probably should have lost as
well. Um, I think they went a bit too
deep like at the nexus, but we're kind
of just like still playing the game.
We're like, it's fine. Just, you know,
try our best and then we call good. We
had good comps in team fights and I
think that was about it. And now just
looking forward, um, you guys are now at
least solidified top two in the group
with alongside Team Liquid. They're
going to be your next opponent. What are
the takeaways coming out of this series
going into the next one?
I think we had like a couple big
mistakes this series. Like we were
getting caught out too much, especially
me like in game two on Lilia. I think we
would have won that uh third drake fight
and then we probably would have won the
game if I didn't get caught right before
it. And then I think just in general, we
were kind of just playing bad. We were
losing skirmishes today. So yeah,
probably just rewatch the game. I can't
really think about it too much because I
don't remember all the games so well,
but at least for me, I was definitely
getting caught out in up some
skirmishes. Any final messages? No. Uh,
happy one. Sounds good. Uh, going to be
sending a strong one straight to the
lounge to end the day.
Happy he won. Yes. Why wouldn't you be
happy that you win? That was This was
actually a wild day. Yeah, this was such
a wild day because the 100 Thieves dig
series, which ended up being a 2- for
100 Thieves had both games be incredibly
close. It felt like a 2-1 and then this
one felt like Lion could have won all
three games, ends up losing the series
2-1. And I feel like we're going to look
back at this day and be like, I hope
we're not too reductionist to say, "Oh
yeah, by the way, the top four beat the
bottom four again, just like any day
that there's ever been." But the actual
games were so incredibly swinging close.
Yeah. And I mean I think again it still
comes down to
not just team fighting but like presence
of mind while team fighting. Like there
were a lot of situations where like just
one thing goes wrong. Yeah. And then it
is a watershed of everything going wrong
in that fight. Right. Like uh and once
things start to snowball out of control.
I don't know. I feel like I saw so many
team fights that were decided by like
one thing that then transformed the
fabric of the entire fight. Yeah. Or
even the game like the very first fight
of this this last series which was the
three kills for one at the scuttle crab.
Like that was one Ambessa ability that
flew wide because Audi flashed in the
direction of the pit that Thanos didn't
expect. But it was for nothing in the
end of the day cuz Cloud9 won the series
like we all expected. So let's check out
the players of the series for this
weekend. Masu, Yan, Aya, and Thanos must
have won a quite contested vote. Yeah,
it's always I I always have a hard time
in those types of series trying to
decide like who the player of the series
is going to be. Um, yeah, if people
don't remember yesterday, Masu Yan
picking it up after their wins. And then
Aloy for Hundred Thieves. Again, I feel
like I've said this a lot over the
course of this year, but I feel like he
has stepped up for this team so much and
has been a major part of a lot of their
skirmishes despite the, you know,
insanely long game that we had. Yeah,
that was over a kill per minute in that
first 100 Thieves Dignitas game. Raz, we
can see we can see you. You were
completely in. That cloud is not hiding
you. Yeah, he's going to stay there and
hopefully forget about him. Let's pull
up our Samsung SSD fast five for this
week of the LTA North. See who is at top
the leaderboard. Thanos. One player of
the series was 100 CS almost a minute
before the next closest top laner. That
definitely stands out to me. Yeah,
actually a lot of C9 players in there.
Uh Yan, fastest kill uh from yesterday.
And then also again, I know they
struggled, but I'm going to use Palifox
getting fastest legendary item to talk a
little bit about Shopify because I feel
like they also in their series were able
to, you know, punch Fly Quest in the
mouth a bit. Uh, and even though the
game three was a little bit more
one-sided, um, I thought they really,
really gave Fly Quest trouble in their
first few games. Yeah, definitely one of
the most competitive feeling weeks we've
had probably all year for the LTA North.
Remember, you can upgrade your storage
and load games fast so you can play more
and wait less with Samsung SSDs. You can
scan the QR code on screen or head to
samsung.com to learn more. And now Emily
as Raz has snuck away. I'm now scared
that he's hiding somewhere. I know where
he is cuz I can see him on
camera. He was right back there. What?
Oh god, the cloud just keeps moving.
Mastercard player of the week this week
is going to be Yawn.
Woo! Wait, hold on. Hold on. There's
been a There's been a switch. Is this a
Moonlight La La Land moment? My card. My
card says Yawn. And I have the correct
card. Yeah, we're going to pull up the
new graphic in a second, but Yawn 24
kills, one death, several assists,
battling the flu. Know this beforehand,
but he was playing he was feeling awful
heading into these games and is able to
focus up and have an incredible series.
Yeah. And I mean, we talked a lot about
Omi and his early presence in these
games. Uh, Yan was stellar in both of
their games, even when it looked really,
really shaky in game one, uh, definitely
helped keep them in it. And I mean, I
feel like a lot of
people, Liam, our stats guy, I won't I
won't count on him too much because his
hockey team is losing right now. Um, and
I'm also sad about
it was saying that like, oh, you know, I
don't think uh, Yan and uh, Masu have
been performing as well as people have
been giving them credit for. Yan
absolutely stepped up uh, in this series
as you see his numbers coming through.
39 KDA, 20% of his team's damage um, and
75% kill participation was just
absolutely crucial to their victory.
Yeah, congratulations to Dion. Hope he
feels better. Also helped Team Liquid
move to 2 and 0 in the groups. Let's
look at the standings to remind
ourselves what we have seen the last two
weeks in the group stage of LTA North.
Uh this is the schedule. We got C9
versus Team Liquid next week and Shopify
versus Hundred Thieves to close out
their respective groups.
Yeah, and this will decide top in that
group because I believe both with the C9
win, both C9 and Team Liquid have uh
secured those top two spots. Yeah,
they'll both be both be top of their
groups. Here are the standings. So,
Disguised and Line, that group's mostly
sorted in terms of who's advancing.
Cloud9 and Team Liquid are going to
guarantee theirelves top four in the
playoffs. Disguised and Lion are going
to end up crossplaying against three and
four from the other, but they're going
to be jostling for Seed to see who gets
the third and the fourth seed. And then
the other group is still a little bit up
for grabs depending on if there's going
to be an upset if uh still a possibility
for a three-way tie for first if teams
all end up or no there there would not
be based on the on the schedule. But
either way, Fly Quest in very good
position Shopify down at the bottom of
that group. And also we will be
celebrating the launch of season 2 all
of next weekend and tickets are still
available for Sunday, May 11th. Enjoy
music, festivals, food, LTA team
activations, free spirit blossom, yasuo,
and yon skins and more. or click on the
QR code you see on the screen to join
the party. I will be there. What a week.
Yeah, I'm still waiting for Raz to do
something, but I'm going to say really
quickly that that's it for us. We'll be
back next Saturday at 400 p.m. Eastern,
1 p.m. for CNI for the Steam Liquid. And
we're running away before Raz. Yeah, I
was like, we're getting stuff thrown at
us. He almost got you with the ball.
We're done. Bye.
[Music]
that Dignitas picked up the win last
week. Look, no flash. No flash. I'm
going to look
just defend. Uh I'm going to go. I'm
going to
go
on. Okay, I'm going to go fast. Guys, no
flash, right? Back and forth. Bloody
match. 27 kills at the end of the day.
100 thieves take game one.
50/50. Can you look at
Cana
help? They're going to take down
Dignitas two to zero.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to
the uh the LTA here. C9 wants to keep
their streak going. Okay. Okay. This is
our Kugs on
first. Coming. Yeah. I'm trying to run
after. I'm hovering.
Lion are going to take this first game.
They're up one nothing against Cena.
[Music]
I can kill. I'm coming from base, guys.
Yeah. Try slow in base.
Yeah.
Slowly now coming here. Yeah. Look close
to me. Yeah. Kill someone. Kill someone.
Kill someone. Nice. Nice. Nice. Okay.
Maybe
end. We in. Yeah. Ladies and gentlemen,
we are going to a game number three.
Flash. Got enough flash. Can we Can we
go there? Yeah. W.
Oh yeah, I'm checking our jungle one
time.
Slowly though. Keep playing slow
go. Yeah. Combo combo.
What a series. Cloud9 will do it. They
clutched it out.
[Music]
[Music]
You
are you.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
What do you think?
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
down.
running through every block. We cannot
ever be stopped. Put that on everything.
You going to remember the name. Remember
the day. Look at the game play. Made it
mine. It's a name change. Ain't a game
that I can't save. Only win. That's a
landscape. I cannot be stopped. I'm like
a
savage. Shooting for your spot. I got to
have it. Glory in my veins. I'm like a
addict. See me hall of fame. I'm not
your average. I'm wear your neck. Hey,
give me respect. Hey, I'm on your neck.
Ah, give me respect. Hey, hey, I'm on
your neck. Hey, give me respect. Hey,
hey, I'm your neck. Give me respect.
Hey, hey, hey.