Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to
Spawncast episode
412. It was it was a week. Got prices
flying. Got GTA 6 falling. Switch to
updating. A lot of stuff to go over this
week. OJ should pop in here pretty soon.
All right. Look at that. Look at that.
As I'm saying it, there he is. OJ,
what's up? What is good, fam? Shout
outs. How's How'd that pre-show go? Went
really well. Thank you to everybody that
came through. It was It was awesome. I
just needed to I need to log like it
logs you out right when you do like the
you haven't logged in a while. So then I
had to like do the whole code thing
where it sends a code and then I log
back in. Oh yeah. So no I got you. I got
you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Shout outs
though. Thanks for having me. Okay.
Yeah. I got everyone there. Okay. Cool.
Everyone on the panel is down in the
Celia. Okay. Cool. Everyone who is on
the panel is down in the description if
you want to find them and go say hi on
their channel as well. Let me go over
here. Let's go over to Celia. Celia. How
we doing? Hi. Happy Saturday. I'm good.
Um, I'm sleepy. Still playing Banjo. Not
much has changed since last week. How
long you been on that game? I feel like
you've been on that game for a minute.
Um, a while. It's cuz I'm 100%ing it.
And a lot of things in that game are a
chore. Um, I'm having fun uh with an
asterisk. Uh, once I Does it sound like
you're having fun? I'm having a great
time, OJ. Okay. Don't question it. Blink
blink twice if somebody got does blink
twice if you're okay. She's gaslighting
herself. I know. Every time I talk about
it, like like so many of my friends have
been like, "No one is forcing you to
play this, but like it's just out of
principle now." Um I don't know. I I'll
get through it. I'm in Grunty Industries
right now. Um I went ahead and like
played the Fire and Ice level because
that one's fun and now I'm like, "Ah,
shoot. I need to I need to do that
level." Anyways, I'll complain again
next week. I'll get through it and then
play like cool games that have uh are in
my backlog. Hey, Expedition 33 is right
there. I know it's downloaded and
waiting for me, but it's it's been Tuy
time. You're going to start playing it
as I'm like finishing up and putting it
away most likely. That's going to happen
here. Oh well, too much Chronicles X
yet.
N I have not finished it now.
Interesting. Interesting. I have not I
have also not finished Xenolade
Chronicles X because Expedition came out
and I'm waiting for that 60 frames per
second patch too and I'm doing
everything in the game. I'm at 70
something hours though. So interesting.
I still have some MMA. Interesting. Oh,
by the way, I I just want to mention
real quick, Sean. Um I looked up how
long to beat with Xen Blade Chronicles X
and it says 68 hours to beat the game
and that's doing minimal side quests. I
think you beat it in 65 hours if I'm not
correct. No, I was over 70 when you beat
the game. Yeah, cuz I'm over 80 now.
Over. Oh, okay. But when you beat the
game, what were you at? I was at over
70. How How many?
Over 70.
You didn't do many side quests, did you,
Sean? I did a lot of side quests. Can I
see your Frontier now? Do you mind
showing it? I don't have my Switch. If
if if you want me to go get my Switch
and charge it real quick because I
haven't done the update. Sure. Oh, just
just post just post it on Twitter. Just
post it on Twitter. No, I'll go get it.
How Oh, I was going to ask about how
he's doing he's he's using a different
handheld that I thought he wanted to
brag about. Superior handheld.
Nonsense. The original Nintendo Switch.
Oh my god. The new screen. Mega
Everdrive Pro attached to it. Before I
go, here's my um here's my Bella Ramsey
impression. Hi, my name is Bella Ramsey.
Sean is obsessed with Bella. He's
brought her up to me like four times
like in different situations. And he
won't watch the Last of Us HBO series.
He just he just just wants to talk about
Bella Ramsey all the time. He won't
watch the boys either. But that show is
so good. Yeah. Wait, is Bella Ramsey the
main girl? Bella Ramsey is playing
Ellie. Yeah. Yeah. And Last of Us. Yep.
I don't think Sean's seen Breaking Bad
though, so like he's got a lot to go
back to. Yeah. That's just criminal.
I don't think he's I don't think he's
Sean watch TV. He watches besides
sports. Besides sports. Watch the
Simpsons. Watch the Simpsons. Oh, yeah.
Back to you. Oh, he's
Can he hear us? I was thinking
I was I told him, Sean, you could recite
The Simpsons back, but I couldn't
remember which season you stop at and
then restart. 15. 15. Thank you. Thank
you. Watch the first 15. No more. I got
to plug this in.
Okay,
give it a minute because you have to
charge the system up first. Okay.
Gotcha. Gotcha. I know. I I I said you
hadn't watched Breaking Bad before. No,
I'm not going to watch that. I just said
you watch the whole time. Do you not
like TV? You don't like good TV? I mean,
if I want to
um if I want to I I don't know. It just
doesn't appeal to me. It's like, oh,
meth selling meth. That's cool. That but
that's not what the show's about really.
It is, but it isn't.
Jesse Pig, you would love that guy. That
would be like your guy. That kind of
would be you.
I I just said you you you're very
knowledgeable of all the old wrestling
stuff that no one's heard of because you
watch that in the Simpsons all the time.
Do you like my Hooters Racing shirt?
Thank you. I don't know when I bought
this. I found it in my dryer and I was
like, "This is a cool shirt. I like
this."
You found it in the dryer, not in like
your closet. No, it was in the dryer.
So, at some point I've worn it before
and then I washed it because I just I
just wash my clothes and then I put them
in the dryer and then I just leave them
in the dryer. So, like every morning I
have to come downstairs, get some
undies, get a shirt and I found this
shirt and I was like, "All right,
single life is great, huh?" It is. That
is a single life right there. This is a
single life right here. If you That is
right there. My My wife would Oh, you
know she'd grabbed me by the ear if I
did [ __ ] like that. Just leave stuff in
the trash and she just I think I might
grab by the ear and pull it away. Hey.
Hey, come get this. No, I got to go,
guys. If CN is going to be on a podcast,
he needs to put his video game
down. Uh Josie, how you doing over
there? Good. Happy to be back.
Holding up, I think. So, okay. I moved.
We got mesh Wi-Fi, which we've had, but
I got another one, moved it into my
room,
so maybe it's better. I don't know.
We'll have to see.
Okay, good stuff. Good stuff. Well,
we'll test it then. Here, let me see.
Oh, we do
have couple of Oh, there's Verang.
What's up, Verang? Says, "I'm graduating
with my masters this weekend, playing
Persona 5 and planning on playing
Oblivion later. Excited for Switch 2 as
well." Wow, the masters this weekend.
Congratulated with Sean a year or two
early at the afterparty. Congrats on the
master's degree, man. That's tough. Uh
my sister got one. I know she went what
she went through to get one, so it's
difficult. So, congrats, man. Proud of
you. Good job. Yeah, if you come out if
you come out too many games, we'll see.
We'll see what Sean can do at the hotel
this time. If I'm drunk, just I'll buy
you some drinks, I'm sure. There you go.
Bang. Cash new gamer says, "Uh, happy
May turd everyone. Hopefully John
doesn't forget to read my Patreon
question this week and can't wait for
RPG 85 to weigh in on clear 33." I have
I haven't played it yet. I haven't
played it yet. Oh, okay. Expedition
33. Ah, yeah. You do need to play that,
Sean. I do need I'm I'm just I'm
wrapping it up. I'm I mean, I beat the
game and I'm finishing up like the
endgame. There's like super bosses and
dungeons that are high level. I'm just
going through some of that stuff now
just to finish it up. And it at this
point characters in like the 80s for my
level. I'm I'm 31 hours in so it hasn't
been like a wow this taking forever kind
of game. Yeah, I think 35 hours to beat
it. That that's crazy that you're I'm
I'm 30 hours in and I'm like nowhere
near all that. I'm level 50 something
and I think I'm playing it completely
different. I I mean that it's like the
parry dodge thing. For some reason, it
has I think it's clicked with me more
than some other the like the average
person playing this has. I've seen some
people say they're putting it down cuz
like the dodge parry just isn't Oh, I
got I I got the dodge parry stuff. I'm
do I'm doing that. Like I think I posted
a gameplay clip of uh I I fought a super
boss and I I parried every single thing
didn't get hit. So that's down. But like
some of the super bosses in the game on
the hard mode are just like freaking
it's like one hit. Even if you're like
really good, you got defense, it's just
one hit, you're dead. You know what I'm
saying? you mistime your dodge or if you
just whatever. So that's there was this
one I'm not going to say what it is, but
there's this one super boss that
literally they they change modes and
then it's just even if you have high
defense and everything, it's it doesn't
matter. It's one hit and you're dead if
you're trying to parry at least if
you're trying to parry. So you can dodge
it. But that's lame. You'll run into
those even on like I'm playing on the
regular difficulty. You'll run into
those still like even even at my level
where I'm like 80 I think one's 86 or
87. They're varying because some people
in the reserve um even then you're still
I'm still finding those people. Oh, it's
Yeah, I think the game scale does the
game scales a bit. I think there might
be some cuz they don't tell you what
level. Well, I went back to some of the
other bosses that were on the map, the
big ones that I kind of avoided. I
walked back, slapped them once, and
killed them. So, so then they Okay, it
doesn't. Okay. Yeah, cuz eventually, you
know, it's they definitely leaned into
the late game stuff. You can tell they
definitely leaned into the Final Fantasy
10 mechanic of well, when you've beaten
the game and you get really, you can
just break the game. It's like that.
when you get fun of his tenny, you just
start breaking damage limit. 9,000
99,000 whatever. You just it's like
that. So, I do like that they weren't
worried about people getting super high
damage numbers. That that actually I
think makes the endgame of these RPGs
more fun. And that's the interesting
thing like I noticed that like when I
remember when they did the trailer they
show that people were doing that much
damage and I'm like wonder how long it's
going to take me to do that. But if you
know what you're doing like with your
pictos and all that, you can get that
fairly you can do 9,999 damage fairly
early. I mean, if you um set up
everything, you know, there's certain,
like I said, certain things that you can
do. So, and people have shown they've
hit in the millions and they're like,
"Yeah, you break the damage limit. You
can do whatever you want basically." So,
which you you do get eventually at some
point, I'll say, in the game. But, it's
uh it's it's been fun. It's good. It's a
good game. Recommend it. Good. I And
it's on Game Pass. So, hey, if you're
not even sure and you have Game Pass,
give it a download. Did you see not to
go on it again, did you see the uh I
think they did the Digital Foundry thing
on there. Did you see that? Uh I I
haven't seen the Digital Foundry thing
yet now. Okay. I was surprised they talk
about because it's UE5. I was curious
how it how Yeah. Yeah. They talk about
the perform I think PS5 Pro
1080p even on PS5 Pro which I didn't
notice. That's one thing I didn't
notice. That's that's the not to say
that it's bad. It looks great on my my
OLED, but I didn't notice that it was a
1080p. I think they said 1080p was with
some like upsampling or something, but
native 1080p. So, I was like, "Oh, okay.
This looks really good." I didn't even,
you know, looks really good. I think
this is a game where the art style and
the direction really holds it up. Yeah.
So, I I think that's what a lot of it
is. Um, it look it looks very impressive
on an OLED. I will say that. Yeah. Uh,
this was from Dave. He says, "Maybe it's
recency bias, but Clare Obscure has the
best turn-based combat system ever.
Addictive without feeling repetitive or
tedious?"
Definitely a little bit of recency, but
I think in terms of like modern
turn-based RPGs, definitely one of the
best, if not the best. Yeah, I
definitely 100% agree. I'd say it's
Yeah, it's probably one of the most
engaging ones like from from battle to
battle, I'd say. So, yeah, absolutely.
Yeah. I mean, if you want to count like,
you know, like Metaphor, Refontazio,
that battle system is incredible. It's a
bit more in-depth and like in a lot of
different ways, but um or even like SMT5
Vengeance, another incredible turn-based
battle system. But yeah, they're they're
clear obscure in terms of like from a
western developer, you know, like this
is probably one of the best like to me
it's like the best western developed RPG
since Mass Effect. Just me person. I
know there's been Balders's Gate and
there's been other great ones since
then, but for
me, Cody Bishop says, "Rip Giant Bomb, a
cast of absolute legends." Yeah, we the
layoff stuff. We'll talk about some of
that with it later on as well, but
definitely uh It's your boy says, "John
chugging a beer before their pod." Those
are the like the college days. You do
that and you leave your clothes in the
dryer. That's how it was. Shut the Oh,
wow. Look, Evan's here. Evan's here. Oh,
you just got back. Oh, yeah. Oh, you're
at your uh It was like a land party,
right? Tournament. Tournament.
Tournament. Tournament. Was that Wait,
is it for Warhammer? Did you win? No.
Wow. No. It wasn't like too many games
last year where you won because you you
you filibustered and held out. That was
that was Underworlds. I also I took like
So, real quick, hold on. Hold on. Hold
on. We have to So, so people don't freak
out on the show cuz I didn't play the
game right or something. Um, we are
Thank you. Um, here is my party. Uh,
pull up the status here. You can see the
levels of everyone and all that sort of
stuff. Main characters level
65. Yeah, cuz I played the [ __ ] game.
Um, here's my frontier nav. He could be
faking it. Yeah, I could. Do you want me
to Whose save file did you download for
this? Do you want me to uh um spoil the
final boss for you, OJ? In the final
area. Primordia is 85% complete.
Okay, all that is completed. Here are
other regions. Here's the What's What's
the completion for the other regions?
For the sand regions, what? I can't see
it. It's so just 60
61.49. I haven't really done the um the
uh Cauldros. I haven't done much
Cauldros. Cauldron is only 25. Uh 47 on
Selenium. Yeah, I didn't need to cuz I
beat the game. And then uh 60% on uh
Noct Nocttum. Noctalum. Noctalum. Yeah.
So, are those numbers okay? Are those
those good enough? Uh they're kind of
low, but they're passable. They're
passable. All right. Thank you. Thank
you. You got to let a man enjoy his
game, man. OJ. God damn. This is
like the RPG police over here. How many
hours? Name. Name seven Xenolade
characters. Oh yeah. You like Xenolade?
Name every single game. Name every game.
Well, that's not that hard. There's not
that many Xenolade. Oh, that's true. You
like Xenolade? Name every monster. Name
every game that starts with Zeno. Name
every game that starts with the X.
Fluca says, Celia RG, that game and talk
was off the rails. Loved that the pants
incident was gold. Uh for context, uh
Sean was wearing his pants backwards. Um
because I guess single life. How does
that even they're sweatpants? So it
wasn't the full-on butt crack we got. So
you stood up or what happened? But he
stood up and then his shorts were like
also there, but it looked like his pants
were falling down and like a lot of
things were going on. And so there's a
clip of me being like, "Sean, like
what's going on with your pants? Are you
taking like I was I was very confused.
What was happening? These are a pair of
sweatpants that I like to wear when I'm
lounging around the house and they have
a hole in the front. So that's how I
know, you know, and I noticed that the
hole was not there. So during the show I
was like, "Oh, [ __ ] They're on
backwards." So you stood up to show
everyone. No, I didn't do that. I stood
up standing up. I was standing up
because of the Knicks game. Well, that
doesn't I mean that's not as bad as the
time that we're literally his his ass
was out on screen. Like I'll do it
again. Get his whole channel
demonetized. One time he just got up and
it was like it was the eight mile line.
It was like walk my white ass crossing
black like 8 mile, you know, like back
to it was it was the B rabbit scene one
time.
Uh Zup says, "Assuming you pay enough to
avoid common FOMO, Genshin clones will
give more content per buck than Elder
Scrolls 6." Genchin clones. I don't
know. Elder Scroll A Elder Scrolls 6 for
Game Pass. I don't know. I'm good. I'm
I'm good on the freeto play Genchin
stuff. Genchin clones 2020. I've been
playing Oblivion a little bit. I like
it. Oh, w Okay, interesting.
Interesting. Hold on. Did you you played
Skyrim on Oblivion back in the day? Yes.
Okay, hold on one second. Christopher
says, "Purchased low sweater other day.
Join the club." Let's go.
Uh, Super Niss Matt says, "I'm just
messing with you, uh, Sean. It's all
good." Can I get that $2? Because I I I
mean, I made that happen. Let's be real
here. Take the YouTube and the taxes and
I'll drop you at 75 cents at too many
games. I'll take it. Get you a little
You get a soda. Hey, you almost get a
soda with that. I'll take it. Where?
It's like $2.
Well, AJ says, "If Fortnite is coming
back to iOS this week, can Microsoft
finally integrate cloud gaming into the
Xbox app?" Also, anyone going to PAX?
I'm not going to PAX. If anyone else is.
No. No. I'll be at West though. Oh, PAX
West. Okay, there we go. I am not going
to pack either.
Microsoft may be able to do that, but uh
we got an Epic is still like beating
Apple over the head right now. So, more
has to happen. Lupic says, "Waiting for
Switch 2 to finish Xeno X." Yep. Y RGT
season five. I mean, it's going to be
tough. It's It's definitely going to be
tough because we really do not have a
bench, but you know, crazier things have
happened. Never know. Claw says, "Clear
obscures frequent auto saves make it
easy to play short periods to farm
daily. Microsoft reward points. Very
helpful if you don't have much time to
spare." Very easy. There's really no
grinding in clear obscure. I mean, you
don't have to if you don't want to, but
yeah, there's really easy spots to grind
like where you can get tons of
experience and just level up quickly.
Josie, you were playing Oblivion
Remastered. Yeah. Okay. What do what do
you think about I I'm honestly curious
because I I don't know if people are
going to look at it and be like it's
better than Skyrim, but I I'm curious as
someone who didn't play Oblivion. You
played Skyrim. What do you think?
I think it's cool. I mean, I I haven't
played Skyrim for years, so I didn't
really remember it super well. I mean,
I'm I'm trying to get into the Mages
Guild right now. It's a little tedious
at some points, but I like it. I like
the missions. I like all that stuff. I
really like the the social thing where
you can like interact with them and you
have to like piss them off a little bit
but also like make them happy and get a
couple points.
So, I haven't I don't know. I haven't
gone like super deep into it, but I'm
liking it so far. Okay. Okay. You're
playing that on the What are you playing
on? PC. Xbox. Xbox. All right. On the
Series S. Yes. Interesting. I don't I
don't I feel like I only ever hear
anyone talking about on the PS5. PS5 Pro
or the Xbox Series X. How's it on the S?
It runs pretty well. I haven't really
seen any issues.
Okay. It's usually in like the open
world that people notice that the frame
like I've noticed even on the PS5 Pro,
the frame rate just like just struggles.
And then Sean turned it on quality mode
and almost threw up. The quality that
quality mode is atrocious. When you said
that, Sean, I wanted to see what Digital
Foundry said on it and yeah, they were
like, "Oh, I don't think it literally
performance or quality though. I don't
think it does. I don't get nauseous
playing video games. Like even VR and
[ __ ] I got nauseous in the first, you
know, minute of trying it on quality
mode. I was like I was blown away.
Yeah. I think the Series S just has one
mode. I don't think it has either. Yeah,
I haven't messed around with it at all,
but I haven't really noticed anything
that bad. I don't really play it in the
first person mode. I usually like skip
it out to third person because I I don't
like very many first person games, but
it's okay.
Um, I'm liking it enough to keep playing
it. So, I've had a good You got it on
Game Pass, right, Josie? Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. So, I didn't pay for it or it's
like included with Game Pass. Well, you
you paid for it. But yeah,
um, you can play Clare Obscure next.
Oh gosh. I don't know.
Don't cuz then the [ __ ] RPG Gestapo
over here will ask you a million
questions of it. Need to see your save
file, your completion percent. What
difficulty are you playing it on? I
don't know. I don't know if you're
always teasing us that we haven't beat
the game yet, Sean. So, I mean, sorry.
I'm I'm just responding to that. Hey,
I'm just
Right. It was It was addressed to John.
It was addressed to John cuz John has
been playing it. John says that's his uh
Okay, never mind. That's a He says
that's his treadmill game. Yeah, I just
been playing Clare Obscure a lot, even
just randomly. So, very good game. Very
good game. I'm playing Mario Odyssey on
the treadmill.
Mario Odyssey? That's See, that's those
I guess that could work. I first person
ones are hard. I don't know how you play
it Call of Duty on there, Sean. So, I
feel like I would start looking to the
right and then just start trailing to
the right. I don't know how I would do
that. I feel like I fall off the
treadmill. I don't I I don't use the
treadmill for Call of Duty. I have a
yoga mat and I just I just walk on that
and run on that and it works good. Like
I don't get because even that one time I
was playing Halo and I [ __ ] fell on
the goddamn You fell off the treadmill.
Yeah.
Wasn't a wasn't a good experience. The
yoga mat, the small like the slow moving
mat. Like it's a slower walking pad.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. They're called walking
pads, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're
just It's just slower so it's easier to
keep your your your line. I I don't know
how you guys do that. I've tried that
with like a Game Boy Color and I'll just
like walk off or like It's pretty easy
with the Switch because you can just
hold the Joy-Con like down on your waist
and just like actually walk normally.
Oh, like that's what I've been doing at
the floor.
No, like you set the switch up like
right Yeah. And then you hold it down at
your Oh, you have it on the TV. Okay. I
thought you were just like against you
just like looking straight down. Oh
yeah, that's what I was imagining. Like
you're walking and doing that comes off
and like set it right there and then
just walk. Do I have a stationary bike
in my den and like drag that over? If
you're pretty centered and you have a
large TV, it it it's it's not bad.
Like my treadmill is off to the side,
which doesn't help.
Let's uh let's talk about some of the
topics I I have here for us. So I guess
we'll start with the big one. Well,
actually, there's two there's two really
big stories, but the one that obviously
made waves for pretty much everyone was
Microsoft raising prices across the
board. And it wasn't even just a little
bit. It was uh it was a lot. So, I have,
let me see, here we go. I have the PDF
for it, which just shows all the the
price changes
here. And we have the Xbox Series S, the
new price. So, uh, Josie, how much was
How much was your I should ask you
before I show. How much was your Series
S when you bought it? They were having a
promotion, so I think I got mine for
$250.
You got it for $ 250. Okay. Well,
they're
$379.99 now. 380 for the 51 gig. Not
that big of a difference.
380. So, it was originally the price for
it that they had marked down as MSRP was
300. So, they're saying it moved up 80
bucks. Uh, the Series S1 TB is up to
430. The Series X digital is 550. The
Series X that launched at $500 in 2020
is now 600. And they did break the $700
mark with the Series X two TB Galaxy
Black Special Edition at
$730. So, anyone who bought an Xbox
Series system in the last three and a
half years, almost four years,
basically, your console has technically
appreciated in value. But everyone who
hasn't bought it, I don't really know
why you'd buy an Xbox now. Yeah.
Extremely hard sell. It's really wild to
look at my Xbox and be like, you were a
great financial investment.
It's like the stock market. It only goes
up. Wild. You know what's going to be
crazy? That uh that Galaxy Xbox that
that one's probably become incredibly
rare in the future.
Yeah. I mean it because no one who's
going to buy it for $730.
It's it's it's I think people already it
it's sold out.
I don't know why they even make them. I
don't know why they ship or make them.
They're not going to make many of them.
But the ones that are made, I think
those are going to actually, like I
said, there's not going to be a ton, but
those ones are going to sell out and
those are going to become incredibly
rare because of the pro it's the process
of the manufacturing process. Like
Microsoft isn't going to just make a ton
of those because of process that it
takes. It's
$729, right? 700. Yep. 730. 729. So,
yeah. So, people that have them already.
Yeah. Hold on to it because I think in
the future those are going to be worth
quite a bit.
Yeah. And I we're back to we're actually
at the $600 mark now for systems. Like
we're so there all these companies are
so worried about having their base
system there. Although I guess they have
the Series S they can pretend like oh
that's that's our base price is 380.
It's like h I feel like a lot of people
would look around at okay what's the 4K
system and then kind of go from there
and figure out finances but $600 for an
Xbox Series and then they have some of
their accessories the their wireless
controllers $65 for the core they have
like limited edition colors or different
colors you can pick from at 70. I mean
we we've talked about controllers now
like the what the Switch 2 Pro
controller is uh is that $85 or
something. So that I saw that funny
enough and I was like, "Ah, okay." $65.
Then the wireless special edition
controller 80 or 90. The Elite wireless
controller series 2 is $150. 200 with
all the attachments. A wireless headset
through them now is
$120. Uh things are just things are very
expensive now. Prices are
high. And they announced this
immediately. It was it happened May 1st.
They announced it. Boom. Prices were in
effect. So, everyone is
uh kind of concerned now in general for
pricing from Sony because I I don't know
how if Microsoft isn't holding this
price, I'm not really sure how Sony
holds it as well. I'm kind of thinking
Sony open probably I would say this
upcoming week. You guys want to take
bets what day? I say Wednesday. I don't
know about this Wednesday. I'd say
Tuesday. Wednesday feels like a day
everyone will just overlook the news and
just not care.
Okay. Yeah. Like the PS5 is still
manufactured in China too as well. So
the PS5 Yeah. So the PS I I feel like
Sony was trying to do something with
that, but like the vast majority of
their systems do come out of China. Same
with Microsoft. Vast majority of their
Xboxes come out of China. And it is
interesting the timing. I will say this
for Microsoft with the the tariff stuff
as again people are going back and forth
online about all this with the tariffs
but there was a loophole that got closed
on May 2nd and Microsoft announced this
May 1st for shipments from China. So the
t the timing definitely lines up of we
do these things in batches. Uh it's 145%
tariff prices going up now.
I think there is uh I I we we talked
about this Sean. There is there's a lot
going on here with this because we have
people love to use the inflation
calculator. How many times we see that
in the past two weeks now? Inflation
calculators everywhere. People love that
thing. But the
tariffs obviously is a is something
that's being pointed to here. Nintendo
pointed to it. Microsoft kind of alluded
to it, but they didn't necessarily point
directly at it. And I feel like we're
going to hear have Sony discuss this
with at least with investors, if not an
announcement this week coming up. Um,
but I if the tariff, let's say the
tariffs keep they keep going back and
forth, like who knows what'll happen
this week coming up. If the tariffs go
away this week, are these prices going
to go down next week? The band-aid's
been ripped off. The the tariff and
world economic situation is the comfort
blanket because you don't you don't even
have to explain it. You don't even that.
That's the beauty of it is you can just
point to that and and nobody will say,
"Oh, shareholders won't question."
Nobody's going to question it. It it's
just it's that security blanket that you
have and you can do what you feel like
you you need to do or want to do or
haven't had the balls to do with it.
Does it play a role? Of course it does.
Is it a thing that when or if I should
say, you know, they adjust? because more
than likely they will. Are you going to
see a dramatic decrease in these prices?
No, you're you're not like it's it's a
simple thing. There's a a thread um that
um Jean Park had shared from a guy what
was his job title like financing at
Square Enix or something like that. It's
uh Daniel has shared it's it's business
Square Enix Holdings. Yeah. who who kind
of broke down why just saying tariffs is
is not, you know, the the proper answer
to this. And, you know, a lot of it is
just, you know, people talking because
you hear things and if that's what you
you want to attach yourself to that
like, yeah, sure you can. But I it's
it's a lot more nuanced than just what
you kind of see at the surface level.
And at best, what you're going to see
out of this is occasional sales that
feel awesome that might whip people up
to want to purchase stuff because people
do respond better to seeing a sale
rather than seeing a console that they
can't put on sale. Exactly. And it just
constantly stays at the same price. It's
like It's like having, you know, it's
like a Black Friday sale on something
that might have been $500 earlier in the
year. Then in the summer they jack it up
to $700. Then it's on sale Black Friday
at $599.99. $100 savings. Look at this.
Look at this. You're getting the savings
now. And like people, you know, they
just they beat it up. They're like, "Oh,
I've got to get it
now." Yeah. I mean, I see what you're
saying for sure, Sean. I look at it
because the tariffs are 100%. And if you
look at the the Xbox Series is not
selling like crazy. There is no
incentive to have this type of bad PR or
whatever if there wasn't a serious
problem. the Xbox series is it's not
like it's in any position of power. So
them doing this there is a def
definitive and reason why this is being
done. I I don't think it's a scapegoat
for tariffs personally. I think that the
tariffs are there and I think that the
inflation and economy is there.
Otherwise there is zero reason to hit
yourself with an Xbox for a $700 Xbox
Series X 5 years after the system is
launched. You're raising the price that
much. The only way this is being done is
because there are circumstances that is
causing it. I don't think this is
because they want to make more money out
of nowhere. There's no way. This system
is not selling. So if there if they were
in a position of power, I would agree
100% with that. But like, you know, but
they're not. The Series S does not sell.
The Series X does not sell. That's the
thing, cuz you're saying it's not
selling. I'm seeing people in chat be
like, "Oh, we just have to stop buying
it." We're talking about the Xbox here.
People already tried that. I mean, you
have the fi the finances always say down
30% hardware, down 25% hardware. They
were it was shocking when I think they
said it was down 6%. And it's like,
well, yeah, the closer you get to zero,
eventually those percentages are going
there is no incentive for them to raise
their prices and think that's going to
help them in any type of way. There's
zero. There's nothing. Now, if Sony, if
this was Sony first, you can say, okay,
Sony's selling a lot. They're, you know,
you can kind of say that a little bit
more like, okay, tariffs, they're
selling a lot, but Xbox is not selling.
So, raising the prices to this degree is
to me there's there's definitely a a
large circumstance that's causing this.
There's that I Oh, I agree uh with OJ on
like them needing to um do I think it's
the right move? No. Um I've been pushing
against forever. I do not like that
either. I want to make sure I put that I
do not like the price raises and I don't
think it'd be a you know I'm not saying
that that's a good thing or anything
like that. I just want to make sure I
make that clear. Oh, of course. Of
course. Uh so you guys heard it from OJ.
He likes it when the prices go up.
Mine goes up. He's like I love it as
your t-shirt says it too. I heart
inflation. Yeah. But it's just kind of
like one of those things that they could
have you know if things weren't super
messed up like they could have
positioned themselves as the more
economic option for boosting console
sales. you know, you're looking at
everything, they're going up, but this,
you know, it's good value. You can play
your Xbox on this and everything else.
It it would have made sense to do that
like and then possibly get more sales
coming into the holiday seasons that
would since it would be the cheaper
option. So, yeah, it's things aren't
looking good. Xbox doesn't really care
about selling hardware. Every remember
everything is an Xbox. It's about games
for them. And now hardware are expensive
just like everything. Yeah, hardware is
not their main focus. It hasn't been
their main focus for a while now. And
that's why they're putting games on
things like other platforms and stuff
like that because they want publisher
money. They weren't they the biggest
publisher for the first half of 2025 on
uh PlayStation and PlayStation. Yeah. I
mean that's where they're making money.
You're not making money on hardware. So
raise the prices. Who cares? Nobody's
buying this [ __ ] anyways. Like I do not
think that they're pitching that to
their stakeholders going to raise the
prices. No one's buying this [ __ ]
anyway. Like and then they all high-five
in the back room. No, that's not how
that works either. Like what about the
$80 game? That's a whole completely
different I can I can explain it if you
guys want. Yeah,
go they did mention that they're going
to be raising some games as again. We
heard what is it? We heard uh variety of
pricing, variable pricing. We're going
to decide which games should be 80 and
which ones should be less. So that's
starting this holiday season. I It seems
obvious. Call of Duty. We'll just throw
that out there. Most likely, as an
example, an $80 game. It's probably the
most expensive game they create
nowadays. You're going to find a ton of
these on Game Pass just before they
raise the price on it. Yeah. Don't don't
don't leave Game Pass out of it. They
haven't announced the price of Game
Pass. Yeah, that price is going up.
They'll they'll probably do that.
Because I mean, if they didn't care,
then just leave the price the same. If
they don't care about hardware, what's
the point of taking this PR hit? If
hardware doesn't matter, doesn't just
leave the price. Just just leave it
because I don't think they want to lose
money on it. I I don't think they care
to lose that much money on it. Jumping
on like a couple of these things. So,
Sean mentioning that Xbox only cares
about software. Well, yeah, they did the
pivot for that because user acquisition
to get people to switch over to a
console rather than doing their normal
buying patterns on their own console is
much cheaper. like user acquisition is
very costly in general especially since
people are pretty settled into what
console or platform that they're playing
on and that's like the main thing that
they do. Um so just touching on that
note the $80 games I'm pretty sure and
obviously I have no inside info on this
that that probably was a a background
discussion um with all platform holders.
So variable pricing unfortunately I
think is their new thing. Um, if
consumer buying patterns show, hey, that
doesn't work. People don't buy the $80
games, then they'll they'll pivot. But,
um, as we've seen with the Switch 2
pre-orders, people people will pay for
the $80 Mario Kart. So, they're going to
pay for the $80
whatever on the other platforms except
Xbox because I don't know I don't know
if people are going to buy $80 games on
Xbox. I don't I don't know if they are.
Okay, I literally corrected myself.
Sorry. $80 games on PlayStation.
Unfortunately, Xbox uh is buyer like
ecosystem is a little weird. So, doesn't
exist. May maybe you want to say that
some people buy games on Xbox ecosystem.
There are some
sales and um yeah, we'll we'll see.
Maybe Xbox's ecosystem could help sway
showing that people aren't going to buy
the $80 games. I don't know. We'll see.
Have their prices gone up anywhere aside
from the US? Yeah, it's it's basically
worldwide the price raises. Yeah. So,
they've moved it up. Uh I think they
they had a list of this the the PDF I
had here is just for the United States.
Okay. But I believe they had it in like
Europe, Australia. They had like
basically everywhere columns and rows
and stuff all over the place trying to
show it. Uh so but for the most part it
seemed to go up roughly 30% worldwide
seemed to be what the the price increase
was uh per skew or
console. So the the price just went up
everywhere. It's just it's an expensive
system everywhere. Now uh just for
context why why I mentioned Call of Duty
is most likely an $80 game this holiday
in this was actually done by Stephen
Datilla who looked into some of the the
filings that were done with the FTC
because there's like really poor
redactions in general. Well, that's how
we found out about The Last of Us Part
Two's budget was, I think, 225 million
or something. But in 2019, Modern
Warfare's budget was $640
million and Black Ops Cold War in 2020.
So, five years ago,
before all madness broke out with
inflation, all paid out celebrities.
What are you talking about? That's
market budgets. All the celebrities they
use for their games. That was seven.
That was $700 million for their budget
on that 5 years
ago. So I I don't know if if they're
they're getting close to that billion
dollar mark. They might be for Call of
Duty development, which is
crazy, but that that thing that thing's
80 bucks. However, we are now contending
with $80 games and I I Ghost of Yote was
listed at 70 for now. So somehow, right,
at least in this Yeah. At least in this
period of time currently, which might
last less than a few days. We'll see
what this week holds for us. Well, I
mean, if you want the full game, it's
80, but yeah, it's 70 horse armor. If
you want DLC, but like they ripped out
of the game stuff or something. Yeah.
Yeah. But but like they have it at $70.
So somehow someway, at least right now,
Sony is like the budget-minded system,
which is weird for the week.
for the week. Yeah, because Yote isn't
coming out till October. If you honestly
think that that's gonna stay the same. I
mean, it could, but I'm leaning more
towards it not. I still think it'd be
the greatest dunk ever if GTA was like
70 bucks and that's it. Make it 50.
Dude, if they did it for 50, it'd be the
greatest dunk of all time. Go on. their
shareholders would revolt and they would
until it sells like 10 times more than
any
game problem. We could have made 10 We
could have made a million times more.
You dumb ass price double that and
there's the biggest problem. That's how
shareholders work. They they no money
you make. Yeah. Shareholders.
Shareholders have [ __ ] up the entire
industry.
Well, I mean shareholders have been I
mean it's not just gaming. Shareholders
in like damn near everything. Company's
going public. [ __ ] Yeah, everything's
going. I mean, it's going public.
Meanwhile, Meanwhile, Valve completely
private. Fine. Yeah. Trucking right
along. Yeah. Once Gabe dies or moves on,
it's just they'll probably go public and
screw. They go public. Somebody buys
them. He could put it in his will or
something, right? Okay. Can't [ __ ] with
this.
We'll see with Val. That That's the
thing that always concerns me as Gabe
gets older, thinking about retirement,
moving away. Okay. It's like he could
have a protege. He probably has a
protege. Yeah. But that guy could have
secret dealings. So he's like, "Yeah,
I'll definitely run this normal." Secret
the secret. Okay. Secret gaming
dealings. Backdoor gave. That's That's
okay. If it makes
money I mean I mean Steam makes a lot of
money. I mean obviously they make way
more money if they were public but the
control you know you lose a lot. Yeah.
But they all like everyone that works
there makes so much more money than
almost any person in this country. I
mean, a company that pocketed 4 billion
in revenue introduced the $80 game this
year. Last that pocketed four billion in
revenue last year, introduce the $80
game this year. So, it's it's truly
never enough. You got to squeeze that
blood. See how much you can get out of
it. It's variable pricing.
If Wendy's can do variable pricing, so
can games. I hate everything.
I saw McDonald's is doing a $5 meal now.
Well, okay, that's the $5 meal. There's
like there's fast food places in this
country that different times of day will
have different pricings.
Like happy hour. Yeah. Basically, if
there's higher foot traffic, the burger
costs more. Yeah. Two. Well, that that
was the thing at Sonic back in the day.
We That [ __ ] was cheaper from two to
five because that was happy hour. Did
you see somebody tweeted out the old
dollar menu for McDonald's from like 20
years ago or something is crazy looking
now. It's like some of the stuff under
on there was 79 cents or something.
Dude, it wasn't even McDonald's. Go to
Taco Bell with 50 bucks and just make
everyone angry. Well, you used to be
able to 50 burritos, please. You get the
12 tacos, soft tacos for 10 bucks. We
used to buy when it was me and a couple
buddies back then living in a house
together. We used to get that for
dinner. We'd all have four tacos.
Hey, cost us 333.
Can't beat it. So, we think uh
potentially this week Sony could make a
move because they have they have their
investors stuff. Not this week, the
following week. And they're absolutely
being asked about tariffs and how
they're dealing with it. That is
definitely happening. We need more
money. We're shareholders. We need more
money. That's just how it is, man. Yeah.
How will the shareholders buy their
third yacht if they do not raise the
price of these
consoles? Think of their value. Yeah.
start thinking about the families of the
shareholders, not everybody. Then as
they stop making money, they'll blame
the creatives and then the creatives
will get laid off. So right now,
right now the PS5 Pro is $30 cheaper
than the Series X two terabyte. That's
digital only.
Right. For Yeah. Without the disc drive
for the Yeah, without with the disc
drive. Yeah, you got to put that on
there. But I mean these systems they
already I think the pro they already
don't really make a ton of money you
know and then if you have the import on
top of that that I think that's where
they are looking at it from that
standpoint you know um so I'm going to
be interested to see what Sony does like
if you're looking at like even like next
generation that's going to be super
interesting. What's the price of the
next system going to be? Oh yeah PS5 Pro
is 700 and I don't think they're making
any profit off that PS5 Pro. I don't
think they're making too much off of
that if they are. So, what's the next
system going to be? That That's going to
be crazy. The next Xbox is a $100 Fire
Stick. Well, that I mean PS that PS5 Pro
might just go up into $750, $800 without
the disc drive. We I mean, some people
are joking about the thousand system for
next generation.
[Music]
I wouldn't joke. I wouldn't. Yeah, we're
getting because a a PS5 Pro with a disc
drive I I have both and that is eight
that is legitimately after tax. My my
nice California tax. It's definitely
800. It's 800 something with tax. So
that is closeish, right? It's kind of
it's kind of getting up there. PC about
become the budget gaming option? No,
because PC parts have a PC
part budget option and those are like
over a grand. There's like a big push to
try to bring like chip manufacturing
back to the US. So, I'd be real
concerned about any of the GPUs right
now that are being sold like that is
going to get some probably crazy stuff
tacked on top. That's true. Chip
manufacturing in the U. Yeah. Oh, look
the prices for that. I think prices are
expensive now. If it's done here, people
don't want to do those jobs and if they
do, you got to pay them better than what
Yeah. You got you got to if you're going
to bring it here, you got to lower the
cost for them to be able to live doing
it. 8bit Doough had had a whole thing
that happened the other day where on
their website they posted that they
weren't going to ship to the US anymore
because of the tariffs. Like they're
putting a hold on all shipments to the
US and they pulled it down for now and
replaced it with oh the factories are
closed for Labor Day or something. So I
I don't know if backup the following
week. So I'm not sure. That's if you say
tariffs. Oh, so go ahead. Oh, their
factories are closed for Labor Day. Like
that I feel like that doesn't happen. Do
they have Labor Day? No, no, cuz like
like I I work is Labor Day. It's as
known as Mayday. It's a national holiday
celebrated on May 1st. On May 1st, but
then everyone comes back like a week
later. So they said a while to spin back
up, but for some Sorry. Okay. Sorry, my
brain's just factecking that because I
know production schedules. I work in
third party. I work with factories. I
know how it works. If you mention
tariffs that then it becomes people
start getting super like political about
it, right? Like you get a lot of people
that want to get like crazy on one side
or another. So if you say that because
of how it can be a little bit of a
charged topic for some people, not every
not normal people, but for some people
it can get pretty crazy online if you
just mention them, right? In in that
type of way, all things considered. So,
I think companies are avoiding using
some company, not everyone, but some
companies are avoiding using the word,
you know, tariff on there. O, people
have been posted some of their receipts
like on for tariffs on stuff coming in
and they have like $2,000 in parts and
then the the fee on top is $2,500 or
something crazy. It's like, what? Amazon
tried to do the tariff Amazon tried to
do the tariff calculator and they were
told not to. Yeah. Then they got they
they got gagged by the government. They
got don't do that. Did you guys see
that? That was crazy. I did see that.
They They were like Bezels was like
Bezels was like, "No, we we didn't do
that." [ __ ] Yeah, you did.
Oh, man. Okay, let's I would actually
I'd actually be curious to see that when
I buy something. I I don't know. It' be
interesting just to see the breakdown.
They were just going to do it on like
Amazon Hall, I think, though, which is
like the Teimu Amazon experience.
Government don't like Don't ask them for
receipts for ask them where your tax is
being paid spent for it. Don't ask them
that. I don't like that. I'm going to
pay this, but where where's all this
going? What's this used for? Now you
disappear. I like how every company's
walking everything back right now
constantly. We're going to do this.
We're not going to do this. Actually,
we're just kidding. That was a joke.
Don't remember that every single second.
Yeah, capitalism. Yay.
I'm laughing but crying. It's weird.
Well, the other game that was mentioned
that could be more than $80 is GTA 6
because it is uh it is delayed. So,
everyone said it was not coming out this
year. Go ahead, take your victory lap.
Which, then it was Sean. That was one. I
was, you know, I was there for the 2025
people. I was holding out hope. I was I
was like, Rockstar, they can do it.
Foolish. They can do it. And then they
didn't. It's coming out May 26, 2026.
So, we have a release date for it just,
you know, a year from now. I wonder if
people were reading that. Didn't read
the headline. and looked at oh May 27
2026. Yeah, they said it's just to help
polish the game further. They just need
more time on it. Jason Trier followed up
on his account and mentioned that uh
they don't want to do any kind of crazy
crunch, nothing like that. And they
didn't think it was ever going to make
its apparent 2025 release anyway. So,
this just this lines up with what's been
going on internally there as well. But I
I I thought since they told the
shareholders that it had to come out
this year. That that's what people
yelled at me about. They yelled at you
for about that? Yeah. Oh, well it looks
like I mean the shareholders yelled at
Take two as well because as soon as they
made the announcement I mean their stock
dropped like 15%. It was it was
immediate. The line on the graph is just
straight down. That doesn't matter to be
honest though. That doesn't matter. You
know why? Because once the game comes
out and it's the biggest thing ever and
GTA Online 2 comes out and they're
making a bazillion dollars a second,
those [ __ ] everything's going to go
right back up. So, I mean like right now
it doesn't look so good, but yeah, it's
going to be fine when it comes out, you
know, when it finally does come out, you
know. Yeah. Oh,
yeah. Absolutely will. And they'll
probably get 80 bucks for it. 90 bucks
for it, something like that. So, they'll
Yeah. And they'll get microtransactions
for the next 10 years. You know what the
crazy thing is? This is just a side
note. My daughter was born one year
before GTA 5 came out and now at this
point the same year she's going into
high school next year
when the game comes out. From baby to
high school. Freshman in high school in
the time period from GTA 5 to GTA 6.
That's crazy. I just just realized that.
Cory McIntyre says, "I heard they
delayed it to take some woke stuff out."
No, this is Wake Allen Wake. They were
doing an integration with Alan Wake in
it. Yeah, they decided to not do the
crossover. It's a you dumbass. It's an
at So it's whack stuff.
At whack wacky sign. I hope don't wake
up tomorrow morning.
No, it says right here they got to take
the woke stuff out. I probably There you
go. See? Wake Allan wake. Woke
woke. This is from Design Life. says,
"Are there any numbers on how many
pre-orders of Mario Kart sold at AE by
itself?" I think most are getting it as
a $50 digital in the Switch 2 bundle.
That I mean that's if you get the bundle
cuz the system I
am that's my emergency break if needed
is not a bundle.
Yeah, there's no numbers on the
pre-orders. I mean, most of the stores
that people were posting, they had more
Mario Kart bundles than the regular ones
at most places. So, I think a good
amount of people will probably get the
Mario Kart bundle and of course once the
system actually comes out and all that,
but there's no numbers now. We'll pro
we'll get numbers later. Like, what did
Mr. M say 13 million in two weeks? I'm
holding that. Mr. M, remember Mr. M like
two weeks ago? Oh, you were like, were
you like fighting with him all the time?
Distant cousin to Mr. T. Yeah, Mr. M the
legend in the chat. I know he's
watching. Uh 13 million in two weeks for
the system. Yep. Mr. M. Yeah, that
that's not possible. Uh he's been
playing video games for since like 1983
according to him. So you engage with
every chatter who's like that. I just
engage with the weird ones. Those are my
all chatters. Okay. 13 million in two 13
million in two weeks seems I don't think
they're even going to be able to ship
that many. Like don't doubt Mr. M. He'll
find a
way. Mr. M will find him over himself.
I think he was trolling you. I think he
was probably trolling you. No, he's not.
He's He He's He makes If If you fused
you and Nintendo Prime together, it
would not be anywhere near the the
Nintendo fanboy that that man is. Like
you would have to level up like a
hundred times to be anywhere near him.
This break the damage limit and
everything. Yeah, dude is crazy. Limit
breaker. I just said facts though. So,
and I have all the systems. So, I'm
playing CLC. playing PlayStation right
now. I real hardcore Nintendo fans do
not play PlayStation like this. Let's uh
let's just let's just get on the record
now. Do we think it's coming out May 26,
2026? GTA 6.
Yes.
I'm going to say I'm going to say yes
because they gave a definitive date.
They could have ballparked it. They
could have said, you know, spring or
something like that. I I I think I think
it'll it'll come out that day. Okay. I
was like, I wonder if they really I What
if it fell to holiday
2020? Gosh, what would the announcement
be? Just kidding. A new date. I can't
believe it. It really is more. It's It's
almost 13 months away still. That's
crazy. GTA 6. Gosh,
that could be longer than it was coming
out this year.
I think it's a good I was hopeful. I was
hoping there's so much chaos going on
right now. Like it's it's smarter to
have a more focused release. Uh
hopefully when things get better. So it
is I'm I'm cool with them doing that.
They could still do some kind of update
or trailer, anything
soon. Hopefully. It's been like 400
something days. People People countdown
every day online about that last
trailer. Maybe they delayed it so that
they could do a day and date one for the
Nintendo Switch, too. Okay, let's calm
down over there. Jesus Christ. We're
more likely to see people on Twitter
need to [ __ ] think before they type.
We're more likely to see something like
at the Game Awards or something. I feel
like that'd be more appropriate if
they're releasing in spring. I think
it'd be f I think it'd be funny if they
did. They released on that day and it
was GTA 6 episode one.
Oh man,
there would be riots.
The the expectations for this game just
keep going up now. So people I already
see people online. You got you better be
able to walk in every single building I
see in this game. No questions asked.
And it's like o. What do you think this
is? True crime streets in New York.
Shenmue.
[Music]
[ __ ]
spitting. Gosh. Uh, that's take two.
Well, now people can announce all their
all these companies can announce their
release date. So, all of a sudden, we'll
see a bunch of them get announced at
least in the next month. Got June coming
up with summer gamefest
and directs and state of plays, I guess,
showcases, Microsoft doing their thing.
So, it's going to be I feel like we're
going to have a ton of games just jammed
into the next what eight, nine months
now. I guess technically the first
quarter of next year, too. You could
have February and March get a bunch of
stuff even April just ahead of it. I
wonder if Xbox is going to have to delay
stuff because of the backlog
again. Yeah, we say that, but then they
drop Oblivion Remastered right next to
Clare Obscure as they're putting stuff
on the PS5 as well. So, I don't I we
know what we know what was going on
there. We know what's going on there.
backlog. Let me go over back. Let me go
over to this
again. Author says, "Did you you guys
see the tonedeaf move Aspire made for
their May the 4th Star Wars collection?
$90 on both Switch and PS5, but Switch
gets nine games and PlayStation gets
six."
Huh. No, I didn't see that. What's in
that collection? Let me
see. Ctor. Uh oh. Force Unleashed, like
all the just a bunch of stuff like the
the bounty hunter thing, I think. Or
yeah, it's like a bunch of games. Uh
Jedi Knight, Jedi Academy, Bounty
Hunter, Kotar, Jedi Power Battles, Force
Unleashed, Racers, Kotar 2, Republic
Commando, Jedi Knight 2.
Okay.
The PlayStation version does not have
Force Unleashed or the Kotar games. Oh.
Oh, Force Unleashed is like the That's
like the Wii version for Yeah, it's the
Wii version in there. So, that that
never came to the
PlayStation version of Forced Unleashed,
like the specific PlayStation version. I
guess it would have to be I don't know.
Did that get moved to the I'm trying to
think cuz that was on PS3. Yeah, it
never came to the PS4 or Yeah. Yeah, it
never Yeah, they never actually ported
the Force Unleashed or the Force
Unleashed 2. I don't think they ever
did. Yeah. No, you can play it backwards
compatible on Xbox, but Yep.
But yeah, there is no PS3 or sorry, PS4
version of that. Huh, interesting.
Vampire Slayer says Sean has to keep the
holes in the back for other reasons. I'm
not elaborating. Good to see everyone.
GTA 6 being delayed. Who didn't see that
coming? Sup game and talk homies.
Sup light says RGC. Let's get a Knicks
versus Wolves finals. Go Wolves. That
would that would be fun just because of
the all the implications.
Knicks would lose
to the Wolves. Yeah.
Wolves. I mean, honestly, if the Knicks
get that means they they took out they
took out their two biggest issues in the
regular season, the finals, right? That
means they took out the Celtics and they
took out the Cavs. They couldn't Oh. So,
no love for Indiana. You don't think
Indiana can surprise Cleveland? Nope.
Indiana's trash. Soft. Indiana. I
wouldn't say they're soft. They're soft.
Hallebertton is soft. Hallebertton's a
[ __ ] [ __ ] Um, but soft. Nah,
Seakum's not soft.
Yeah, he's he's cool, but the other guys
are soft. Miles Turner is pretty good,
too. Monado Mario says, "Reg brought up
a good discussion when it comes to
misinfo, but in my opinion, it's both
sides. There's YouTubers double down on
spreading misinfo but also Nintendo not
doing full I think full d full diligence
diligence dull diligence. Also, what is
that? What is that currency? You live in
the United States. I met you at too many
games last year. What the hell is NT?
Netherlands. Uh, no.
NT. Sean's gonna Sean's got to figure
this out now. Taiwan. Yeah. Oh, all
right. I guess he's on vacation. No,
he's he's entire Monado Mario comes to
my streams all the time. He he does not
live in the US. I think he lives in he
lives somewhere else cuz he's talking
about he was working in China and
working in different places. So
nice. Are you thinking of Monado Max? I
think that's a different guy. Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Mario is
definitely Mario. He would have told me
Pickle Rick says, "I'm currently playing
the remaster on my
portal." Port Sicilian Gamer says,
"Urban style detractors cancelled my
Switch, my two Switch 2 pre-orders from
Walmart. Can the Spawncast help me? I
did nothing wrong and did everything
correct." Well, follow Jake.
Oh, it's He's making fun of another
content creator. Oh. Oh, just kidding.
I like tuned out and was like, "Oh, he's
making fun of another that infamous
content creator. An infamous content
creator. Oh, okay. Sorry about the loop
on that one. Yeah, I'll tell you guys
later. I'll tell you. Put it in the
chat. Author says, "No cotor one and two
or the force unleashed on PlayStation.
People are begging for cotor on
PlayStation." The comments and not the
remake. Uh this is from Helman says,
"Was going to grab a Series S for the
bedroom. The 1X is coming out of
retirement." Technically, you can you
technically you can do that. Yeah, you
can also stream through the older Xbox
consoles. Like the VCR I I feel like
should be able to do that. So, have to
stream it, but that's just kind of where
we are now with the near $400 Series
S. Hank the Tank says, "I I brought
bought my Xbox Series X for 350 during
the Black Friday Cyber Monday week."
Yeah, those things were pretty cheap. I
mean, 250 for a Series S. I feel like it
was 200 at one point. Fast forward what
a year later, two years later.
This is from Timothy. It says, "Can't
purchase game second time now. You using
user accounts on linked switches. Only
way to do simultaneous now is using a
Switch 2 or unlin consoles. Purchasing
everything twice on two unlin users."
We're going to answer that in a second.
Anyone understood that?
Claw says, "Fools are still saying
tariffs aren't to blame because it's not
just US prices increasing. Clowns don't
realize price jumps elsewhere are
covering US losses. Otherwise, we'd be
seeing $1,200 US prices." There's
definitely subsidizing going on.
Definitely subsidizing going on in
general. Yeah. Well, because Microsoft
and Sony have raised the price of uh the
systems in multiple other regions, you
know. So, Sony Sony did that a couple
times now. Japan. Crazy. Yeah. So, they
were So, Exactly. with the That's the
thing with Sony is they really don't
want to raise the PS5 price in the US.
So I I don't know if they have some
other trick up their sleeve for this,
but it's like the last thing they want
to do is raise that. Microsoft, everyone
said basically it's like if they're not
selling it, everything's an Xbox, but
that's not really PlayStation strategy.
They they got to sell
PlayStations. Zup says Xbox has bad
economy of scale though.
Uh, and
then Zarski says, "What's up with
episodes going up so late on Spotify?"
So, SoundCloud had a handshake issue
with Spotify that I had to fix and now
it goes up on time or
normally. Spotify or SoundCloud has some
weird thing where they changed like
their entire format now, like the whole
UI. So, they keep changing. I remember
they screwed us up completely when they
changed it once and I had to fill out
like all these forms. Once I fixed it,
all of a sudden it was like, "Oh, you're
good." And then it popped up on one
spot. It was, "Oh, great. Thanks.
GeForce guy says, "Hi, Sean." Celia,
thanks for liking my short KSP. Thanks
for the video. It was funny.
Suda for Gaming says, "Scelia, do you
think the increase in pricing will help
push indie games to the forefront and
potentially encourage more creative
development?" Um, I think
that's I would like to think that um
that there's, you know, a I guess a less
expensive option. um people will sway
more to that and you know spend their
dollar on indie games because they rule.
Uh in general indie games are innovation
because they are able to take risks and
do different things that um sometimes
AAA can't just because the budget scale
of things. Um I would love to see an
indie boom. Um, but we we'll just have
to see because I'm I I don't want to get
too much into it. But, um, with indie
games in general, you know, there's a
certain amount of market share that we
get visibility on platforms and with
content creators and with uh,
traditional news. And if um, we're
fighting for that same space that AAA
companies are that are able to um, in
their showcases give more attention to
their games that are struggling, they're
more likely to do that possibly. I don't
know. Uh, so that worries me. So,
there's a lot that goes into it, but I'm
really hoping that that we we get a
second boom because indie games are
awesome and there's there's so many cool
not $80 price point games out there that
deserve attention.
Timothy says, "Who knew Switch 2 450 to
500 was still a budget?" Yeah, now the
Switch to pricing doesn't look as bad
after after that PDF went out from
Microsoft. So, there's that.
And then design says, "Are there any
numbers on how many pre-orders?" Did
that one. And Taker says, "Next gen Xbox
called the Xbox Series money sign."
Might be. That'd be sick. Cory says,
"Maybe they will port the 360 to play."
Oh, the
um Force Unleashed. Force Unleashed.
They could. I mean, someone will just
have to port it. I'm sure they could,
but it's They probably wonder if the
money's there. Although, the Force
Unleashed, I don't hear as many people
talk about it now. I was super like
hyped up when it came out. It was kind
of I was like big time back then. I mean
it was not that great. No, I mean it
wasn't it wasn't great. I don't think it
was bad. I think it was like like the
first one specifically. It was like it
was an okay game. It's a fun game. Six
six seven out of 10 type of game. It's
okay. It's I mean it's a cool concept
and like the character is cool and all
that. I did I was hyped for it. I mean I
bought it. I haven't played in a long
time. I should go back and play that
again at some point. The second one's
like 5 hours long or
something. John O coming with a big
hundred says, "Hot diggity. It's been a
minute. Hope y'all are well." Sean
didn't make this happen, but if he makes
too many games, he may earn his cut.
Probably won't make it. We'll let y'all
know if possible. Have a great night.
Yeah, let us know, Jono, if you get out
there to too many games. I think uh
bunch of us will actually be out there
this year. So, it should be a good
panel. And um we're going to have a
longer time for signings cuz last time
we end up in the parking lot. This time
though, they're going to give us an
extra hour. So we won't have to try to
rush and go through everything and then
still just end up in the parking lot
under a tree. So that'll be good. Shout
out to John under a tree last time.
Damn. Well, we were trying to find shade
cuz it was like 90° outside and we
literally just stood there going
through, you know, the wine and the
signings and everything, which was fine,
but it was like everyone else had to
wait in line away from the shade in the
sun. I was like, uh, we should let them
know for next next year that people
don't have to stand outside for this.
So, I'll try to make it. I just make
sure that I don't fly Spirit ever again.
So, Well, yeah, don't do that. Yeah,
never fly Spirit. I'll try to make it. I
just I don't like traveling that far to
the east coast. I'll keep it above.
Spirit does coastal. I thought that they
only they only do local. No, they do
coastal. I flew from Florida to to LA
one time. I thought I was dying. I
thought I thought the plane was going
down.
I've only used them for like Vegas for
like contact which is like 40 minutes or
like San Francisco. I didn't realize why
would you put yourself in
$7. It's a $70 cross country flight
though. I was like, "That's not worth
your life, man."
I think mine was like round trip for
like 160 or something. That's mine was
round trip for 70 bucks. I was like,
"Hell yeah." There's a few things in
life you try not to poverty route for.
And the plane the whole time for 5 hours
just like shaking. Oh my gosh.
I swear I was thinking I'm like, "Dude,
this is like Homelander." I'm like,
"This is going to be like Homelander.
this plane's going to go. That's what I
did. I fully came to terms with the fact
that I was going to die on that plane
during that flight. I was like, "All
right, well, what can we do?" I'm glad
that you guys both
uh went through the stages. You could
tell the people who already who fly on
spirit, they were just they were cool
and come. They were just like, "Man,
this Yeah, the guy next to me was sound
asleep." I was like, "God damn, how are
you?" Cuz little do you know, they've
got parachutes under their shirts.
They're just like, "Yeah, dude. The last
people that were and the people that
were like people were looking around
like, "What the like? Oh my god, what's
happening?" The last time I flew Spirit,
um, you know how they do that contest
where, uh, oh, I won another contest
with this. Um, you know, they do that
contest where you win free miles to fly
with them again. Um, or I guess during
my flight they did that and I was the
one that won. I guess my seat didn't
run. You gave them to your enemy, right?
No, I just didn't use them. But like the
flight attendants like, "Yay!" Like try
to get me excited. I'm like, "I'm not
coming back here ever."
Oh my god. I'll never fly Spirit. I
never after that never never a chance
ever again. Jesus Christ. Author says
cotor on PlayStation is a sticking
point. Not the remake we want. What the
Switch got. Talk about that. H we got to
get Aspire on that one. They got they
got yelled at for their ctor I think
two. The whole DLC situation with
that. Shadow Nexus says, "What if Xbox
after price increase makes online free?"
No. It would be nice. They kind of have
to to combine PC and Xbox into a like an
even field, but even like playing field.
I don't think they're going to though,
which is just weird. They make two
that's
guaranteed yearly monthly yearly revenue
in the multiple millions. Like you you
get rid of that and that's it would be
nice. Don't get me wrong. It'd be it'd
be super cool. It'd be it'd be great
because I mean I have Xbox and you know
I' I'd probably play maybe if I don't
play multiplayer too much but if I did
it'd be great for the users and I would
like that of course but I just looking
at it from the other side I don't see
them giving up all that revenue. I mean
they make a lot a lot of people
subscribe to you know the Xbox Live to
get the the core to get what you know
whatever they have various different
packages so you you get rid of all that
and or you get not all of it. I mean you
could still probably get Xbox uh Xbox
Game Pass but like you get rid of having
that they would have to sell Game Pass.
That would have to be the big sell
because you can do cloud saves without a
subscription. You don't need you don't
need uh Xbox Live for that. You also
don't need it for Fortnite. So
technically you can play Fortnite and do
all your cloud saves backed up with with
no Xbox Live uh Game Pass core or
whatever. So they're already kind of
like halfway there. They just got to
really go like push over the line and
go, "Okay, nope. We don't even need it
for online play." But who knows they'll
ever do it. Someone should. Yeah, that's
just they just make too they just make
too much money with so I just don't see
them I don't see them dropping that with
how much they make but it would be nice,
man. That'd be that'd be cool for sure.
Doomity says, "I have not seen this much
doom and gloom in the YouTube gaming
sphere. A lot of Switch collectors I
watch are not happy about the game key
cards." Well, yeah. We just spent what,
a decade saying that Nintendo loves
physical games and it's not going to go
away. like well there's not a lot to get
excited about the game key cards though
so it's I don't really know if a lot of
people are I don't know maybe some
people are like oh it was this or just
all digital but it's yeah it's not an
exciting prospect to be like hey I have
this license that I can hold it's not
excit yeah yeah it's not exciting at all
it's nobody likes them I don't think
they're going to I don't think they're
going to do that well either like I
think people are going to gravitate more
towards
they're going to gravitate more towards
the actual games complete and then that
would tell develop ers as the install
base goes up. Okay, we need to actually
invest in getting that 64 GB cartridge.
But I'd like to see, you know, yeah, I
mean, if the ones that do well, like
right now, it's it's early, but Cyber
Punk seems to be the leading type of
third party game right now, you know, in
terms of what people are going to pick
up. So, if that does really well, and
then of course, Guardians of Isuma and
then Damon Xmachina here in the West,
Japan, it's a key card, but here in the
West, that does well, then that would be
more enticing as the install base goes
up. But um yeah, like I don't think
they're going to do that. I don't think
the key cards are going to do that.
Great. I think people are just going to
buy the game if they want it. They're
just going to buy it digital. Like I
mean we're already seeing the pangs of
people talking about, oh, you got to
update games anyway if you get them. The
key cards are fine. It's like cool, I
guess. Yeah. Just to jump on Evan's
point, we are at an echo chamber. Um, we
all agree like, "Yeah, no, we'd prefer
the physical or like you know the
digital, but like consumers in general,
they they might just view it as, oh,
it's it's you can you usually download
the game regardless. It's fine and I can
lend it to my friends. It's okay." Um,
so I I do not think it's going to do as
bad as what you're predicting. Um, I
think it's just going to be an
alternative to physical.
I also think like a lot of very base
consumers don't even know the difference
necessarily. Like I don't know, a lot of
my friends have switches and h have no
idea what this means, you know? So, it's
just like they don't really care. It's
still on the shelf for them and
whatever. But I to I agree with all you
guys. I'm just saying like to reiterate
Celia's point. It's totally we are in an
absolute echo chamber. I mean, I guess
people are already kind of used to it a
little bit too on the Switch one cuz
there there's a number of games that you
got to download the rest of the game.
So, I guess Yeah. Yeah. He just said it
super obnoxiously right on the box.
Yes. Sean, uh, I'm going to hop off. I
just barfed all over the place. I don't
really know why. Um, you okay, dude? You
turned your camera off for that. That
was like perfect YouTube short. No, no,
it was I went upstairs and and puked in
the bathroom. I don't know. I don't know
what it might have been I ate or
something. So, I'm going to hop off and
I'll see you. Dude, hydrate. Feel
better. Hydrate, man. Feel better.
Sorry. Sorry. Bye. Sorry, man. I hit the
wrong button. Bye. And stream button. Oh
my goodness. I hope he's okay. I think
he has food poisoning. Uh I mean, he'd
probably feel shaky. Unless he always
feels shaky at which point if he just
threw up randomly, that's definitely
signs of food poisoning. Like just Yeah,
I'm going to text him. Yeah, if he's
okay.
Azure Pip says, "Do you all think a
gaming crash is coming within the next
one to two years? These price increases
are ridiculous. People cannot afford
these costs. A triple AAA crash, but
only for some of it, not everyone. Yeah.
No. Yes. I I I think a full gaming
crash, not to doom and gloom. I'm going
to be doom and gloom for a very long
time. Um, okay. So yes, AAA on the crash
side of things because yeah, purchasing
costs of things just in general there'll
be lower sales because the high prices,
but in addition to that, you're like,
"Oh no, the double A and the indie
studios like you know, they'll have a
boom because it's cheaper as much as I
want that." But the thing is though is a
lot of studios, they're not self-funded.
They have to find outside venture
capitalist funding. And what's been
happening is that a lot of people don't
want to fund projects or take um like I
guess uh risks on certain things. Like
there's a quite a few studios that
already have had issues finding funding
for their next games even though they
were successful. They had all the
benchmarks for things, got a lot of
attention, are critically acclaimed. So
in general, if things keep on going the
way it is, it's not going to be just the
big guys. It's everyone. We're in this
pool together. So, I'm really hoping
that there isn't a crash because it's
it's going to hurt everyone and it's
scary and there's a lot of jobs at
stake. Okay, doom and gloom. There we
go. There's also a pretty big economic
crash that we are probably about to hit.
Yeah. Uh oh.
I think it's more of a gaming
contraction.
I just think it it might be like and the
effects of the wider world affecting the
gaming industry as well like like over
just self-contained gaming wise. I do
think that it's going to lead to some
stuff. I know this is recent, but like
Clare Obscure, you have a small team.
They did get funding. They did get Game
Pass deal, but that's a smaller team.
They put out a really high quality game.
They have a movie now coming with it,
you know, or that's going to be in the
works. Like I think we could see stuff
like that where you really have a
controlled experience cut down on some
of the games obviously the six seven
eight year develops with a hu super like
100 plus hours and make something that's
a nice you know 20 30 hour game with
like replay value kind of like how we
had before like a lot of times. So I
think that could also rise and nobody
would you you can't play Clare and be
like oh that's not a super big AAA game.
You would think that just by looking at
it. So I think that could we can see
more of that too with with some of these
prices. because we can see developers
opt to try stuff like that. So, I would
love that, but as of right now, the
exception should not be the rule. So, I
would hope that that is the case, but we
can't just be like, "Oh, it'll appear."
And then, you know, like that's a lot of
stuff isn't feasible right now. The I I
think the the reality is the more stuff
gets expensive like this and games going
up in in price, the stronger something
like Fortnite gets. And that's what
people are going to play. They're going
to say, "What's free?" And that's it.
That's you don't need you don't need
online like Genchin Impact Genchin
Impact Impact. Yeah. Start naming freeto
play games. Those are
fun entry things either because like you
don't even have to have a game console
necessarily to play Fortnite, right? You
can play it on your phone. Genchin's the
same way. I think that stuff is probably
going to boom more than anything.
It's still super popular. People still
play it like crazy. So yeah, I can
definitely see that stuff go up. So it's
already been an issue where we hear
about how those black hole games, as
they call them, just suck up a lot of
time and then pull money away from these
bigger games. And that's been cited as
kind of a concern for gaming industry in
general when it comes to risk-taking and
spending money or big budgets on these
games. If it if it really gets to the
point where people are just, yeah, I'm
not going to buy an $8 game. I'll just
I'll play Fortnite tonight. And a lot of
these games start like if it's a big
deal to get to a a million sold for some
new project again, it's that's that's
that gaming contraction. Then you have
studios go away and uh companies less
and less interested in risk. Yeah. Yeah.
Because right now like the industry it's
not it's no longer like growing
exponentially. It's like and it's like
flattening at this point and then now
prices are going up. Salaries are not
going up with it. inflation obviously up
like so it's definitely going to cause
people to buy less. People are still
going to buy expensive games but people
are going to be very a lot more careful
on where they actually spend that $80.
It's going to be on the stuff that is
the like okay you want Call of Duty.
Okay, I'm going to spend my money on
Call of Duty. Maybe I miss out on this
like a Borderlands 4. Maybe I don't buy
Borderlands 4 where in the past I would
have bought Borderlands 2 and I would
have bought Call of Duty but now I'm
probably just going to buy just Call of
Duty or just Borderlands, you know, not
both of them or not like with the other
games. So I think people are going to be
a little bit more, you know, pointed at
where they where they actually spend on.
Yeah. It feels like gaming is going to
be like become more of a luxury like
hobby. more more so than it already is
because I like it was fairly easy to
jump into before and I just think like
with everything happening now it's going
to get I do I do think it's been more
just I see what you're saying Josie but
I do think that with the free game stuff
and with the game pass and with I think
even in some ways it's been you know
more affordable or it's been better with
the free games you know like I didn't
have that when I was younger I didn't
have Genchin Impact and and Okay OJ
we're looking you're looking at a window
that is like an 8year window. Josie
means like starting now with the
goalposts that have moved looking
forward to the future. It's getting more
difficult. We had a really during the
2010s we had a very very good golden age
and it really peaked during COVID era
because everyone was stuck inside. Dude,
sales were amazing during COVID because
everyone had nothing to do so they all
played online and a lot of live service
games like boomed you know like Among Us
blew up, Fall Guys blew up. There's so
many games that just like skyrocketed
like in their trajectory that um may
have had a smaller one if we all weren't
cooped inside. But no, those are
incredible games. I'm really glad they
got it. But you know what I mean with
the times and stuff and popularity. Um
so it's just kind of one of those things
where like those lightning in a bottle
instances um may be few and in between
moving forward. We're just not sure what
this climate looks like. But I do agree
with you. free-to-play games can take up
that real estate because that is an easy
entryway point, especially when the
economy is hurting. I'm very curious to
see what strategies are moving forward.
Um, I'm a huge marketing dork with these
things. So, I'm excited. I'm scared, but
I'm very excited to see as a case study
of things. Nervous behind the scenes.
Yeah. I just want to see what the new
strategies are because, you know,
sometimes, you know, they'll be like,
you know, previously they're like, oh,
you know, you release your game and then
there's the battle passes and that's
like where your growth comes from. But
in this case of, you know, that entryway
point initially, isn't it? Are we going
to focus more like
on I don't know a new form of a
microtraction like like transaction?
Like I'm just curious where it's going
to go. Keep keep an eye on this one,
which seems to be the case. It's lower
entry costs. So things like Hell Divers
or Arc Raiders coming up because it's
usually 40 or 50 with battle passes. But
those battle passes are something that
can be bought either through cash or
time. So you're either keeping the
people playing your game because they
have to or you're making people pay
because they can't. And that seems to be
the case. It's like indie pricing with
AAA with battle passes. That's so
interesting. They could also potentially
do like, you know, obviously we talk
about Microsoft a lot, but like for for
Horizon, that's a very interesting, you
know, spread for the PS5 version. $60
entry point, $80 pass, $100 for like
everything. So, that's a pretty, you
know, $40 in between there, you know, in
terms of getting everything like that
that comes with it and just the bare
minimum like entry. So, I think maybe we
might see more of that, too, you know.
Do you think that fits into variable
pricing? Uh, yeah, it does. Sorry. Yeah.
But that's always that's been around for
like they've been doing stuff like that.
It's just getting it's even bigger.
Fores is crazy. It's $40 spread on the
base to everything for a game that came
out in 2020, right? So this is this is
literally you remember like Sean
earlier? I think it was Sean like was
comparing it like oh it's like happy
hour but like you know like the base
thing and then it makes it cheaper
during a certain hour but we're it's
like reverse now where it's going to be
more expensive during other times. God I
hate this timeline. I know I keep on
saying that, but like this sucks. Well,
I I mean, I mentioned that there'd be
layoffs and studios closing, and we got
word that EA and Respawn laid off 300 to
400 people. And on top of that, they
canceled two incubation projects. Now,
it seems like neither of them were very
close to being like really coming
together, even coming out. Uh Jason
Shrier did mention though that one of
them was an extraction shooter in the
Titanfall universe. So like Titanfall
fans just cannot catch a break with this
franchise. And then on top of that, it
seems 300 400 jobs were attached to
these incubation projects in some way.
Be good. Tight an extraction. I mean,
I'm not an for me watching, but for
people that like extraction shooters,
that could have been awesome.
I think people just in general want
something with Titanfall, but this still
shows like that would have been a live
live service game, but uh I guess it
wasn't coming together and just like
that shut down and just like that 300
400 people get let go. That's that's
kind of the thing that's really brought
up with the gaming crash discussion.
sort of that domino effect of games get
canceled, jobs get lost, games get
cancelceled, job and then a as they have
less and less to work with and they have
less and less people to bring in for the
audience, the prices have to go up
because they need more money from the
same customers. So, it's
uh it is a rough cycle. Also, it looks
like Giant Bomb, there was stuff in the
kind of games media where Giant Bomb, it
seems like there was a mass exodus just
about of a lot of the on-screen
personalities there. I know Jeff Grub
posted that he's not at Giant Bomb
anymore. Uh Dan Riker announced on a
recent live stream, he no longer be
appearing on the Giant Bombcast. And
then Polygon got sold Valet
and it seems like a bunch of layoffs hit
there, too. I'm really sad for my
friends. Like, this is [ __ ] All of this
is [ __ ] I know like some people have
their opinion on traditional media, but
losing voices is is a really bad idea.
Um, as media companies potentially lean
more into uh cheaper alternatives
possibly with AI or, you know,
outsourcing and underpaying. Like it's
it's not a good thing. And I'm I'm
really I'm really worried and I'm really
sad for the fall of Giant Bomb. Like it
it won't be the same.
Yeah. I mean, a lot of people remember
Giant Bomb with uh what Jeff Gersman and
every that feels like that was an
eternity ago at this point. Yeah. Um but
the the thing with the gaming press that
that's uh so interesting there of course
there's a lot of opinions just in
general as to the different writers or
personality at any given day at these
places, but there is there is something
to having an adversarial press at any
given time for some of these larger
companies to ask certain questions. And
I feel like the less and less people or
just at this point publications since
I'll tell you now Polygon seems like
it's going if it was a Valet, they're
probably going to turn into like an SEO
guides sort of thing where there's going
to make a lot of guides and walkthroughs
and it'll just be there for the search
engines to pick them up. So, I don't
think you're going to see them request
comment from any of these companies
around a certain situation that blows up
online or and that that's the big thing
is to have the more of these outlets you
have, whether you like what they put up
or not, the more chances you have for
them to actually ask the right questions
to these companies. U and you just need
one of them to do it, but you need them
to be around to do it. So that that's
kind of that's the issue I have is if
there's less and less voice at the press
to the corporation, it's actually worse
for the people because as much as Hey,
look, I I I I typically end up looking
around at more of the conversation on
YouTube than I do like when it comes to
just reading and opinion based stuff. Uh
there is um there is something to having
a large press that
can pose the tough questions.
So yeah, that was it was just it was
just a it was a week. It was a week. Oh,
there's Jean Park.
Hi, Jean.
Subject. Uh let's see. You know, can I
add one more thing to that? I think
that's like the situation with them
losing their jobs and yeah, like John
said, um I think that's why a lot of us
kind of like like our freedom on
YouTube, you know. Yeah. But that comes
with problems because I mean this is now
just an ocean of people who will at
times spout opinion as fact and then
sway whole groups of people with like
it's it's anytime I point it out, I get
called names. Yeah. Anytime I point out
people doing that, they people get mad.
you're just defending the you know and
I'm like well no but no I see what
you're saying like I get that
but you guys have not like John have you
ever been offered a job from somewhere
else from traditional media have anybody
we kind of we kind of were okay you kind
of were and did you really think about
it going No really no exactly so that's
what I'm trying to say I've I've also
been offered a job in traditional me a
couple a few times and I was just like
even before all this and I I was just
like, I don't know, fam. You know what
I'm saying? Like, it looks rough in
terms of what can happen. You can just
get laid off. You get But like I didn't
want to have that like, you know? So, I
feel for the people definitely 100%. And
John's right, you know, when it comes
down to that. But I think you're going
to see a lot more people just say, "Hey,
look, I'm going to have my side deal.
You know, I'm going to have my thing and
I'm going to do do my own thing. So, if
something happens, you know, I'm I'm
good. I don't I don't have to worry
about, you know, you know, this type of
stuff." But it sucks. I I agree for the
people that especially if they lost
their job, you know, obviously family,
income, money, you know, that they need
to take care of themselves.
Let's see. This
is Nick who says, "The PS5 Pro is the
best Xbox now. Crazy times." Yeah, it
kind of
is. Uh, let's see. Anonymous says, "How
you guys doing? Do you know you guys
know about the rumor about people can
fly devs reviving an existing Sony IP?
It could be siphon filter for PS6.
That's not a rumor. That's confirmed
that they're they're working. They're
doing something. Yeah, they're doing
something. They are. They put out a
press release and everything. We'll see
if they get to the finish line.
Yes. Yes. Future Millionaire says,
"Amazon having a few PS5 games on sale."
They'll look at that. Which PS5 games? I
want to check that out. Yeah. See what
they have physically. Yeah. I'm Ethan
says, "Here's hoping sometime after GTA
6, preferably the Century Rockstar will
fix GTA 4 on PC. I imagine when they do,
Rockstar and we'll get Double 11 to help
them out since the folks there helped
out porting Red Dead Redemption 1 to PC
which performs beautifully. I have not
played GTA 4 in a long time. I will tell
you that now. Part of that's because
people do talk about the the just GTA 4
in general on PC being kind of sketchy
and that's probably where I'd play it.
Although I have it on the Xbox 360 and I
have an Xbox 360. thought about going
back in time and just seeing what it
looked what I actually experienced when
I played it back in was that 0809
something like that something like that.
I've been thinking about playing GTA V
for the first like I've never played
that game. You've never played GTA V. I
was too young when it came out. It was
like way too young. I wasn't even That's
the perfect time to play it. The story
was Josie has good parents. Josie has
good parents. I was like my mom was like
you're never playing that game. And then
my brother was like, "Please." And then
both of us just never That game is still
funny. Oh man. How How old were you when
when it came out? What was what when did
it come out? I don't remember. 2012.
2013. Yeah. 2013. Okay. Yeah. It was
like It was literally I think this a
month after new consoles came out then.
How old were you? Nine or 10. And they
wouldn't buy that for you. Yeah. Dude,
it's tough getting games on the Amish.
No, you're not supposed to buy GTA for a
9year-old. No. You would be you would be
you probably wouldn't be shocked my
parents attempted it. I remember like
Wii Sports in my Barbie games on the
Wii. So, I was pretty content with no
GTA 5 to be honest. Oh, this is the
problem. You got parents trying to buy
their 9-year-old GTA. That's insane. To
be fair, okay, to be fair, my mom bought
me Conquer Bad Fe cuz I liked squirrels.
Well, but that's that's like a little
bit more undercover than what GTA was
doing. It had a big M do not sell. But
yeah, my dad was also really plugged
into games and he was like, "No."
Like for both of them. Well, then you
play it, you call and be like, "Guess
what I did today." Yeah, exactly. That's
right. I will. I will. My mom will
probably be pissed. That might be on
Game Pass. And if it is, you need to
play it. Oh, really? Yeah, maybe I will.
That'd be a great video. Just play the f
I'll check that actually. Just play the
first couple hours because it's um it's
it is ridiculous. Like I've like watched
people play it sometimes and I have a
friend and he's like he plays it all the
time so I've seen it. It's like it's
like 15 bucks right now too. Well, let
me it might be on Game Pass because I
think they they added it to PS5 like the
PlayStation Plus extras and I think it's
already on because they did like an
update and stuff for it too. Um so I
feel like it is it's usually under like
most played but I'll I'll take a look to
see if it's on there for you. I think it
is. Yeah, played though. It's it's
pretty it's a funny game. I don't know.
It's fun. Yeah.
Krishan Bomb says, "If game and console
prices are going up, does the tradein
value go up at GameStop?"
It might go lower. Go lower. Go lower.
You know, it it it might it might
actually go up. They They were given
$420. Did you guys see that for Xbox
Series X? Well, what was it? Who was it?
Um I saw someone on Twitter say like he
was trying to hand in like three or four
switches. And it was like 200 or 300
bucks that they were going to give them.
Yeah. Uh I think right now they're
looking at it's 150 I think for a Switch
one. A Switch Light's like a hundred. So
they're My favorite thing that they ever
did was when they would like open games
so that they could sell them for
pre-order and then hike them up or uh
pre-owned and then hike them up because
they were pre-owned. Yep. That was
awesome. So I just can't I can't imagine
that that same company is going to be
like, "Oh, you guys paid more. Let me
give you more money.
It is on It is on Game Pass. Oh, really?
All right, I'll get into it then. Like
an 100 gig download or something. Start
downloading it now. Tomorrow, Josie,
have you ever played Viva Piñata? Oh,
Jesus Christ. Sorry, I was just We're
talking about Game Pass and it's also on
there. I'm playing it. All right. I love
it. Is this your first time playing it?
Yeah. Well, no. Okay. I played a little
bit when I was younger, but like this is
me actually playing it like Mhm. like
putting time into it.
Chrisall says, "I got the Super Mario
Odyssey Switch with all red JoyCons
digital game. Do you guys know if I
would have to buy a hard copy of Super
Mario Odyssey to play on Switch 2?" No,
digital game. Yeah, you're good. Just
transfer over your account and the the
game digitally is tied to your account
and it'll load right up on there. Well,
you have to download it, but yeah, no
problem. Odyssey is great. I like
literally just went back to that game.
It's so good. Or you can crystal ball or
you can just you can do like the file
transfer. You can just transfer your
whole Switch one to your Switch 2. So
you could just do that and it'll if you
have the game, it already it'll be on
there. So Suda for Gaming says, "John,
I'm about to start the expedition
tonight. Any early game tips you wish
you knew?" I was going to make a joke
about one of the characters. I'm not
doing that.
Uh about max leveling early on. You want
to maxle the character early on. Uh, no.
In in this case, I would I would say
with your pictos, constantly change them
out every time you master them as you
have them because the abilities will be
locked in as you can permanently then
just equip them. And the idea is at the
end of the game just about you'll just
put a ton of these abilities, these
passive abilities and make your
character stupid strong. So, get started
on that early because then you don't
have to worry about going out and
saying, "Okay, every four battles I'll
master this. So, that means I have to do
16 battles or something." Just start
doing that right away. change those
pictos in and as you do it. Yeah. And
it's pretty generous, too. Only four
battles to master a picto is pretty good
considering other RPGs it'll take you
way longer to master, you know, certain
skills. Like they'll they'll make you
grind more than that. So, it's it's not
too bad. But yeah, that's that's a good
early game tip.
Jorge says, "How did gaming persevere
during the Great Recession? How's the
industry different from then compared to
now?"
The Great Recession. Well, I think he's
talking about the two uh late 2000s.
That's I think that's what he's talking
about. the Bush 2008. Yeah. Like 2008,
2009. Yeah. Yeah. That era. Yeah. I
mean, to be honest, I was just broke as
hell. So, I just bought what I kind of
was like that, wasn't it? I was just
broke as hell. So, whatever. I got it.
Look, I was making I think I was making
about $5 an hour. I I don't Yeah, I was
making about Oh, God. It must have been
like five or $6 an hour. And I was
working um Sunglass Place. And listen, I
didn't have any money. Checks were low.
You just when you had an opportunity,
you would buy a game. That was really
it. You know what? You know what it was?
You know what we do back then? Kind of
like what people do now with the free to
play Fortnite. We played Call of Duty
and Halo all the time. Yeah. Or you rent
or you rent you just you
rent gamefly and stuff like that. You
know, you guys are correct. So like I
played a [ __ ] ton of Runescape and I
played actually my first indie game
during 2008. That was Cave Story if
anyone remembers that one. Yep.
I basically only played WoW, I think.
Yeah, I played a lot of Smash Brothers,
too. I just played Smash just because I
had that game and you just play a lot
though. You play the multiplayer, you
rent, and you just I mean, a lot of
people do that now. Like, most of my
friends have two games that they play
consistently and it's usually Marvel
Rivals or Fortnite and like Smash Bros.
Do you guys remember Maple Story or Gaia
Online? Play for all of two days. Yep.
Oh, I love this.
Still around. You can go buy it. Oh, I
used to play this. What was this game um
on PC? Gosh, it was like a MMO type
game. Ski Running. Yeah. Which one?
There was a website dedicated to all the
free Mos. There were like 12 guild.
Yeah. Okay. Guild Wars. There you go.
The first one. No, the second one I
think I played. Yeah, that's still
around. Yeah. Pirate 101. Played that
[ __ ] It's really good. I've seen that
[ __ ] I didn't play that [ __ ]
I feel like some companies are going to
find out hard when they try to price
games at $80 cuz the only games they can
get away with that are the big hitters
like GTA and Mario Kart. Oh yeah, you'll
have some companies reach and it won't
work. So what they're what they're
hoping for is most likely less sales
equivalent earnings like at best is what
they're hoping for. Yep. Faker says a
prone trigger remake is in fact real and
they tried a 3D action RPG approach like
7. I'd be really torn about it. H2D is
good enough, but is it enough? Yeah, I
don't think I don't think they do. Yeah,
I don't think they do a 3D one. Um HD
reimagine the whole thing. Yeah, HD2D
would be good enough for it because it
still plays great right now. You can
play it on PC. It's still better than a
large majority of games. So, I think a
HD2D with some extra little added
content like Dragon Quest 3 HD you make
would be great. The rumors for that were
disproven, right? Like it was a
translation error. It wasn't even an
error. The guy just was trolling. Oh,
yeah. Because I I saw tweets of people
being excited and then being like, "JK,
I went a little roll." I made a whole
ass video, so that pissed me off.
Alex OneUp. Shout out to Alex OneUp. Uh,
let's see. We had the Switch 2 or the
Switch got an update just ahead of the
Switch 2. We have
20.0.0. Now 20.0.1 to fix apparently an
issue that was breaking people's
systems. If you have that now, you have
to go into maintenance mode, it it
sounds like, to do the update for it and
get that set up. But the update did
introduce virtual game cards. I tried it
and it is uh more confusing than it
should be. It still is like they the way
they try to explain it, it sounded cool
at first and there were a lot of
stipulations that came along with it and
you you notice it the entire way. There
are a lot of popups that kind of tell
you these things and even when you
finally do it, there's uh there's still
this weird thing where they like you
send it to them and then they have to
they do download it and then even then
when they change out of it, it'll put
them a little thing that says like their
save data is part of the virtual game
card, but it's also on their system. It
was kind of weird, but I sent it to two
of the kids switches just to see. And I
guess for the most part it has a little
animation. It was fine. Uh but then they
also did an eShop update that might play
into giving more visibility to indie
games since what they've done here is
they've made it so that it is harder to
chart if you're one of those games that
marks your game down to $1, that little
thing they do where it's 90% off. It's
99 cents and we sell a thousand copies
or whatever because it looks like uh
Mario. We just did AI art for it. Um,
now it's all revenue based. So download
only games would then I guess eliminate
anything at retail and then would open
the door for actual indie games that
aren't priced at, you know, a dollar to
try to
chart. Anyone else update their Switch
or use virtual game cards? Yeah, I just
tested it out with between two of the
switches that I have. I seemed okay, but
I never really did a lot. I put my
account on my other Switch and the thing
that I didn't like is that I remember
when I travel it always be like, "Oh,
you have to check for the internet,
right, for the game to to to verify and
now I guess you don't have to after you
do it once." So to me that's that's
better than me cuz like I remember just
having to use the internet like tether
my phone sometimes and all that and I
didn't I didn't like that at all when I
took my my separate switch. I forgot to
take the main one. So I think it's
better for that. But yeah, it definitely
could have been a bit more um like less
confusing on stuff for this. Is there a
time limit on the once or is it like Oh,
it's it's 14 days when you lend it out
and then it returns to your system or
you can actually press a button on your
system and it just returns it
immediately. So, you can just take the
game away from them if you want just
like that. Um, but they get 14 days so
it's like a two week kind of rental or
borrow for them and then when you get it
back you can then lend it right back out
if you want. So the thing is, and this
is there's the limitations I mentioned,
you have to be in the same family group,
which isn't really like, oh, I'm just
going to lend this to a a friend that I
at school or something like something
easy, you know, without having to add
them into the the website, your friend
group. The other thing is they have to
be right next to you. So that's throwing
it off for a lot of people who maybe
have friends and they're further away
and they can't be right next to their
Switch because it is like proximity. is
hey set it next to it and make sure the
virtual game card and we'll look for
that switch within your area. So that's
the only unfortunate thing is it's not
it's not game share like people So the
other thing that was brought up was game
share with one digital copy for online
games which I never really used this so
I was actually I wasn't surprised that
it was something was going on cuz in
their FAQ like they described it I just
never had used it. Seems like more
people than I expected used it. Animal
Crossing was brought up, Splatoon. So, I
don't know if anyone else really used
game share like that. I've I just used
it where it's like where you just put
your account on somebody else's system,
right? That's the old method. Yeah, you
can you game share that way and then
they can use different profile while
also still using the game. That's the
idea. Yes. So, I I do I did meet some
people. I remember one guy content
creator I used to work with a little
bit. He did that like with him and his
son. Um, I've done it like on a separate
system, but not like within two people.
It just be like my other switch and then
I would have the game downloaded
digitally and then once again it just
the DR the check. But sometimes it
wouldn't work properly. Sometimes you
couldn't play it at the same time. You'd
have to put one g one system in airplane
mode. Like I never got it to work like
some people were saying it worked online
to be honest. I never I never got it to
work that way. It always have popups or
it would be like you need to check with
online or one needs to be or won't allow
you to play it. So, I don't know how
people got it to got it to do
beforehand. Apparently, you can, but
yeah, I never got it to work that way at
least.
No, it's I mean, it's certainly setting
up for the Switch 2. You can also do a
system transfer to the Switch 2 by
uploading the entire I guess image or
user data of your system to the cloud
and then you can sell your Switch to or
trade it in and then download it to your
Switch or Switch to. So, I don't know
how many people are going to trust that.
I guess that's all you can really do at
that point though, unless you want to
stand at GameStop and explain to them
you're going to do your system transfer
next to the counter for probably several
minutes. And all the icons for the most
part changed. So, preparations in place
for the the next generation
system, which I am I'm ready to get to
at this point. I'm ready for it. I I
think we're all ready. Oh, we're a month
out now. So, it is close. It is close
now. Five weeks. five weeks. We go over
to the Patreon mailbag. Bunch of
messages got left there for us. So,
let's let's go through some of these.
Zach over on the Spawncast Patreon says,
"Hi, Spawncast. Looks like a lot of
questions tonight, so feel free to speed
through this, but I just want to thank
everyone here tonight. I'm sure I'm not
alone, but I've struggled recently to
find community, and hanging out every
Saturday night has really kept me
motivated. I am someone who struggles to
wake up every morning, and Newsweave has
made it a hundred times easier. I just
want to say thank you to John and
company. You guys don't know what you've
done for me. The industry is a scary
place, but it's comforting to know we
have you guys. Shout out to Zach. Shout.
Appreciate the kind words. Appreciate
the kind
words. David says, "Also just an idea,
but how cool would it be if GTA 6
released day and date for Xbox,
PlayStation, and Switch 2?" And they
said, "Whatever platform sells the most
copies in the first 30 days gets access
exclusive to GTA Online. should be a
separate free-to-play game only on the
winning platform. Let's make it wished
into existence. So, I mean, they could
also just give everybody GTA Online.
Yeah. I don't know if that's a great
thing. Yeah. Free GTA Online. Shark
bucks everywhere.
Yeah. I don't know how they're I'm
curious how they're going to handle GTA
Online. That'll be interesting if it
comes with GTA 6 or if it's a separate
thing. I feel like it might be separate.
Separate, right? Get the $100 game.
anything. Maybe they they bought 5M,
which was the the roleplay thing for
GTA, and they're going to most likely
try to integrate it. So, they're
probably trying to make it free so they
can rent servers to people like for
this. It might be a huge thing for them.
All I know is now I'm thinking about
this, we do need we do need Josie to
play GTA 5 and give us her thoughts on
Trevor.
Trevor's the man. Yeah. Now I'm
realizing you should play it this week.
You you should play it this week, Jose.
I'll try hours. Few hours. I'm in finals
week, so maybe maybe not. But takes care
of finals. Don't worry about GTA during
finals week. Trevor is more important
than finals. Ignore your future. You
don't need it. So I can do that before
before the Switch 2 comes out and that
consumes your life. Just before the
Switch, couple hours GTA 5 and just see
what you think about some of the
characters.
I hated Finals week. Gosh, I I do not
miss that [ __ ] Well, I'm like a film
major, so it's kind of fun, but I am
exhausted. Yeah, like it's just really
exhausting. Okay. I was doing freaking
anatomy and physiology, like bones and
having Yeah. See, ours is like Ours is
like kind of fun, but it is like I've
been on I've been on a set every single
day for 8 to 12 hours a day, like
standing and everything. Yeah, you're
standard for that job. Mine sucked.
Yeah. No, it is cool, but it is truly
exhausting. I have no time for anything
else. That's why I wasn't on gamer talk.
With this is from Derek says, "With
Genki allegedly having a black market
switch too for precise measurements for
accessories and 3D print mockups, where
does that leave other third party
accessory makers who also showed off or
revealed grips, etc. around the same
time? Do they have more official means
of having measurements? We will find out
in discovery." Sounds like
No, no, nobody else actually did 3D
mockups and brought like they were the
only Genki was the only one if I'm not
correct. Yeah. Okay. So, to my
understanding, Genki was the one that
did that. So, uh Nintendo was there to
kill. Uh normally they would just cease
into system like like normally what they
do, right? Um cuz uh I remember in the
original Switch launch uh back in the
Hyperkin days uh we were one of the
third party companies that uh released
accessories and like brought it to
conventions prior and during the the
launch of the Switch. And you know uh
Nintendo may or may have not been pretty
pissed at that but not to this level.
And I think that they're just making an
example out of them since they're the
most um I guess they have the the
largest like trail of uh acquiring this.
And it's no secret that factories like
these things, but to this extent and
them being this transparent that they
had one uh is a very interesting move. I
loved the swagger from that guy and
people were like, "You have it?" He was
like, "Fuck yeah, I've got it." Don't
say that. Out. No. like like
legitimately. And then the fact that
Nintendo sent their lawyers to like on
the show floor to take a look at this is
definitely like he's walking around with
like the the 3D print out. He's like,
"Yeah, it this is it everyone. This is
it." Dude, they didn't give a [ __ ] And
I'm like, I remember those days. It's
don't let the Nintendo like lawyers into
your booth kind of days. And uh yeah,
they didn't give a [ __ ] It was just out
there, not even behind closed doors. It
was crazy. Oh man, good for them. I
can't wait to watch that lawsuit. And
they packed up like next day. They were
like, "No, this isn't because of
anything. We're just packing up more."
Don't worry about it, guys. No, because
like So, is it going to be like on Court
TV or something? Where can I watch this
at? I know. I want to watch it. No,
it'll be like, you know, through
paperwork and whatever. Yeah, I know. I
was messing around. But if they
televised that, I would I would watch
it. I would watch the whole thing. Let
me see Mario in a suit and tie. It' be
It actually Mario with as as the as the
lawyer, the the And then Mario publicly
executes them. I don't know. Bring
Bowser for that. Not Doug, but bring in
actual Bowser for that one.
This is from Medallion who says, "What
future game ports, remasters, remakes
would you like to see come to Switch 2
that have not yet been officially
announced, whether third and or first
party? H ports, remasters, or remakes
for the Switch 2 that have not yet been
officially announced." I mean, Claire,
I'll throw Clare obscure out there
immediately. That's easy. Go ahead,
Josie.
Um, I'd like to see them remaster
Pokemon one like red and blue and do an
HD2D.
HD2. I want 3D Pokemon red and blue.
Well, it should be Wait, if they do
green, they have to release the ugly
sprites. Oh, actually, like I want that
so badly. They look horrible. It's
nightmare fuel. Bring them back. It
should be done like the links. Well, it
should be done by like the links awake.
You want full 3D though? Yeah, I want
like me all like all crazy looking. But
no, it could be 3D would be so nice for
those games. Well, it could still be top
down in 3D like the Links Awakening
remake. Like it could just be that.
True, but that's kind of like Yeah, it's
interesting. What was the question
again? I just got excited about Pokemon.
Yeah, I sort of skirted around.
What future game ports, remasters,
remakes would you like to see come to
Switch to that have not yet been
officially announced? Third or first
part? Oh, I want Okay, I'm wearing my
Ocarine of Time t-shirt. This is from
This This is official GameStop from the
3DS release. Fun fact. Um, yeah, dude. I
want that. I want that. And I want
Master Quest. And I want Majora's Mask.
I I want a full remake. You want a full
remake? I want full remake. I think it
would look beautiful. So cool. Maybe
some updated block puzzles. That would
be pretty rad. A lot of updates would be
awesome for that game. Update the entire
thing. Just make a new one. Just
honestly, just fix it. Just keep the
story, keep the ideas, but fix it. It's
all
okay. Not bad.
Oh, that is a classic game. Okay, I'll
we'll we'll talk about this later.
This is from David who says, "I wanted
to know, especially from Ryan, who's not
here, if there's any tips or tricks
besides what is in his video for five
months on PS5 Pro. Hey, must have PS5
Pro enhanced games. Thanks. Any must
have. Well, Final F 7 Rebirth is a one
that really shows what PS5 Pro can do.
Otherwise, I guess I can't say I say
Days Gone. Must have. Returnal just got
one. And it actually looks pretty sharp.
It's very good game. Must have as in
like the enhancement is great or the
game is like uh either one. I guess kind
of both. Both together, I guess. Okay.
Assassin's Creed Shadows, right? Uh the
enhancement that's very good. Yes, that
is a very good looking enhanced game.
Final Fantasy Rebirth. Yep. Yeah. And
you know, Clare Obscures is it's not
that noticeable to be honest. Um I I was
going to say Returnal just got one and I
did fire it up. It looks very sharp
right now. Like it's very sharp. Okay.
So yeah, Returnal would be good. So, I
can understand we got we got three
Assassin's Assassin's Creed Shadows,
Final Fantasy 7, uh, and Final Fantasy 7
Rebirth, and yeah, Returnal.
DC Fat Cat asked, "How long before we
stop using dollars to pay for games and
move to crypto to pay for games?" They
say they give it one year. It's going to
be social credits. It'll happen. Social
credit. You have to pay with
subscribers. Oh god. There you go. I'm
gonna get this game with my Inuasha
coin. Oh my god. Indio reference. My
shamu coin will be better.
Vegeta says, "Do you guys think a video
game crash is upon us again?" Side note,
gross to see online instead of everyone
agreeing these prices suck. The fanboys
out and about and pointing fingers and
arguing with each other. Console wars
are so stupid. RGT prayers your stepdad
on a speedy recovery. Celtics in six
though. Sorry, bud. Have a nice
weekend. Video game crashed. Questions
keep coming in. Uh man, consistence is
pain. Yeah, consumers are going to vote.
So people can argue all they want to
online. At the end of the day, consumers
are going to vote with the wallet or
not. So you can talk all you want to,
but at the end of the day, like I said,
people will we'll see what will happen.
So also online is an echo chamber like
us, you know, so things that you know
people might seem pissed on the
internet, but like day-to-day consumers,
they don't they don't care. We're going
to come down to the person in Walmart
looking at the game and then looking at
toilet paper and going I don't need to
wipe this week and just pick up
that I I was trying to explain to people
that's kind of how like my brother he's
a pretty much like a normie and when
there like the whole price with the
switch two stuff and I was like this is
what he told me. He told me yeah it's
more expensive but yeah I got a job so
like screw it. That's that was what he
just said and that was the start and end
of it. Yeah I got a job. Oh well
whatever I'll I'll buy it. you know,
it's his little treat that that's it.
That that's that it wasn't Twitter
spaces, pointing fingers, yelling at
people back and forth, making that's
just stuff for content creation,
whatever. Who gives a crap? But most
normal people, bro, they'll buy what the
hell they want. You can't tell them
[ __ ] Like, you worry about you worry
about your own money, I'll worry about
my own. That's that's how most people
are. Don't don't don't worry about what
I got to buy. You buy what you want to
buy, you know? Yeah. It's also like a
lot of like even Twitter like you can
get into an a specific echo chamber and
there's a whole other just discourse
going on on the other side of Twitter.
So it's like even on social media you're
pretty much just getting fed your side.
Yeah. So just remember that too.
This is from Kale who says with GTA 6
being delayed the game of the year
conversation will be way more
interesting. So many good games are
still to come without a clear winner
yet. Yeah. I mean, I wouldn't declare a
game of the year winner yet. It's uh May
May just started. Donkey Kong Bonanza is
going to take the cake. Super easy, but
Okay, there we go. Absolutely not. I
love the title. I love the word Bonanza.
So, I I agree with I love the word
bonanza, but I also hate that on the
cover, it's bonanza and then in every
news post ever, it's bonanza. Oh, yes. I
don't know why people are doing I was
trying to title my YouTube video and it
kept telling me that that was the wrong
word and I was like John yeah when John
does the notes he's like all right
Donkey Kong Bonanza with an O and I'm
like god damn it and I Google searched
the cover and I'm like all right let me
put the A in it I did the same thing and
I saw a bunch of articles and I was like
okay it's O and then I looked Yeah, I
never did that. I saw it was Bonanza
with the the A. I just I always like
triple triple check my like spelling
when I put titles and stuff and it just
it screws me up. Well, the the trick is
you got the news posts and literally the
picture is the bonanza and then the
title is the banana the onanza. You're
like you guys couldn't figure this out.
Okay. Who can I trust? Exactly. See,
people remember GTA 5. I assume that's
what they're referring to because GTA 6
would have been like the front runner.
GTA V got a 97 when it came out on
Metacritic back then. But it it won less
than half the awards because The Last of
Us was out. Yeah, that was Last of Us.
Majority of the awards back then. So,
you never really know. Something someone
could pop up at any time.
This this is
from Joe McKenna says, "What would why
would a cloud system transfer to switch
to have much more data than cloud saves?
Settings, profile, folders, etc. seem
like they would be only a few megabytes
on top. I feel like the only big issue
could be delisted digital games that
couldn't be cued for
redownload. Yeah, it's about I mean it's
basically gonna image any of your user
settings and stuff. Bring them over. So
you just move to switch two and that's
it. But it probably is it's not gigab I
assume it's not gigabytes of data.
Haven't done anything. It doesn't pull
your screenshots or anything does it?
It's just the information.
That's a good question. Yeah. I don't
know. Even the screenshot should be
small. But
Christian Hernandez says, "Still waiting
for my copy of Expedition 33 to come in,
but it sounds like Sandflow Interactive
is a dev company RPG fan should keep
their eyes and ears open for in the
future like Larry and Studios with
Boulders Skate 3. Wish all the success
to them both. Do you think we'll see
more studios like these or are they
exceptions rather than the new norm?"
Well, Sandfall has been around for 5
years. We just didn't really know about
them until now. So, I'm sure there are
other studios that are out there right
now that will event could eventually
produce something like this, but we
won't know about them for three or four
years. Let me give you another example.
Taki Satuda, he's the man behind Astral
Chain, the director, and he just formed
his own new studio as well. There you
go. So, so yeah, you you'll see some
stuff probably pop up.
Let's see. I think we're good on that. A
few more super. Those are all the
mailbag questions. Shout out to
Spawncast patron over there. Appreciate
the questions, of course.
Is this from Angry Dragon who says,
"Gaia online was my jam back in the day.
Now, that was quick." I I love Gaia
Online. Um I I used to play like back in
like 0405 to like I think I I stopped
actively playing in like a 2010. Um it
was such a fun online like anime form
slashonline games slash uh doll creator
thing. It was it was really really fun.
Carlos says, "Love that I got an Xbox
for half price two years ago." Yeah.
Yeah. Just doubled in price. I got a
deal, baby, on my Xbox Series X. $500.
Deal. Investments. Al says, "I don't
know if I misheard because I had noise
around me when you were talking about
it. GTA 6 priced at $50 to actually melt
the internet." Yes, it would. Oh, yeah.
I I'd love the hell out of that. Not
even to just get it. I'd love to watch
that. Just to see it. Yeah, that would
be
ridiculous. Zo says, "For the past three
plus years, it's been televised and how
our economy is booming. It's strong, and
now we have Terrace added in the mix.
Hope you're hope you're doing well on
this weekend." Shout out to
Zo. Scott S says, "You guys hear Ubisoft
release another freetoplay NFT game. Who
in the f uh ant sign star upper arrow
thing is this for? Love you guys." Well,
they didn't advertise it. It's because
they're hoping the keyword of NFT in
anything they post just gets picked up
by the tech bros who will immediately
start doing
buying NFTTS.
I I didn't know they did this. I'll have
to go check this game out. I checked out
their other one and somebody exploited
it and got to the top of leaderboard and
just ruined it. So, I'll have to check
this one before it gets ruined, too.
So dumb. Thanks.
Alex says, "Will Illusion of Gaia ever
have a remake or remaster?" Very good
question. Will Illusion of Guyia? That's
a great game. I used to play the game
all the time back in the day. It is a
weird ass game. It is super weird and it
makes almost no sense. You got to watch
a you got to watch like a thing to
actually put it together. Um but uh
yeah, it's not the type of marketable
game. So something interesting would
have to happen. Nintendo would have to
specifically ask for it because that's
how we even got Live Alive, which never
even came over originally. So, this is
kind of that time period where you where
you you have the best chance. I'll say
that with things like Live Alive
happening. Yeah. But it would be a very
weird circumstance how that game in
particular like I mean I can see maybe
like a a like a virtual console like a
release maybe that type of way but uh
anything outside of that that game is a
weird game and it's it would be hard to
market in terms of like a remake or a
remaster just like Live Alive was very
kind of difficult to put together you
know in terms of marketing wise like hey
there's like eight different stories in
this and that you know it's a great game
though around the time of Live Alive
there was like an anime series going on
as well so it was like a bigger push
than normal
Instead, they should remake Sword of
Mana, which is a really good GBA game.
Somewhat mana.
Illusion of God is great, though. It's
so good. It's It's such a It's a
fantastic game. I said one over at
Streamlabs from Perfect Image who says,
"T6 being delayed. It's okay for me. I
get to finish the whole career progress.
AC Valhalla Mafia 3 day one goes to Yote
and Mafia Old Country. I'm going to be
good. And four prices, I'm just a
minority. only the majority change.
Prices will never go down.
Yeah, I'm good. I don't care about the
GTA. There's so many games to play, you
know, so I'm good. I don't But then
again, I'm not the biggest GTA guy. So,
yeah. Let me
see. I got all those. Evan said I'm
Okay, hold
on. Here we go. I think this
this we talk about that. I just keep
saying I keep seeing them in chat saying
we got you anonymous boss. Yeah, the the
people can fly devs, they they put out a
press release for that. So, they are
doing something with Sony. It was
alluded to that it would be an IP, but
it was kind of also mentioned that it
might not be a known IP or one that has
like a history. So, siphon filter would
be cool. Um, but they also wouldn't be
the it'd be good for a third person
shooter. So, that could work. I don't
know. I'm curious to see what they have
for that because I still remember people
can fly for like outr rididers. So, he's
something. And didn't they did
uh Bullet Storm, right? Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Before Out Rididers. Yeah.
Yeah. That's that's a that's the last
thing I think of is them and Outr
Rididers. It's like, man, they need
something else. Come on. They need
something. Anything. Uh let me go around
here as we finish up. Celia, where can
everyone find you? You can find me on
Twitter. I'm Celia B with three E. I'm
also on a podcast with Josie and Sean uh
called Game and Talk. Uh we live stream
on Wednesdays. It's fun. There's
shenanigans. Sometimes we talk about
games. Sometimes we talk about whatever
Sean wants to talk about. It's a good
time. Go check it out. Sometimes you see
what's on Sean's desk. Depends on Yeah.
You get to see a lot of things about
Sean. Oh. Oh, and then lastly, um I
started to use my Instagram again, so
check me out there. Yay. I Instagram
reals. Uh I I should start. I like
literally just started posting again on
that because I realiz because I enter a
lot of contests and I'm like, "Oh, I
should probably use my Instagram again."
Um I won a few contests, too. So yeah,
it's a kosher gamer. That was my uh my I
thought you were going to be like Celia
Feet with three E. That's for only fans.
We're gonna save that one. Oh god. No.
Only pause. No. Um you probably a lot of
scripts in the chat that would be down
for that. Silly. Absolutely not. Not
you. No, you do it. Right now. No, you
do it, but it's all Sean's feet.
They've You guys have moved on from
trying to get me to do this to Celia.
Celia, they tried to get me to do this
for the first year that I joined here.
I'm telling you, it was Sean. No, Evan
thinks it's a genius idea. Yeah, he's
really sold on it. He's truly sold. You
know what's worse? having um like I
guess for me in my I guess existence u
having a a foot thing or having Sean's
feet cuz then they would associate my
feet with Sean's feet. I don't know if
that's worse. Oh, that's a good point.
Yeah, cuz you know I haven't seen them
but I feel like they look like Sean. He
refers to them as rhinoceros feet. So
basically responded to that. But
anyways, yeah, Instagram kosher gamer
follow me. But here's the thing though.
So like buy your feet pigs dumb asses to
buy your feet pics. But then you have
the reputation of having sweaty hairy
feet. Yeah. I like I feel I said no for
for a long time. That is No, that is
legitimately worse. Obviously I would
never do that. But yeah. Uh but yeah,
the the Instagram's a retro gaming
focused Instagram. It's like visions of
retiring early and everything with that
one. They thought they had it. Oh jeez.
Okay. Well, okay. Enough about me and
enough about feet, please. Next. Sean's
also Sean told me he needs 50% of that
and I was like, it's Wait, what is he a
foot broker? Like, okay, time out here.
Okay, that that would actually be called
a pimp in
some that's like pimping. That's not a
broker, but that's a a foot trafficker.
God. Okay, we are using his feet for it,
but it's just our likeness, you know.
Dude, I missed two minutes ago before we
started talking about this. Where we
all?
Josie, where can everyone find you? You
can find me on YouTube at Josie Will.
I've been making Nintendo videos. I talk
about retro games. And then I've been
talking about the Switch lately quite a
bit. I'm going to I'm going to do a
little retrospective at some point on
Mario Odyssey since I'm replaying that
game. So, that could be fun. I'm crying.
Thanks, Ventus. Large number. That's a
down payment of $9.99. It will. I'm
telling you. Why would you pay that to
John when you could have given lose your
job, Celia? If you ever lose your job
right here, I'm telling you. Listen,
I've got friends. I've got I've got some
friends that I know that do that do Only
Fans. And I'm telling
you, they are living good. Let me just
say, they are these the They are living
good. So, there's there's 1%. That's
that's the 1%. No, living good is not
like the like the solid like every
month. Not like the There's no need to
get into sex work. Oh, absolutely. Okay.
You've got a lot of plushies in the
background. That could be the feed
picks. Wow. So, guys, man, I I love
being here. This is awesome. Shout out
to They're excited.
Yeah, they are excited. Yes. Hey,
everyone. Josie, where can everyone find
you?
youtube.com/joswell signing up. You guys
I better be getting all of these for
this joyfe.com.
No, don't get me in on this. That's what
I had to deal with this until Celia came
on this podcast and now it's been
offloaded. See, but the thing is you're
awesome. Everyone thinks you're Amish.
So, if it was Sean's feet, they would
think it's fine. They'd be like, "Yeah,
it's Oh, they are right. You guys You
guys didn't see I moved my Wi-Fi router.
I'm not Amish. I've went through though.
Did you guys went through escaping
Amish. Yeah. Well, and then Yeah. Oh my
goodness.
Crazy.
Joy, where can I find you?
YouTube.com/jos. I talk about retro
games and the Nintendo Switch and I'm
going to make a retrospective on Mario
Odyssey. Pull up. It's really great. I
got I hit 22,000 subscribers recently.
Nice bangs. So, yeah. Shout out. And uh
what about OJ? Yeah, probably on only
fans. No, I was about to ask you. Okay.
Oh, J, I was waiting to interrupt you to
ask you what your fans was. I don't I
don't have any [ __ ] only fans up
there. Yeah. Yeah. Is it Is it Is it the
player feet?
See that super chat is for me. See,
maybe we should all start
individual time. Spawn feet. Okay. It's
different feet. It's kind of like a wave
from
people
that juice. He got Hey yo, Juice would
be all over. Oh my god. Okay. No, Juice.
I'm remarketing this as everyone's feet
and so like you don't know who. But the
thing is though, it's all Sean's. Only
Sean's feet got you. You got to open the
freaking loot
box over here. Oh man. Man, video games
times are rough. I guess we have a new
option.
Uh, you find me not looking at pics. Um,
no. You find me on YouTube, Player
Essence. I got a bunch of cool RPG
stuff. Hopefully I can finish up Clare
Obscure. I'll have a full um you know,
however long it takes me, whatever, 60,
70 hour review for you guys. So, I'm
working on that. Got some more stuff um
planned as well, live streams. I pretty
much stream daily. So, I talk about
Nintendo Switch 2. Talk about RPGs a
lot. So, if you're into Nintendo Switch
2 or RPGs like Player Obscur, that game
is awesome. I'm doing a lot of content
on that. Uh so, yeah, appreciate it. And
I got a big video coming up next week,
too, talking about some other stuff
that's going to happen. So, yeah, good
stuff. What about Evan? Uh you can find
me on YouTube or socials, Kimmers
Project. if you're into tabletop stuff
or me posting up all my very hard losing
scores from tournaments, which is always
cool. I'm trying to figure out how to
make videos faster, so hopefully we can
get some cool stuff going.
That's how I trash about his feet. He's
He's feeling sick, but he's okay.
I think that's that's everyone, right?
We're good. Yes. All right. Thanks
everyone for tuning in. Appreciate it.
We will be back next Saturday night,
9:00 p.m. Eastern time, and we'll see
you guys then.