this enhanced Edition of the Beloved 3D
platformer brings Kirby's Adventure to
the Nintendo switch 2 with notable
improvements players can enjoy enhanced
graphics and a smoother frame rate
making Dreamland more vibrant than ever
additionally this Edition introduces a
new storyline titled Starcrossed world
where Kirby embarks on a quest sparked
by the crash of a mysterious meteor
unveiling new abilities and challenges
this Edition is exclusively available on
the Nintendo switch 2
[Music]
Reviving The Classic GameCube title
Kirby Air Riders makes a return on the
Nintendo switch 2 Under the direction of
Masahiro Sakurai this new installment
promises to retain the fast-paced racing
action of the original while introducing
modern enhancements suitable for the
capabilities of the switch 2
fans can anticipate a blend of nostalgia
and fresh content in this racing
adventure
[Music]
[Music]
drag X Drive is an Innovative 3on three
sports game designed exclusively for the
Nintendo switch 2 in this title players
control wheelchair bound basketball
athletes utilizing the new joycon 2
controller's mouse-like
capabilities by sliding both controllers
forward players Propel their characters
in the desired Direction simulating the
most of pushing a wheelchair flicking
the controllers allows for shooting and
players can perform trick dunks by
rolling up halfpipe structures on the
court the game emphasizes intuitive
simultaneous use of both joy-con
controllers to navigate the court and
execute plays effectively
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Donkey Kong Bonanza marks the return of
the iconic ape in a brand new 3D
platforming action adventure exclusive
to the Nintendo switch 2 in this
installment Donkey Kong embarks on a
mission to retrieve his stolen golden
bananas from the nefarious void Co the
game introduces a fresh design for
Donkey Kong inspired by his appearance
in the Super Mario Brothers movie Now
featuring him wearing pants for the
first time players can expect a mix of
3D exploration and classic 2D
platforming segments with gameplay
mechanics that allow Donkey Kong to
smash through obstacles tear off chunks
of terrain and interact dynamically with
the environment
[Music]
[Music]
Metroid Prime 4 Beyond continues The
Saga of the renowned Bounty Hunter SAS
Aaron as she explores the enigmatic
Planet vew Rose this installment
introduces new psychic abilities
allowing Samus to interact with the
environment and manipulate objects in
unprecedented ways the Nintendo switch 2
Edition offers enhanced features
including support for the joy-con 2
controllers mouse-like functionality
providing precise aiming and navigation
players can choose between two graphical
modes quality mode delivering 4K
resolution at 60 frames per second with
HDR support when docked and performance
mode offering 1080p resolution at 120
frames per second with HDR support when
docked this planet that she was
unexpectedly transported to Samus must
scan Stone figures and other relics to
carve a path
[Music]
forward she's not alone though abhorent
alien creatures living in the jungle are
waiting both The Legend of Zelda breath
of the wild and its sequel tears of the
Kingdom have been re-released as
enhanced editions for the Nintendo
switch 2 these versions boast improved
graphics with higher resolution enhanced
textures and HDR support resulting in
more vibrant and detailed visuals
players will experience smoother frame
rates and faster load times enhancing
the overall gameplay experience an
additional safe slot has been introduced
allowing players to start a new
adventure without overriding existing
progress furthermore these additions are
compatible with the new Zelda notes
feature accessible via the Nintendo
Switch app on compatible smart devices
destination is north of here and close
your destination is
[Music]
above your destination is
nearby you have reached your destination
guidance deactivating
give it a try as you search for all
sorts of
things when you visit certain places you
can hear voice this enhanced Edition of
Super Mario Party jamere introduces
several new features and improvements
for the Nintendo switch 2 the game
includes jambur TV a new mode that
utilizes the console's capabilities
offering improved graphics and frame
rates additionally it supports new modes
that use Mouse controls the built-in
microphone and a compatible USBC camera
sold separately players can appear
within the game via camera play using
the compatible camera enhancing the
interactive experience the game also
supports game share compatibility for
local multiplayer allowing multiple
players to join the fun with your
voice and compete in other mini games
using full body movement and sound
finally take a ride on the mouse
controlled Carnival coaster with the
safety bar lowered and
secured you're off let
go use Mouse controls to shoot down
enemies while you feel the bumps and
rumbles of the
coaster P Mario Kart World is the latest
installment in the Beloved racing series
launching exclusively for the Nintendo
switch 2 this iteration introduces
several groundbreaking features
including support for up to 24 players
per race the largest in the series
history the game features more open and
interconnected courses allowing players
to explore areas Beyond traditional
tracks new modes such as knockout tour
where the bottom four Racers are
eliminated each lap and free roam which
enables players to drive in any
direction and explore the environment
add strategic depth and exploration
opportunities additionally the game
introduces a rail grinding feature for
Speed boosts and alternative traversal
paths
[Music]
developed by from software renowned for
titles like Elden ring and Dark Souls
The Dusk Bloods is an upcoming exclusive
for the Nintendo switch 2 announced
during the recent Nintendo Direct this
game is slated for release in
2026 directed by hakam aaki The Dusk
Bloods is described as a player versus
player versus environment game
supporting online multiplayer for up to
eight players the teaser trailer
showcases a Gothic and steampunk
aesthetic featuring a mysterious
narrative centered around a night of
light and vampire-like creatures while
introducing a new universe and
characters the game's title and themes
have led to speculation about a
potential connection to bloodborne
[Music]
Hyrule Warriors age of imprisonment is
the latest entry in the Hyrule Warriors
series developed by KO techmo in
collaboration with Nintendo announced
for the Nintendo switch 2 this game is
scheduled for release in the winter of
2025 serving as a prequel to The Legend
of Zelda tear of the kingdom it explores
the events of the imprisoning war
focusing on characters like Princess
Zelda and King raru as they battle
against Ganondorf players will engage in
large scale battles against hordes of
enemies experiencing the untold story
from hyrule's distant past you truly
have traveled back in time
oh so that's pyal
Castle then that must mean this really
is the
[Music]
past Elden ring tarnished Edition is an
upcoming release for the Nintendo switch
2 scheduled for
2025 this Edition includes the base game
along with the shadow of the ER tree
expansion offering players an extensive
Journey Through the expansive World
crafted by from software additionally it
introduces new armor sets weapons and
customization options for the spectral
Steed torrent this release aims to bring
the critically Acclaim dark fantasy
action RPG experience to Nintendo's
latest console allowing players to delve
into a rich and immersive universe may
you take the
throne developed by super giant games
Hades 2 is the sequel to The highly
acclaimed roguelike Dungeon Crawler
Hades the game follows melan NOA the
princess of the underworld and sister of
zos as she embarks on a perilous quest
to confront the Titan of Time Players
can expect the signature fast-paced
action Rich storytelling and a vibrant
cast of characters rooted in Greek
mythology while Hades 2 entered Early
Access in May 2024 the full version is
anticipated to launch on the Nintendo
switch 2 in
2025
H
good not good enough
Street Fighter 6 is the latest
installment in capcom's renowned
fighting game series scheduled for
release on the Nintendo switch 2's
launch day June 5th
2025 this Edition known as the year's
one to2 Fighters Edition includes all
characters and stages from both year 1
and year 2 updates offering a
comprehensive roster for players the
game supports crossplatform play and
introduces new modes exclusive to the
switch 2 version enhancing the fighting
experience additionally Capcom has
announced the release of amiibo figures
compatible with the game adding
collectible value for
[Music]
fans demon X Machina Titanic Scion is
the sequel to the mech action game demon
X me
developed by marvelous first Studio
announced for the Nintendo switch 2 this
title is set to launch on September 5th
2025 players will pilot customizable
mechs known as arsenals engaging in
fast-paced combat across a vast open
World the game promises enhanced
graphics and gameplay mechanics taking
advantage of the switch 2's
capabilities thanks for the warm
welcome this planet will be ours
The Sovereign
Axiom the Trinitas has almost completed
a weapon that was created to destroy all
Humanity no because we're in the middle
of a war don't you get it I won't just
stop you split fiction is a Cooperative
action adventure game developed by
hazelight Studios known for their
Innovative Co-op experiences players
control two authors Mio Hudson and Zoe
Foster who find themselves trapped
within the worlds of their own stories
to escape they must collaborate
navigating diverse environments that
blend Science Fiction and Fantasy
elements the game emphasizes teamwork
with mechanics designed to encourage
communication and joint problem
solving you play as Mio and Zoey two
aspiring writers that hope to get
published by a new tech company that can
simulate their stories to
life I can't do this please calm down
it's time you can't shut no accidentally
they end up in the same simulation what
are you doing in my story something bad
is going on set in the 1800s Wizarding
World Hogwarts Legacy is an open world
action RPG that allows players to
experience life as a student at Hogwart
School of Witchcraft and Wizardry
players can attend classes learn spells
brew potions and explore iconic
locations within and Beyond Hogwarts the
Nintendo switch 2 version offers
enhanced graphics and seamless World
transitions taking advantage of the
console's improved Hardware capabilities
additionally it supports the joyon 2's
Mouse like controls providing a more
immersive gameplay experience tells the
story witches and wizards who came
before here you will meet lifelong
friends and grow into your own magical
abilities in the classrooms of the
world's most talented professors
and while your journey begins at
hallwoods brewing potions developed by
Gearbox software and published by 2K
Borderlands 4 is the latest installment
in the Acclaim firstperson looter
shooter series set on the new Planet of
Kos players will confront the formidable
antagonist known as the timekeeper and
his synthetic Army the order the game
introduces a seamless World design
eliminating loading screens between
areas and incorporates new traversal
tools like a grappling hook to enhance
exploration players can expect the
series signature blend of over-the-top
action diverse weaponry and Cooperative
game play supporting up to four
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
players I want to see you alone I want
to
I want to bounce around I want to mess
with it I want
to cyberpunk 2077 Ultimate Edition
brings CD project Red's expansive open
world RPG to the Nintendo switch 2 as a
launch title on June 5th
2025 this Edition includes the base game
along with all previously released
updates and expansions offering players
the complete experience of night City
notably it features the Phantom Liberty
expansion adding new story line
characters and areas to explore the game
has been optimized for the switch 2's
Hardware aiming to deliver a smooth and
immersive experience on the console
players can choose between purchasing a
physical 64 GB game card or downloading
the game digitally from the Nintendo
[Music]
eShop so go ahead and play but don't
forget the future is yours for the T
[Music]
Square Enix has announced that Final
Fantasy 7 remake intergrade will be
coming to the Nintendo switch 2 this
enhanced Edition includes the base game
a reimagining of the classic 1997 RPG
Final Fantasy 7 along with the
intermission DLC which introduces yui
karagi as a playable character in her
own Side Story the game features
improved graphics and additional content
over the original remake while the
release date for the switch 2 version
has not been specified it is expected to
launch sometime in
2025 let's make it a night to
[Music]
remember now let the hunt
begin Cloud lend me your
strength let us
developed by tarsier Studios known for
their work on the little nightmares
series rean animal is an upcoming title
for the Nintendo switch 2 the game
follows a brother and sister as they
navigate a series of dread fill
challenges to rescue each other while
specific gameplay details are limited
the announcement trailer showcases a
dark atmospheric World consistent with
tarer signature style the release date
for rean animal has not been announced
yet
a