Retro Ghetto. Hi everybody and welcome
back to what promises to be a very
special episode of the Retro Ghetto. I'm
in the West Midlands visiting Old School
Gaming to take a look at a full Super
Nintendo
[Music]
set. Oh my god.
No way.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
I've I don't even know what to say. You
know, for eight, nine years, I've been
trying to collect every Super Nintendo
game. Like, it's been a huge part of my
life for almost a
decade. And now they're in front of you.
Everything's here. You know, I go shop.
I spend, you know, I go around shop.
This is what I do. And if I find one
Super Nintendo game that I don't own, I
get excited and I start, oh my god,
there's what I need and now I've got
sensory overload
because there's 150 odd that or 200 that
I don't own that I need. Kid in the
candy shop does not do it justice, mate.
I don't even know. Like I don't know
what to say. I don't know where to
begin. I wish I'd made a list of what I
needed.
Let's make a list, shall we? So, I was
going to do this when I needed 200
games. I think as it stands, I need
about 208, but with uh this opportunity
arising to go and see a full Super
Nintendo set. There's no better time
than this. This is the night before the
footage you're seeing of the full set.
Anyway, uh I have here my Super Nintendo
anthology. I'm now going to go through
the painstaking process of going through
every one of the PAL games in here. I
think there's 531 according to this
anthology. I'm going to cross reference
them with all of the games that I
currently own. And uh we should have a
definitive list by the end of it of
games I still need and then I can jump
back to the shop Old School Gaming and
know exactly what it is that I need. So,
let's just crack on with it.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Right. So, I am currently at 100 games
that I need and I'm only on the letter
O. It is taking a lot longer than I
first thought it would, especially once
I got to like the M's and the N's, all
the Maddens, all the NHLs, all the NBAs,
93, 94, 95. A lot of cross references
long. And this is one of the downsides
of having colorcoded uh display as
opposed to alphabetical. I'm having to
hunt for them all. Um, but whereas I'd
normally call this a day now and I've
probably got a good couple of hours of
this left, going to see a full SNES set
is probably a once in a-lifetime
opportunity. So, it's an opportunity
that I need to make sure I'm fully
prepared for. But not only am I writing
down all the games that I don't own, I'm
also putting little asterises next to
the ones that I am highly interested in,
the ones that I'm going to be probably
adding to the maybe pile, the ones that
I want to be really paying attention to
how much value there is in them, how
much I can afford basically. And there's
even a handful that I've underlined, the
ones that I really, really want, but I'm
keeping them to myself for now. Um, but
yeah, uh, it's going to be a late night
getting this finished. probably got a
couple more hours cuz like I said, I'm
only roughly halfway into this list. But
uh yeah, um I'll say I'll catch up with
you guys tomorrow, but you guys have
already be ahead of me watching this
video. So yeah, back to old school
gaming. I've reached the end of the
list and I'm at
164 now. Either I've got a lot more
games than I thought, there's less in
the set than I thought, or this box's
wrong. I don't know what's going on. I
mean, I might have missed one or two
that's easily done, but I haven't
missed like close to
50. I don't know what's going on. Maybe
I'm just closer to the end than I
thought. But, uh, it's late. I'm getting
to my
bed.
Right. What a day tomorrow's going to
be. Let's
go. I mean, where do you begin? Where do
you start? Um, everywhere I look,
there's games I've never seen before.
Everywhere I look, there's Grails.
Um, firstly, Rich, I want to say thank
you for giving the opportunity to come
and see these games before anybody else.
I know they're technically not for sale.
They're not for sale, but the shop's
going to be open Saturday. So, this
video is going live Wednesday, Saturday
morning. The shop's open. Um, but
obviously there's a few games that we're
going to need to be having a
conversation about. Um, I just don't
even know where to begin. I don't even
know. Let's just dive into it and go
shelf by
shelf. Right. I mean, there's just so
many in there. Breath of Fire 2. Never
see
[Music]
it.
Games. Even Super Strike Eagle. You just
don't really see
that. I'm trying to concentrate on games
you never see.
Um, I
just Yeah. Where'd you Where'd you
go? Time cop. So many of these mid-range
games that, you know, they just are out
of existence now. You never see them.
Even Prince of Persia
2. You know, I dedicated a large part of
my life hunting these things and I've
never seen a lot of them.
Thankfully, I've already got this big
boy
here. Now, these are on my list. The
Dragon Ball
games. Mint. I always shudder at the
word
[Laughter]
mint. I hate the fact that one day I'm
going to have to pay that for Thomas the
Tank Engine as well. That kind of hurts
my soul a little bit. You do actually
see Thomas, though. That is one you do
see every now and again. Price that 125.
There is an absolutely battered one
that's sold. Yeah. Scented and I mean
batter. Usually it's battered. Probably
cuz it was little kids that had it.
Casper again. This is one you think
would be a popular game. Never see it.
Never see
Casper. Rich. I hate the fact that's a
good price
cuz don't make me buy that mate. Please.
Please don't make me buy that. Two after
that. Mike
for I won't say it. If he buys it
Saturday, he can buy it. Right. Luffia.
Never see Luffia, do you? So, is this
Australian only? Yeah. No, there's an
NTSC version. Yeah. Well, I mean, PAL,
the only PAL ones, Ros.
Um, yeah, things like this, right? Just
random sports games again. Never see
them.
I managed to find a copy of that
surprisingly because you never see that
very often. Turbo tune. Turbo tunes.
Yeah. That's NTSC. I've never seen that.
Family dog. O that's rough. But that's
that's priced sensibly. Yeah, because
that's one you do not see. Yeah, that's
about me. That is mate. Smashed
battered. That's a bit of me. That last
one I saw for those for sale a couple of
months ago. again.
[Music]
Right. Can I start making a maybe pile
then?
All
right, that's one row done. Let's make
us some maybe. Just noticed Exone
casually sitting down here. It's got a
lot of stickers, bit of damage, but this
is a very expensive game normally.
Obviously, you've priced it to reflect
the
condition, but yeah, that's uh one of
the heavy hitters on the system.
Wowers. We're going to get to the most
expensive games in a minute. Some
serious hitters down there. Right. Okay.
The Maybers have been looked at. Next
run. Oh, look at this straight
away. Heavy, heavy hitter. This is, I
think, the game most people go to in
their minds when they think about rare
Super Nintendo games, right?
X3. Uh, with me recently buying X2. I've
already got Mega Man X. And I'm actually
one of the weird collectors that is
happy to see this battered cuz now I'm
starting to think, is this going to be
affordable? Right? Because this is silly
money if it was in nice
condition. So, I'll have to we'll have a
conversation about
that. Uh, what else have we got? I
actually had one of these once upon a
time, sold it. I don't like the big box
things. I don't like that. I'd rather
have the game separately, personally.
Um, right. What else have we got in
here? Got
got winter gold. That's one that I need
actually. But I'm not coming here today
to buy games that you see. I've seen
Winter Gold a few times before. It's not
uncommon as
such. With days like this, you take
advantage of games you've never seen
before. So, uh, Lost Vikings 2. That is
an uncommon
[Music]
one. Virtual bar. That's been on my list
for a
while. Complete my Simpsons subset. That
would. And this ah you never see that
either. There's just a pull with Marvel
games as
well. Oh, honestly I might have to
cancel my wedding. Rich, you know,
just Whiz.
There's so many games if it was the only
one you had, I'd be buying them.
Prehistoric, man. Got
that game. Oh, that's NTSC. We have to
worry about
that. I think that's the one I need.
There's two Tintin games. Yeah, I've got
Tintin in Tibet. It's Prisoners of the
Sun that I don't
have. See, these are the ones that I'm
enjoying, right? The ones you never see
that are not ridiculously priced. So,
um, that was one on my
list. Super
Morph. Marco's Magic
Football. This is a strange one cuz I
think I thought this was that other
football game for a while cuz there's
one in America called Kid Cleats. Yeah.
And then there's Marco's Magic
Football, but there's also another one,
Soccer Kid. Yeah, I've got that. It's I
thought for a while I got confused and
thought that Marco's Magic Football was
like the NTSZ version of Right. So
there's two a little platformer. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh, this a mate.
Beautiful condition. A you hurting me,
mate. Hurting me now.
Got air of the Acrobat. I need air of
the Acrobat 2 though. Is that knocking
about? Yeah. Course. We know you've got
it. You've got them all, mate. You never
see this either. No. It's really cheap.
What? It should be really cheap. Look at
that. I'll buy three of them. I'm going
to All right. Yeah. Yeah.
Because someone decided to color the
black edges of the box. Oh, one of them
ones. Super widget.
Atlas game as well. You don't really
think of Atlas when you think of Super
Widget, but
yeah. Right. So, it's already dangerous,
but now we've reached the middle
section, which I mean, just look,
there's
about 10 grand sat on that one row. A
Let's look at this section. Right, let's
look at these big boys, shall we? The
Last Man,
Hagane. This Oh, man. Like I said,
there's something about Marvel games.
Look at that box art.
Only the second copy I've ever seen of
Ninja Warriors. And you've got one.
Mine's really nice condition as well.
Makes me realize what a good deal I got.
To be fair, this is arguably my most
wanted
just because I've got these memories of
playing as a kid. I don't think I played
it on the Super Nintendo as a kid. Maybe
maybe it was on Commodore 64 or
something. But it's like it hit me like
a nostalgia thing out of the blue a
couple of years back. slapped me around
the face like, "Oh, I remember that
game." And then I started trying to find
it. I had no clue it was on the Super
Nintendo. Australian Palace. Yeah,
that's why I never knew because it was
only an Australian
game. Yeah, maybe one
day.
Spawn Demon's
Crest. Luckily, I've got that. Oh, this
is calling me as well cuz I've got Pocky
Rocky 2 and it's such a good game.
Normally sequels are more expensive and
rarer, but in this
case, Pocky Rocket, the original one's
the harder one to find. I'd love to have
that in the collection. Um, Vampires
Kiss.
This
is a menace to all collectors. You know
why? It's always fake. Always fake.
Normally, you see it and it's too pink.
Um there was one fake on forums years
and years ago that it was that good um
people touted around other collectors
that compare it to theirs, right? Yeah.
Yeah.
It's one of them where there's probably
people with full sets out there that
don't realize it's fake cuz there's so
many fakes and so few legitimate copies
out there.
But when you come in with a set like
this and you know the chances are
increased that it's going to be a
legitimate one when you're looking at
you know the games it's sitting
alongside. This one doesn't have a price
on it. So we're going to have to have a
conversation about this cuz obviously
I'd love to get this Mega Man set done.
Um Knights of the Round again. And this
isn't in great condition. So I'm
assuming this a very expensive
one. Capcom, is it? Yeah, Capcom. It's
one of them games that you think would
be more common than it is. Like I mean
it's a Capcom beat him up. Like why is
it not more
common? Bit like Ninja Warriors really,
you know, good game, but then
Willow again, very heavy hitter. Jesus,
never mind canceling my wedding. I might
have to sell my
house. Right, I've missed out a shelf on
purpose because the most expensive game
is there and I want to get to that last.
Um, I had to work my way up to that. But
I mean, it just never stops. Everywhere
you look, just games that you never ever
see. Um, if I'm using the same words,
I've run out of superlatives, so you'd
have to forgive me. Spanky's
Quest, Captain America. Look at that.
Marvel.
Every time I move my eyes, money comes
out my account, right? What's it? Oh,
idiots. That's what I haven't
got. You might as well just charge me
rent, Rich. Can we set up like a bed and
I'll just I'll have one night a week
here. Super conflict.
[Music]
Only $19.99.
Bargain.
Oh, you don't see this one on the SNES
too
often. I'd love this as well. I mean,
look how green it is. I've got it on the
Mega Drive. I'm reaching that point
where I might have to start offsetting
Mega Drive for Super
Nintendo. Oh, look at it. It's green.
It's lovely.
[Music]
Have you got any affiliation with Mega
Drive? Like Yeah, I love Mega Drive,
mate. If uh
if for whatever reason well if I had to
choose no doubt Super Nintendo but but
if something happened and I had to get
rid of my Super Nintendo set or you know
some hypothetical universe all my SNES
games went I'd go Mega Drive. I love
Mega Drive just not as much. I think a
lot of people jump on Mega Drive purely
because the games are more obtainable.
Yeah. I mean they've aged better, aren't
they? They've aged so much better.
for me.
Yeah,
same. Don't see this one very often
doing a
sequest
rings. Look at that. 80 quid for a
fishing game that one day I'll kick
myself that I've not bought. That's the
problem. Actually, I'm going to go for
some fresh air. I need to I need to talk
to camera. Um, like I said, this is
almost a decade of collecting, but 30
years plus of my life being in love with
this console and then to see like every
game in front of me. Um, it's a good
time while I'm out the way down at this
end of the shop to talk about the
difficulties, the trials, and the
tribulations because this is what you
have to face when you go for a full set.
It's not like just buying the games you
want. Um, when you buy a full set, it's
kind of a different mentality because
you've always got it in your mind that,
well, I'm going to have to buy it one
day. I'm going to have to buy it one
day. Might as well be today, but you
can't think about that
because I can't spend tens of thousands
of pounds today, as much as I want to,
and buy all the games that I need.
Um, so it's very much trying to keep
control even though, you know, in the
long run, you know, might have struggled
to find some of these games. You might
struggle to afford some of these games,
but I'm in a strange situation where I
feel like I can almost see the end, but
it's still 200ish games away. I don't
really know exactly how many at this
point. Between 150 and 200 games
away. So, it's a weird one. I can't go
and buy 200 Super Nintendo games in one
go, as much as I want to. So, I have to
make some tough but intelligent
decisions. It's not just about letting
my heart rule my head basically. But,
best believe there's a lot of games I'm
going I'm going to be uh adding to the
set. Right. Like I say, we're going to
get to the uh most expensive game in
this entire lot towards the end. But, uh
moving on again.
Um there's just so many games that you
never see.
I Oh, guys, if I'm not doing a very good
job presenting, you'd have to forgive
me. The
uh the video making editing mode's gone
out the window, man. This is just this
is just kid in a candy shop right now.
You're just coming on the journey with
me. Um Oh, man. Fatal Fury Special like
this. Oh my goodness. Oscar, I didn't
even know that existed until last night
when I was doing my list.
Uh,
incantation. That was on my list. Arrow
the Acrobat,
too. Oh, someone's drawn on it. It's
been It looks like it's been signed.
Rather than reducing the price cuz it
got pen on. Bump it up. Arrow signed it.
Ink on the black. Ah, they've used a
black marker. And we don't know who
signed it either. That could just be
random. Somebody's mom.
Oh
man. Lagoon.
Well, Phantom. I've got that. And
there's another one I've got on the Mega
Drive. Don't see it on the Super
Nintendo very often. Bit damage on the
back. Lord of the
Rings. Another one. Acimation factory.
Surprisingly
rare. I wish I'd seen this. I just
bought this for more than that.
Oh, hello. I love how you've just got
like,000 wild guns just sat in a random
shelf down there. It's cuz they're not
organized yet. A lot of them have got to
go off together.
I'd love that. But
yeah,
NHL noise.
random games that you never see
everywhere you
look. Damn
Superman Power Drive. Oh, that's one I'd
like as well. World
Heroes. All right, let's look at the
next shelf of financial ruin. Um, to you
got two turquoans, don't you?
casual Helium versus Predator. That
seems like a good price. I thought it
was more than
that. Um, luckily I've got that. Got
that. Got that. This is high on my list
as well. Pirates of Dark
Water. The thing is it looks better on
the Mega Drive cuz it's a blue spine.
You know, the blue box, it just stands
out. This is a bit like it's a lot of
money to spend on a black but the game's
better on the SNES. I think it's more of
a platformer on the Mega Drive whereas
this is more of a beat them up. But it's
as rare on the Mega Drive though. I I
don't know. I've seen a couple of Mega
Drive ones. There's one in CX, isn't
there? No manual. And the last one they
had
was talking earlier about this. Battle
Racers. Just like a Power Rangers racing
game that you'll never see again.
[Music]
Um, what is that? Congo's
caper. I don't even remember seeing that
on my
list. Metal combat. That's a nice
box.
Australian. Was it Australian only or? I
think there was
a UK,
right? Price has gone down.
These are the annoying ones, aren't
they? Volleyball. I'm telling you, these
are the annoying ones. Bloody hype ball.
When I was talking to sold, it was those
titles that were the hardest to get.
Yeah, here they are. I know, mate.
Luckily, I've recently got that
Wolverine. Seems like a good price,
mate. All the ones I've got are well
priced. Going for a
chicken. I don't know if I've already
got that. Feel like I must have it. Hook
is one that you is weirdly uncommon.
Hook.
You think you'd see it more? You see it
quite a lot on the Mega Drive.
Ah, this I need to complete my
subset. Bloody
hell. Another one for the list.
If you're watching this and you're
seeing me go past absolute grails just
ignoring them. It's probably because I
own them. Like I say, I'm filming this
with my eyes for once. I'm not filming
through the camera. I'm filming for
me. We're back. A dinosaur story. Didn't
know this existed until last night.
We're back. A dinosaur story. Was this
an animation? This a movie or something?
I don't think it can't record a
film. You like TV series?
Big
hurt. Big hurt in my wallet. Let's look
at the most expensive game in here,
shall we? Um, so on this shelf, we've
got Final
Fight, Days Before
Christmas. This is one you don't see
very often, and it's tempting. Mohawk
and headphone jack. I already mentioned
Real Monsters. Final Fight 2, Final
Fight 3, very uncommon Final Fight 3.
Very rarely see it. That's the last one
I need for the uh Final Fight set, but I
think there's a better home for that
than with me. Here we go. The most
expensive one. Captain Commando. What
sort of price is this one, Rick? The
last two sold, one was
$1,800, one was 22. So, you're looking
at about two grandish. Yeah, within that
market. There's not a price on it. We'll
see what happens we get.
What in the
world? Capcom again. A game you think
would sell well. Another beat them up.
Sure. It's a good fun game. I'm going to
have to do it one day. Is today the day?
Just when you think it's over, guys,
there's more. There's more. That's the
scraps. These are apparently the scraps.
No, I don't think these are scraps, to
be honest, mate. It's some nice stuff in
here. It just never ends. And the maybe
pile never gets any smaller. Oh dear me.
Back in the 3.0. It's been a few hours
since I came home and I've had some time
to reflect on the morning spent looking
at a full Super Nintendo set. And um it
was amazing to see. I feel like
it's it's really sort of like lit a fire
in me to be honest. um seeing something
which I've been working towards for so
long and I've had so many naysayers, so
many people tell me like when I first
mentioned I was going on this journey
that I wouldn't be able to do it, that
it's impossible, that there's never been
a worse time to do it. And they weren't
necessarily wrong. But seeing it today
has made it feel more realistic, more
tangible. I can see it now, right? We're
not a million miles away. And I've never
felt more enthused by it. I've never
felt more invigorated and more ready.
I'm locked in now. we're going to get
this full Super Nintendo set. I used to
talk about full Super Nintendo set and I
used to talk about, well, I don't care
if it takes me 20 years. And I believe
that. I just kind of thought, well,
doesn't matter if I'm 50, 60 years old.
I will do it one day. But nah, we're
just going to go for it, guys. I'm just
going to just going to smash it. We're
just going to do everything I can in my
power to get this full Super Nintendo
set as soon as possible, right? I'm
fully engaged now. And today, like I
say, just really sort of enthused me
seeing it. Once again, I want to give a
massive shout out to Rich for the
opportunity. Make sure if you're
anywhere near that area that you go and
check it out on Saturday morning. Uh I
will of course leave a link below um to
Rich's Facebook page if you want to get
in contact with him about anything that
you may have seen in this video. And um
yeah, there is going to be a part two.
So Rich being a man of his word, like I
said I touched upon in the footage
there, these games are all going for
sale Saturday morning. Now you best
believe I'm getting some of these games.
So, a good friend of mine's going and he
is armed with a large list. And let me
tell you, if I just get half of the
games that I've got on this list of
wants, it's going to be by far my
biggest pickups ever. Like, not even
close. Um, so yeah, make sure you keep
it locked to the channel because part
two is coming. It's probably a once in a
lifetime opportunity that you get to see
a full Super Nintendo set and that you
get your pick of the games. So, uh,
yeah, I'm just praying I can get the
ones that I want for my collection. And
there's going to be a huge pickups video
coming to the channel very soon, which
will hopefully make a sizable dent in
what I still need for my own collection.
I purposely didn't film a few of the
games because I'm hoping that I can get
them and I can show them to you guys
down the line. So, yeah, like I say,
just keep it locked to the channel and
all that stuff should be coming very,
very soon. But, you know me, Super
Nintendo games aside, there's a lot more
games at Old School Gaming, right? It's
just a fantastic shop generally and I
had to pick up a couple of games. Now,
it's nothing in comparison to some of
the heavyhitting rarities that we've
just seen, but there was a few games
there that I wanted to grab for my
collection. First one's one that you
don't necessarily see too often. Um, and
this is just kind of filler sports
titles for the other 16 bit powerhouse,
the Mega Drive. So, I've got a Super
Real Basketball. I don't remember ever
seeing this that cover. These are all
complete. Uh, nothing particularly
expensive. And we've got Joe Montana 2
Sports Talk Football. It's just like a
five pound game. But whilst I'm
definitely not about to tell you that
I'm going full steam ahead for a Mega
Drive set, I'm still picking games up
that I don't own as and when I see them
slowly burning away in the background.
Right, the Mega Drive. And I got to give
a shout out to my friend James for this
one. So, this is a game that I've been
wanting to play since launch. And that
is Undisputed. I think we've been bereft
of a good boxing game now for some time.
Fight Night Champion was magnificent. I
absolutely adore that game. Um, but that
was a long time ago, right? So, I'm
hoping that Undisputed can even come
close to that. I was going to say
Lacit's Gloves. That would probably be a
more applicable statement to make. Um,
so yeah, we'll probably get this tested
out and you'll be seeing some footage of
this on Sunday's vlog or in the not too
distant future on the channel cuz yeah,
very um intrigued as to how Undisputed
plays. But guys, I hope you have enjoyed
this one. Once again, massive shout out
to Rich for giving us exclusive access
and allowing us to come along and see
the set whilst it's still in its
entirety. I'm still buzzing from it. Let
me know in the comments section below
what you think, what you would have
picked up if you could have picked up
any one game today, which is the one
that you would have had. And like I say,
keep it to the channel cuz you don't
want to miss the pickups video that
we've got coming very soon. As always,
play your games, keep it retro. Thank
you very much for watching. It's much
appreciated. Take care.
I wouldn't buy that if you knock me 40
quid off it.