[Music]
Hey everybody, welcome back. This is
Nintendo Treehouse Live Nintendo Switch
2. I am Demetrius and I'm joined here
with Sam and Kendra. And this is Mario
Kart World. All right. I'm so excited.
All right, Sam, why don't we talk about
what we're gonna be doing here? Yeah.
So, this is this is Mario Kart World.
And as the name implies, there is a
whole new world of Mario Kart to explore
in this game. Um, and as such, we know
we're not we're not going to be able to
get into super deep detail into
everything today. As you saw in the
direct yesterday, there is a dedicated
Mario Kart World Direct that will give
us the deep dive. uh information in a
couple of weeks. So stay tuned for that.
Um but uh for right now, this is going
really just going to be a first look.
And today we're going to be jumping into
the Grand Prix and show you the new flow
for how Grand Prix works in this game.
Um we're we're starting out on the
character select screen and you and I
just wanted to highlight some of the
cool animations that we're looking at.
It's so great. Got that little Mario
doing his little shimmy. Luigi Luigi
looks so cute. Just earlier you had it
on Toad who Okay. Yeah. We'll go back
again. Yes. I mean, come on. One of my
favorites is Waluigi here. He looks like
he's ready to rumble. He really does.
He's ready to throw down. Okay, so but
uh for this here, we're going to we're
going to stick with Mario. Yes. We're
going to try and minimize distraction.
Okay, cool. And we could see that we've
got these fully formed vehicles now.
We're no longer selecting individual
cart parts like we were in Mario Kart 8
Deluxe. We could still see the details,
so you can still get your stats. Um and
we've got some really cool vehicles. One
of my favorites here is Charging Truck.
Such a good one. Yeah. Um and the and
the Baby Blooper. And the And the Baby
Blooper. Yeah. Um for right now, I'm
going to I'm going to roll with the
standard cart. Still great. Nice.
Classic. Classic. And we're going to
we're going to do the Mushroom Cup. You
could see we've got four brand new
courses here. Mario Brothers Circuit,
Crown City, Whistle Stop Summit, DK
Spaceport. And then on the map, uh you
could see that these courses are
actually connected in a physical world.
And we are going to drive between them
in the Grand Prix flow. But we'll we'll
show a little bit more of that later.
So, let's do a mushroom cup and we're
going to go with 100 cc. Take it a
little bit slower so that we could take
in more of the details. On a little road
trip. Yeah. Yeah. That's kind of the
idea, you know, that all of this is in a
world now. All right. We're going to be
starting at Mario Brothers Circuits.
Yeah. So, when you select a cup, you get
this uh fly over of the courses that
you're going to be racing on. Ah, so
good. Look at them. Yeah. Look at those
rainbow sparks. I'm already seeing new
ways to go I haven't done before. The
more you play these courses, the more
details that you'll notice on the
periphery of different routes and
different things that you can do. I love
all the little details and the little
signs. All right, first race. Mario is
ready. Yeah. And we can see Mario's
ready. Are you ready? Yes. I hope so.
And as Sam gets ready here, he's getting
ready to start. You notice that there
are 24 racers as well. Yeah, 24 racers
on the starting grid.
And if you think about Mario Kart is
like a mathematical formula for
potential chaos in
increasing the number of of racers to 24
is a very significant variable in
increasing that chaos. And that's what
we need. We need that chaos. Absolutely.
That's what makes it so good. You never
know what's going to happen. All right.
There. Oh, nice. That was clutch. Right
into second place. All right. Oh, coin.
Got a battle here, though. Still got it.
I timed that. Well, so lucky there.
Got some coins. All right. You still got
so many more coins. Look at all those
coins. Yeah, that's a new item. That's a
coin shell. And one thing I want to say,
too, is um you'll note the way the bomb
is behind Mario. Uh it's actually being
held there without Sam having to hold
down a button. Correct. That's a new
thing to this game. And it's very
helpful, I will say. Yeah. Items
automatically assume that defensive
position. You no longer have to hold a
button down. You'll really hold on to
this too long. Yeah. I mean, it's not
going to lose. Yeah. A couple of new
things there. A couple of new things
there. So, there was a a brief rail ride
into a wall ride.
Yeah. That and the blue shell missed you
there. So, you were I didn't even notice
that. I was so focused on doing other
things. So, you'll notice the first time
I took this lap, I took a slightly
different route here. And now you can
see my vehicle. You don't have those
like gliders that you had in Mario Kart
8 Deluxe. Now, your vehicle wings wings,
which is really cool. Yeah. And I also
appreciate your your defensive strategy
here, Sam, of like hanging on to your
items. You're just like, I'm hanging on
to this in case. Well, I'll hang on to
this for a little while. So, I'm riding
on this rail now. And this is something
that's new. You could see that I can
build up boosts just like I could uh
just like you can when you're drifting.
Yeah, I'll do that again.
It's really fun to do. So, if you think
about like in Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, you
had those um you had those anti Oh, see,
and now it's raining.
You were you were quite ahead in first,
but it looks like everyone's detail. You
could see how Mario's hat gets wet in
the rain. Oh, yeah. It's the course is
getting completely wet, too. It's
changing the way it looks. So, it's
awesome. Okay, I've got a little bit of
a lead here, so I'll finish with a
little flourish. Oh, look at you. Boom.
Hey, good job. Well done. Thank you.
Thank you. I'm proud of that. I'm I'm
happy with the way that went. And Mario
looks amazing with the crown on top of
the hat. We got two hats going on. Well,
that's uh this this could be a very
temporary state, so please uh no early
congratulations.
No, I I just got so excited. You did so
good. All right, next race. All right,
so we'll get on to the next race. And as
you can see here, yeah, it's sort of
it's drawing our path to Crown City. And
that's because, well, look, we're we're
starting the next course, but we're
still here at Mario Brothers Circuit.
And that's because, well, we're not just
going to automatically be transported to
Crown City. We're going to drive there.
These courses are connected in a world.
Oh, don't miss your boost. Oh, no. I was
too busy talking. I was right. I got I
got it up. It's all good. So now you can
as we drive by Yoshi here. Yeah. So
we're we're on the road to home. Oh my
gosh. The Goomba. Poor Goomba. We're
We're on the road. Oh, you gotision.
You're good. You're you're good. You're
good. As you can tell, there's a lot of
obstacles in the course. There's a lot
of different people you want to drive
around. Just be careful. Yeah. There's a
lot of traffic here, including glmbbas.
And so you start you start to get the
idea that like you know these sections
in between the courses sort of blur the
line of like what is a course? The whole
world starts to feel like a course in in
Mario Kart World, which is amazing.
Yeah, it's so much fun. Oh, you going to
be able to get Oh. Oh, nice. Nice. Get
him. Oh, I thought he was going to turn
into a go. You know what though? I was
going to say, yeah, that blue shell was
coming though. Oh, that was aimed at
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. We could
see in the distance there. We're coming
up on Crown City. You see that big tire
over there? Over there. Just about to
make it there.
All right, we're getting all the way.
Oh, you got a comfortable. I'm not too
comfortable. It's not comfortable.
Mario's excited. I spoke too soon. You
got a red shell coming after you. All
right. Sorry. Did I Did I I had You
dodged it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right.
So, as we're about to approach Yeah. Get
those coins here. Coins. I want coins.
Where did that come from? I have no idea
where that came. Don't worry about it.
Be very careful. All right, things
looking good. Going for that rail. Yeah,
I'll take it. Yeah, the more you play
these courses, the more you start to
realize these rails are all over the
place and there are different routes and
different paths that you can take. Yeah,
I'm stillicial.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, you're already racing
slightly different than I was. So, it's
great to see. And as you can see, uh you
can now do multiple tricks when you're
in the air. Awesome. All right, that's
good.
Okay, here we go. Lead going on. About
to make our way. There's people cheering
in the sidelines
there. And you can just see all these
banners are up. Mario Kart TV. Really
cool stuff.
Okay. Wow, look at you going in. Yeah,
you're really I know you're making me
proud. It's really It's really fun to
do.
And it looks like all your competition's
starting to catch up behind you here.
Yeah, I was going to say not over yet.
You still got to you got to hold that
position. I was going to say this a
little bit earlier, but like in in Mario
Kart 8,
nice try. This game is not going to wait
for me to speak. No.
Every time it happens, you're like,
"Nope, nope." Oh, hold on. Hold on.
Oh, I respect I respect what you're
trying to do there. Still got it. Still
got it. Got it. All right. You had some
good acceleration. I was being
threatened by Bowser Junior there. That
was like 3 seconds later. That would
have been probably second place. All
right. So, what was our overall
standing? Okay, you're you're doing good
here. Junior was hot on my heel. Yeah.
Nice. Okay. On to the
next. That was so close. Mario looked
really stoked about that. Yeah.
So, up next is Whistle Stop Summit. with
the course. We're going to drive there
first. Yeah, we're not we're not just
going to transport ourselves there.
Third race.
Mario characters there. Don't forget
that boo, Sam. There you go. You got it.
Thank you. All the toads. They're so
cute. Your little delicates diner again.
Diners. Oh, speaking of diner, here we
go.
Let's get some snack. Yeah, there we go.
All right. Dash
food. Yum. Oh, in between those in
between those cars. Okay. So, like
what's one of the most fun things about
going on a road trip is like trying all
the different food in in in these
different places that you visit. So, I'm
I've got a burger here. There you go.
Boost. And
it can transform you into a different
outfit. Yes. So cool. Go off that
surfboard. Go off the surfboard.
Oh, it curse. You can do it. You can do
it. Oh, you got it right. Oh my
goodness. I gave it I gave it a little
kiss. Oh, hey. It works out in the end.
You meant to do that.
Yeah, we'll call that planned. That that
bank shot. Yeah, I was going to say. Oh,
wow. Right back. Yeah.
Okay. Okay. So, now we're we're getting
into we're transitioning into whistle
stops helmet here. Here we go.
And again, we've got these wings going
to be it. Yeah, there we go. Oh, okay.
Nice. I'll race here, but I know there's
some rails. There we go. Nice. There we
go. So, because this is a rail station,
there are a lot of rail riding
opportunities and a lot of green shells.
A lot of green shells. You're right. Oh,
four. Oh, close. All right. How many
coins do you have? You have 10. All
right. So, you're looking pretty good
there. I'll get a few more. Yeah. Okay.
And there's some nice Oh, wait. You
already have two items.
Yeah. Oh, yeah. Get up on the rails
here. This is really fun. Oh, watch out
for that.
back. Oh, that Oh, well, we're only in
second. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we can bring
we can bring this back. Yeah, we got
some time. We got some time. Good. You
know, you've been very lucky. I've seen
a couple red shells now like behind you
and it's not not been able to catch up
with you. So, that's great. Oh, okay.
We're good. We're good. We're good.
We're good. Like, you got this, Sam.
A few more coins. It can never hurt.
Yeah.
Oh, hey. Oh, look at that. Beautiful.
All right, it's good. Okay, taking the
lead again. Okay, you got this. Sorry,
I'm like now the heart's pounding and
I'm
No pressure all the pressure. Got some
healthy adrenaline going on. Take a few
more. It'll help. This is looking good.
Oh no, DK's in front of me though. Oh.
Oh, I got you go. There we go. Oh,
here we go. Did DK go flying?
I don't know what happened. He was doing
some other I don't know but I like it.
Whatever happened it was serendipitous.
Yeah, it was great. Here we go. Yes.
All righty.
Riding the rail to victory. Setting off
a good pace. I I'm liking this. Getting
first person first and first.
Look at Mario. Yeah. But you could see
how those those rails really change your
path. It really does. Yeah. And you can
do something different every time. Yeah.
It opens up so many possibilities. It
really does. All
right. Spaceport. I love this. I know. I
am super excited for this one. Goodbye.
Whistle. Stop summit.
Final raid. I love that. Oh my goodness.
All right. You got this. Perfect. Yes.
Nice. Yeah. DK got it, too. So, don't
let him draft off the race. Thank you.
Yeah. Yeah. Are you drafting off of him?
Yeah. Nice.
Oh, see there was a little ramp up there
to that power line. So you can you can
rail ride on those power lines. So cool.
All right, we got this. So you got two
items coming up here if you can get them
both.
Car took it.
We'll take the coins. Two coins. Yep.
Oh, that green was right there. Well, is
that on driver? Yeah, it is. It's DK. DK
wants the followed closely by Ber Jun.
Did he get him? He did. Yeah, he did.
Oh, you got a battle. He took the items.
I didn't get him.
So, you see how a comfortable lead uh
can be can be uh removed from you
instantly. Mhm. Okay. So, we're passing
this sort of security gate now and we're
getting into DK spaceport. We're on our
way there. You might see something good.
Some familiar
pattern back there. Yeah, you can see
the entire course essentially all the
way out there, which is so cool.
Somebody behind me. Oh, okay. Now then.
Yeah. Well, that that was great. The
toads are cheering you on, Sam. You got
this. Doing my best. Here we go. Oh,
see if I can get a draft. Yeah, like a
little bit closer. Oh, he missed items.
Yeah, I think you're almost there. Yes.
Oh, you got it. I've got another turn
into it. She brought it back. Yeah, you
got it. You got it.
I can see. That was a good strategy.
Like just run into me. So, be careful to
me with my green shell. Yeah, we can see
Robo DK. I'm going to say uh
preparing. Yep.
Okay. So, you got Good. Five more laps
to
go. Four now.
So, this is uh Can you make that? Can I
do it? You can. You could rail ride up
here and dodge these barrels. Watch me
dodge that blue shell. Evacuate all
items.
It's kind of good you ended up there,
though. Yeah, I know. You can pick up
some uh coins and make up for what you
lost. Don't get too tight. Yeah, this
right here was always tricky to me. Just
trying to dodge the barrels that come in
and out, right? I love these old school
vibes. This is Yes.
You almost there. You got it. If you
have if you have green shells or any
kind of shell and you aim them properly,
you can you can break the barrels with
the shells. Nice. Which can be a good
strategy. Keep you from running into
something. Okay, I'm concentrating now.
Sorry. Got it. You got it. You got it. I
know. I'm not even playing and my heart
is going. I know.
Oh. Oh, somebody behind me. Okay, you
got Yeah, they just unleashed those.
They were pretty determined. Yeah, I was
going to say probably erase off that.
Look at that. Oh my goodness. Yes.
There. See, there was a red. You've
dodged every red shell. It's been great.
No, not the blue shells, though. Oh,
another one. Come on. Right in the turn.
I know. And we're getting We're getting
toward the end of the final lap. Deast.
[Laughter]
Okay. Okay. Now he's getting 10 behind
you. He's behind you. Okay. Okay. You're
back in first.
Oh my goodness. Oh my god. Well done.
Good job. Okay, I'm clapping now. Thank
you. Thank you. Holy cow. That was a
nailbiter at the end there. My heart is
going crazy. All right. Okay. Hard
earned hard earned victory. Even Even at
100cc, that was a challenge. All right.
Well, I will uh I will revel in the
victory ceremony that comes. Let's see
the celebration banana loading screen.
Look at that little
back on Mario Brothers circuit.
Celebratory
fireworks. I love Bowser Jr.
Yeah, I know. Wearing his little outfit.
DK in second. He was hot on my trail the
whole time. Yeah.
All right. Hey, he's got he's got big
dreams.
Little guy. Big dreams.
Perfect. Well done. Well done. Thank
you. We're heading off. Yeah. So, our
way. So, now that now that we've seen
the the new flow for ground for Grand
Prix, let's let's jump into something a
little different and try and try and uh
relax ourselves after that. Now, we can
breathe. Yeah. All right. So, uh, one of
the one of the new components of Mario
Kart World is free roam.
So, when you when you when you uh hit
the plus button there, you can just
automatically jump right into free roam.
And here we are just driving around in
the world. And we can we can take
another look at where we just were.
Yeah, you could take another look at
some of the courses which is off to our
right. Yeah. Yeah. So, as you can see
over here, this is Mario Brothers
Circuit, the one of the the course that
we started on for the Mushroom Cup. And
as you can see, like there's no you when
you drive off course, Lockit 2 doesn't
come and pick you up like he does in the
Grand Prix. You can drive anywhere,
explore. Yeah. Grab a snack. You can go
to the diner, get yourself a milkshake,
go to Not really, but you know,
theoretically. And I could take a I
could take a quick look at the map here
and you could see where it exists in the
world and get an idea of some of the
other courses. And we could see over
here is Crown City and DK Spaceport.
We'll we'll stay at Mario Brothers
Circuit for a little bit and explore a
little bit more. You could drive there
too if you wanted. Yeah. And here you
can get a little bit more practice on
the course if you wanted to, but there's
a lot more to discover in free roam
mode. And let's let's drive around a
little bit. See what we can find. There
are other races around here. Hi, friend.
There's a Toad driving the car. Yeah.
Koopa Troopa driving the other car.
There there are so many details in this
world that you can that you can start to
get an idea of when you when you no
longer have the pressure of racing
behind you. Yeah, absolutely. Like
there's there's sections up here. I
discovered when I was in free roam mode
earlier on Mario Brothers Circuit that
there were uh some rails up in the top
that I didn't know existed. So, you can
basically create a strategy while you're
here for when you're in the race. And
here's a new Yeah, this is new. When
you're when you're racing on the water,
your vehicle kind of transforms into
this watercraft mode, which is really
cool. I love all the signage everywhere.
Yeah, there's there's the touches. Yeah,
there there's a lot of like branding and
stuff in the world. Obviously, you've
got all these ads on the side of the
world. Yeah. Luigi tires. Okay. Well,
let's let's get Sorry. Let's uh let's go
over to Crown City for a moment.
Take a look. Yeah. And you get another
perspective. There is a there is a day
and night cycle when you're when you're
in the in the world. And there are
weather systems, too, that can affect
the way things look. I want to let this
shy guy pass me so I can drive get a
little bit off course here so you can
get an idea of what it's like to drive
around in the world. There's a Yoshi. I
know. And you can run over. You can also
even stop and hang out. Yeah. Like you
can Yeah. Say hi to the Yoshi. Hello. Hi
Red Yoshi.
Looks great. All right. Well, so what
I'm going to do is I'm going to try and
find a jump real quick so I can get a
cool pose and then we'll and then we'll
jump into photo mode. Nice. Oh, right
here. Yeah. The moment. Perfect. All
right. So, let's look at that. Let's
take a look at photo mode.
Excellent. All right. And we I think
we're going to we're going to end things
there for this segment. Yes. That looks
great, Mario. All right. So, everybody,
once again, this was Mario Kart World.
And of course, uh, don't worry, we're
going to be right back coming up with
Donkey Kong Bonanza. So stay tuned.
We'll see you soon.