going live going live and you are live
baby welcome to the final Nintendo
Direct of the switch one era I am your
host for this reaction stream today
Rogers base we are up bright and early
this morning we are one week away from
the switch 2 direct and it doesn't even
matter because we've got hype upon hype
upon hype this morning for today's
Nintendo Direct welcome everybody seeing
lots of people in the chat already tons
of my mods tons of my members welcome
welcome welcome I hope you guys are
locked in again I know it's early in the
morning I know we weren't expecting this
I know this is unprecedented Nintendo
never does this they never do a direct
back to back and yet here we are less
than a week from now we're going to know
everything about the switch to less than
a week from now a week from now I'm
going to be on a plane to New York like
this is crazy this is crazy welcome
everybody how long do we have left 15
minutes minutes until the Nintendo
Direct 15 minutes let me turn down the
Donkey Kong music a little bit I had the
Donkey Kong music played in the
background cuz I wanted something hype I
don't expect anything Donkey Kong
related today obviously we just got
Donkey Kong Country Returns HD
Nintendo's been tweeting up a storm
about that game but I don't think we're
getting anything Donkey Kong maybe maybe
dk64 on
NSO maybe but also even then I don't
think we're getting that today all right
let me turn this down a little hold on
sorry Donkey Kong you got to
you got just be a little quieter I don't
mind I can have it running in the
background I just don't want it to be
too loud but welcome are you going to be
getting the new Switch on release of
course am I getting the new Switch on
release do elephants have trunks of
course I'm getting the new Switch on
release welcome also Best Buy in Canada
said that the pre-orders are actually
going to go live next Wednesday I mean
that makes a lot of sense normally
pre-orders do go live after direct so
that makes a lot of sense that the
direct obviously is happening next
Wednesday for the switch 2 it would make
sense that the pre-order go live right
afterwards not a huge shock to me uh
hopefully we're going to get a new Mario
Kart and new Mario Odyssey well again
not today today maybe temper
expectations a little bit though it does
seem strange that they're having a
massive direct the week before so like I
did that video yesterday morning sort of
predicting what I think we're going to
see today and there is a lot of really
cool stuff obviously that we could see
we could see uh Metroid Prime 4 right
like getting actual gameplay of Metroid
Prime 4 we already got a little bit of
gameplay during the last direct thank
you very much by the way moth gu saying
how many Gift subs for wi Waker oh man I
mean I would love to see win Waker HD in
Twilight Princess HD I think those ports
have been talked about for years at this
point and we're in sort of a situation
where like if we don't get them today
during the last switch one of the uh
switch one direct of the switch
era I feel like do those even exist
that's kind of how I feel about a lot of
stuff whether that's Planet roboot
remaster you know kidus Uprising
remaster which now has more validity
after socer I tweet last night even
though Sakurai as of like 2 hours ago or
something where is this he tweeted this
out let me go back real quick let me go
let me go back let me show you guys this
so I retweeted last night before I went
to bed after I was on the Nintendo Prime
podcast I retweeted sakurai's tweet Who
quote tweeted today's direct with h
which is like interesting interesting
interesting in Japanese and I wrote oh
like in response CU normally Sakurai
doesn't quote retweet things unless he
has something that is in the direct but
then this morning he tweeted out in
response on a quote tweet to an article
about him saying interesting to the
direct he basically essentially said wow
I really qu can't tweet anything can I
implying like maybe there actually isn't
more to it and he was just sort of
tweeting I think he said I can't tweet
blindly yeah I can't tweet carelessly is
what he said so maybe maybe Sakurai is
not in this I do think whatever
sakurai's game is we're going to find
out in the next 12 days right either
today or we're going to find out during
the switch to direct but that's kind of
the situation we're in right now it's
only a week away it's like we don't have
to wait super long for whatever he's
working on uh regardless but today I I
do feel like Metroid Prime 4 is going to
be a giant part of it I do think yeah if
Twilight Princess and Wind Waker HD
basically are happening I think they
will probably happen today uh I think
you know again planet roboot that
rumored Fire Emblem
remake uh again it's we're in a weird
situation like maybe they end up giving
us Mario movie news cuz they've done
that during General directs before we
don't know anything about the Mario
movie 2 that's coming out in like a year
I think at this point maybe we get some
some casting information about that we
know some people are coming back we know
like the the main cast of the first
movie is coming back but I mean like new
characters like who's playing daisy or
Wario or Yoshi or whatever maybe we'll
get that today uh what else NSO I think
this is probably like my my number one
lock it in prediction I feel like that
NSO play test that happened last year
that was for a new update to Nintendo
switch online they specifically said
this that was going to launch on
Nintendo switch well we now have one
more week basically of the switch being
relevant so I feel like if they're going
to launch that thing and obviously all
this switch stuff we're going to see
today is going to be playable on switch
2 but if they're going to launch that
thing I feel like they're probably going
to talk about it and show it off
today and uh and that's my big guess I
think there's going to be something NSO
related also spider dude just super
chatted said Roger let's get that Fire
Emblem genealogy remake brother dude I
would love to see that I would love to
see a fire emblem uh genealogy remake
that's something that I've wanted for a
long time because of bridg I even had
her in my thumbnail for yesterday's
video If we go to my video yesterday
look at this where is it I put it right
in the thumbnail yesterday was crazy
dude between all the Marvel news and
then like Ronaldo and fatal Fury and
then yeah there's Bridgette right there
so again I think I think genealogy can
happen I also think we are looking at a
situation in which we might see silk
song actually there's been Rumblings
about some steam listing for silk song
there's actually movement going on that
would be a fitting finale to the final
direct of the switch era you kick things
off with Metroid Prime you end with silk
song that would definitely make waves
there's been talked from a bunch of
different insiders saying that there is
a thirdparty game in this Direct that's
apparently going to get people talking
maybe it's silk song Maybe it's Master
Chief Collection you know that's been a
long rumored thing for switch for a
while too I can maybe see that happening
I know there was already a listing for
the new trails game as well that'll
probably be here so we'll see also thank
you by the way to Doom GC who said have
a great direct Roger all my coins go to
Prime 4 or anything Metroid much love
from Quebec let's go boys let's go
indeed welcome welcome welcome thank you
very much for the donation appreciate it
and yeah I think like again Metroid if
you're going in with the expectation
we're going to see Metroid today you're
probably going to feel pretty good by
the end of this Direct I have a feeling
even if I well I'm not even going to say
even if Prime 4 doesn't show up here cuz
Prime 4 is showing up here but I think
we might even get more Metroid I think
we might see that rumored Prime 2
remastered if there's anything about
that and also I see Brendan J Smith
donating saying Danny deito is Wario
that would be crazy that would be crazy
but I think the only other big
prediction that I have that I didn't
share in that video yesterday that I now
feel pretty confident about today is I
feel like the new Delta run chapter is
going to Shadow drop during this um
there was basically from what I
understand a Twitter account that tweets
out how many days until Delta run
basically and they update every single
day they basically tweet out how many
days until Delta Rune and they've been
having a countdown and on that Twitter
account they basically said one
yesterday and Toby Fox himself liked the
Tweet which goes to show that we're
probably getting Delta Rune today Toby
Fox he's much like Sakurai in the fact
he's not going on Twitter liking things
randomly everything is for a reason so I
feel like Delta Rune probably is a lock
and it makes sense I feel like that game
has been in development for a while now
chapter 3 has been a development when
did chapter 2 come out I'm trying to
remember when did chapter 2 come out I
feel like that was 2021 2022 it was a
while ago so again now is about time
also Brendon J Smith said last switch
one direct pour one out for eeka of
course joyc Con boys for Life man of
course joycon boys for life we got eight
minutes left and we also got zanana dude
saying Banjo Boys ready for more
disappointment I mean maybe don't expect
banjo today would be my thing I would
say maybe don't expect banjo in any
realm I don't think Banjo Kazooie is
showing up here today but we'll see all
right real quick I want to go hop in the
Japan time room before we get started I
just want to see what's going on with
everybody and see where they're sitting
right now I'm going to turn this music
down just a little bit but I just sort
of want to see how people are feeling
about uh what's it called what we think
think we're going to see in this direct
so I'm going to hop on in all right
what's up you guys we're live what's up
Co what's up Z welcome I told you guys I
was going to come into the Japan time
room before the direct started while I
was on stream I told you we were some
prediction doing after I have oh no of
course not no you thought that I had
like Insider knowledge that Nintendo
gave me the direct earlier or something
and then I I jumped in the Stream all
right I I just went over my predictions
with the chat what predictions do you
guys think are going to happen what are
your
dies whoa dude I don't want to die live
on stream what are you talking not a
week before the switch to a week before
the switch to that'd be horrible what
dude what did we say yesterday I said
okay but I said like if there was smash
or chronal Trigger or I said halo I said
halo oh Halo Halo Halo that's right I
said uh I said Kirby triple the two pack
of Triple Deluxe and triple Del I
brought up the planet roboot thing but I
literally forgot about the triple deluxe
thing you're right you're right you're
right but I do feel like the triple
deluxe double pack is a cool idea and I
think if they end up doing that with
maybe Zelda with like Twilight Princess
or Wind Waker that would be kind of cool
too to end up doing like basically both
in one double pack that would be neat
yeah Halo does kind of I'm I'm feeling
Halo a little bit going into this now
too at first I was thinking about it
before we
did it would be super fun I mean that
would be the third party game to get
conversation flowing if they dropped
Master Chief Collection randomly that'd
be
crazy also my headphones are going crazy
apparent apparently uh they're not fully
charged so I got to charge these things
before the direct starts so it doesn't
completely die live on stream can't have
this happening oh oh I'm seeing um I'm
seeing the oxan on my chat bring up
something interesting too saying we
might get Rhythm Heaven today because
it's now been long enough wrong that's
wrong been long enough since suko beat
his cancer so maybe cuz he had cancer
that was I know he had cancer yeah that
was the whole big reason the the series
was you beat it how long ago beat it
apparently a while ago
apparently nice that's pretty good out
man uh Jonathan Walker also says you
know want to know what I predict after
you mentioning that my headphones
screaming about my all right yeah I know
I don't want that to happen I don't want
my headphones to die Midway through so I
am going to plug this in make sure
everything's looking good so hello verum
hey what's up verum welcome welcome
welcome what do you think's happening
today honestly I have no clue you got no
clue
no Mario shows up well Mario maybe like
a side game or something I could maybe
see I don't think yet they're not
getting any any major Mario news today I
don't think also Noah donated and said
guests are too loud uhoh hold on wait
say something you guys hello something
okay that was probably earlier when
things were okay before when I first
started but he should be okay now also
Tech zero donated and said what is up
Rogers base and fam excited for the
direct absolutely of course last story
somebody in my chat is saying last story
that would be
cool that' be Last Story would be super
neat to bring that back like the
operation rainfall
remakes cuz what Pandora's Tower was one
of the other ones we had Xenoblade
Pandora Tower um trying to think of some
of the other ones yeah yo Dan how come
is it when I when I uh collab stream
with you I get the Bots and my
interesting collabs what do you mean
Bots you're on Twitch I'm on YouTube Bro
there AR any bots on YouTube I have
subscriber only mode 5 minutes we're
good also people are saying it's still
too hard to hear my voice what the heck
I'm right here hello for someon the
collab chat the bot only appears in the
collab chat it doesn't appear in our
chat weird like individual weird weird
weird oh people are saying I sound fine
now okay everything everything is evened
out which is
good I've seen some people say monster
hunter Wild's on switch trust no no no
no no no not happening that thing to exp
I was like that thing chugs on a steam
deck at low settings I don't see a world
we're going to end up getting a Wilds on
switch let alone even on switch 2 I
don't see a situation that it's even
going to be on switch 2 either so
yeah um what else is happening any other
any other last minute predictions before
I hop on out of here and pull up
everything we got four minutes left with
this direct zenos Saga collection oh
zenos Saga collection is actually a good
idea um Zeno gears collection not saga
no Zeno Saga literally I just got
someone who donated Tornado Man who said
bit of a stretch but maybe zenos Saga
collection or Zeno Saga remakes that
would be cool no I get I get Zeno gears
and Saga mixed up
sorry gears is the old RPG that was on
PlayStation and Saga was the one that
did PS2 era Saga is like the three part
right right right right correct okay and
then um we also got another donation
from zanana dude this is great that
you're bringing this up while coost is
in the call saying Golden Sun Remix
would be very nice even in the same
reign as Advanced Wars it'd be nice
that's right it in another life that's
right you just don't want to get your
hopes up just yet which I think is smart
no I just I just don't think that game's
ever coming he's been hurt too much yeah
I feel that also I brought this up uh I
brought this up before I was in the call
but I wanted to bring this up again now
remember we had that conversation last
night about uh sakurai's ho tweet
apparently there was an article written
about him on some Japanese News website
and then he quote tweeted the Japanese
News website and said wow I really can't
tweet anything anymore can I so that
that might not mean anything it might
have just been that like people went too
crazy with it yeah he he never does it
yeah can one of you like stream in this
channel just so that we're all synced
yeah for sure for sure for sure well I'm
hopping out I'm hopping out as soon as
the thing starts I got like one minute
left in fact I should be hopping out but
um yes you guys should stream everything
in the channel and I will be back after
the thing ends we got uh Brendan by the
way saying bloodborne on switch before
PS5 honestly get out get out all right
here we go goodbye you guys all right
there you have it there you have it
predictions from the Japan time team we
also got mochi mochi coming through with
the Super Chat saying Roger Nikki please
come to Japan again I got good news for
you I'll be there in November don't you
even worry about a thing I'm coming back
to Japan super excited for it I'm
actually going all over the place we
might even have the Japan time crew with
me it's going to be a good time I will
be there wow people are going crazy with
some of these donations we got Chrono
Trigger remake remaster I don't know
about that one Chief I don't know about
that one today
Chrono Trigger remaster I don't think so
one minute left all right let me turn
off the Donkey Kong music let her give
everything going this is really it we
are really really really at the end now
this is it we've been saying every other
direct oh one more direct to end out the
switch one errow one more direct to end
with the switch one era we're done now
it's actually over and done with this is
the last one bring on Metroid Prime 4
bring on silk song Bring on those HD
Twilight Princess Windwaker reports
bring on Delta room bring on whatever
else you got let's wrap up the switch
one era strong chat Come On Everybody
Let's Get Hype in the chat we got KY
saying I got my clown makeup ready to go
this morning welcome welcome shout out
to the 1,500 people watching at 6:30
a.m. welcome even though it's a switch
direct not even a switch to direct here
we go rating pending mature to 17 plus
let's go let's go everybody chat is up
let's go let's go let's go Nintendo
Direct okay here we go kicking things
off where are we starting where are we
starting oh Dragon Quest this is this is
a good place to start we know about this
already Dragon Quest one and two this is
good this is good I'm actually surprised
I didn't bring this up in my
videos but yeah for sure this is a
no-brainer Japan loves Dragon Quest this
is a huge deal Dragon Quest 3 HD was
fantastic this is good this is a good
way to start good game to start
[Music]
and actually I'm more interested in
Dragon Quest 1 and 2 HD 2D really than I
was in Dragon Quest 3 cuz Dragon Quest 3
I thought was already pretty much a good
game but Dragon Quest 1 and two they got
a couple problems where I feel like I
can't really go back and play them in
2025 the quality of life features are
definitely going to help this for sure
also super interesting that they're not
opening with a first party game that
they're opening with a third party game
but again they know what sells they know
people love Dragon Quest they know
people are excited about this we know
we're getting new content with this here
we
go and the artwork is so beautiful too
honestly beautiful beautiful beautiful
beautiful kicking things off with Dragon
Quest that went fast too man no extended
trailer all right aashi what you got
welcome today we'll be providing
information on upcoming Nintendo switch
games of course forget about Dragon
Quest one and two I want dragon is n
Sentinels of the star sky that would be
great they had to remind us they said by
the way next week we got switch two here
we go okay okay okay what you got saw
was dragon and HD remake from Square
enx another character appeared at the
end what kind Adventure awaits oh is
that not a character from the first game
I just assumed that was a character from
the original game turn the volume up a
little bit I got you I got you I got you
I got you man volume's all over the
place on today's stream but I got you I
turned it up a bit escape from dire strs
okay what is this looks kind of
familiar no
hope is this like one of those stream
games minutes until oygen not among us
but something else I think this is I
think this is something that already
exists
oh maybe not oh wait a minute is this
like the
999 oh
waa I know some people are probably
freaking out about this is stirring this
is a new game kame a special agent with
a sophisticated AI called IBA embeded
left ey your mission is to track down
Iris an internet Idol who so is this a
port or is is this a new game hello who
the heck are you we got some bunny girl
in here seashell bra all right character
designs are wild and out already but
okay dreams to rues De I forgot who in
my audience recommended to play the
first Ai and I just never had a chance
to play them in an explorable
environment everything you learn one
step closer to the truth yeah AI the
sunium files this is indeed a new game
rescue IR also that reminds me we're
totally going to see Professor Leon
today too from all right July 25th
nintend swi system July
25th unleash the supernatural
smt it's going to be like an old
[Music]
smt okay this is devil
Summoner is this a port of the 3DS one
a class they're kicking things off with
some Shockers returns with remastered HD
graphics and
gaml said in the capital city in the
years I don't even know which one this
one is Ryo koha makes his living as an
apprentice detective okay but
unbeknownst to others he also fights
alongside demons as a devil Summoner to
protect now again I heard of devil
Summoner investigate a Ser but I have
never played thisal cases looks kind of
interesting
obviously it's got the art style as well
I'm seeing some Japanese in my chat so
that means people are hype in Japan for
this thank you by the way Mohammad for
the mammoth boys membership now
appreciate
that allies who's this elephant dude
okay demons can also be useful outside
of battle got little Jack Frost powers
are helpful in finding Solutions during
investigations is that
Gumby shout out to Gumby R through a
series of strange incidents asse yeah
not at all what I was expecting today
Atlas really is killing itac that will
they said we got switch games on switch
games on switch games today remastered
The Mystery of the soulless Army
Launches on Nintendo switch June 19th
lot of these big Japanese RPGs in like
June as well
interesting consume Darkness
okay with your memories gone oh we saw
this game actually previously world yes
yes yes yes yes this was in I want to
say this was the game awards last year
or this was inal stranger more than it's
like the Metroid Vania type game we've
definitely seen this battle for survival
begins I got to be honest though I
completely forgot about this it's from
Bandai Puck guides you on your journey
you'll delve deeper into the expansive
World by examining your surroundings you
can face shift and combine with puck to
explore areas you look at that with
Pac-Man yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah this is
the dark Pac-Man game creatures
inhabiting this world will prove hostile
this makes sense to considering it was
developed by Band Amco can temporarily
fuse into the UN powerful attack oral
BOS
activate all right I mean it looks fun
and I like the giant Pac-Man in the
middle of it yes this was the secret
level game see I knew we saw this
somewhere
I had forgotten that it was the Pac-Man
game though to uncover Puck's true
goal music seems kind of cool too and I
like the art style experience a dark
Twist on the icon Pacman when Shadow
Labyrinth on nintend I'm surprised
they're not utilizing like the Pac-Man
name for this though is the only
thing begin shut up what they're putting
patapon on switches of patapon and
patapon 2 druming in what world are they
putting the PlayStation what band NCO
publishing
patapon to the pon Army for
example p p what in the
world and if you string together combos
with good I mean we had Horizon legoe
and get a big so I guess it would be
that big of a surprise that they're
putting another PlayStation franchise on
here but paton's like first party Sony
what build your Battalion is very
strange I mean this is obviously a
perfect fit for
switch but this is very very strange
whoever said they wanted a new Rhythm
Heaven in chat you kind of won a little
bit it's a little bit like with Rhythm
Heaven we got someone coming through
saying I always enjoy watching I'm not
good at English but I like watching your
reactions yo welcome welcome
welcome to the stream July 11 patapon
one and two dude it's crazy seeing Sony
interactive on the bottom bro P zepher
town a cozy Place nestled in a Windswept
Valley Zephyr town okay this is where
your new life
begins
okay oh New Harvest Moon story of
Seasons okay first cropping up on the
Nintendo DS system this immersive
farming and life Sim has no shortage of
activity to get up to okay so this isn't
new this is one of the old ones tend to
your farm while that sounds like my
buddy Brett for a second
animals is he in this game that'd be
cool then sell your produce and other
wees at I do love the little Harvest
Moon cows I
do as bizarre sales grow you'll help the
once famous Market regain its former
Splendor okay you can also get to know
the locals I'd like to spend more time
with you and
who is the best girl by the way in
Harvest Moon I like isn't it Karen is
Karen the bartender in Harvest Moon 64 I
like her also KY in chat is saying this
one is apparently good windy conditions
can make travel little par glider a
breeze dude if this was on DS I don't
remember this one at all and I love
Harvest
Moon The but to be fair I missed some of
like the middle story of Seasons games I
did friends in Mineral Town 64 the Game
Boy Color on system August 27th okay
interesting please look forward to the
latest entry in the story of Seasons
series
okay next please take a look at this
okay what is this we're 10 minutes
in Prime how did they not open with this
Prime 4 this is prime four this is for
sure Prime four this is prime four
what how did they not open the direct
with this like I understand opening with
Dragon Quest I guess for the Japanese
audience cuz that game is going to do
really well Metroid is obviously Niche
bro in the middle of the
direct look at the new design on the
visor too wait a minute wait a minute
wait a minute oh
man oh man people were saying no we're
not getting this it's going to be in
switch toos directos Vos okay hey show
me what you got finds a ver in Jungle
with a colossal tree at its Center oh
good good good it's looking good too
it's looking beautiful it's looking nice
in order to survive the game planet that
she was unexpectedly transported to okay
Samus must scan Stone figures and other
relics to carve a path forward I cannot
wait for this game my hype is
immeasurable I am there day one I am
streaming this you know this I love me a
good met game she's not looking great
yeah what what's up with the purple
visor creatures living in the are
waiting to strike okay weird designs
too
interesting I'm loving that they are
showing this though so many people again
said no I don't think we're going to get
this I think they're going to save it
for the switch two direct and I kept
saying I think they're going to show it
in this and then showcase it running in
4k on the switch 2 direct or something
ious and it looks good
though psychic ability psychic
ability psych type Samus Samus to
operate mechanisms what in the world and
open doors she's about to be broken in
the next Smash Brothers game they
alow control the trajectory of her
beings with the power of her mind you
could just go like this and then your
beams flying everywhere but why were
these Powers bestowed upon Sams why
what that's a good question and what
does cyu have to do with it cuz we saw
cyu
earlier
interesting psychic
samis dude it's looking good man I am
seriously so excited for that yeah
there's like tracing okay what force
Powers after being summoned to Vios what
in the world threads intertwining beyond
space and time I was going to say I
thought that was the boss from prime one
that comes out of the giant
plant
okay oh no uh see but they're not giving
a release date cuz they're like this
will give away switch to we're not
giving a release date coming 2025 okay
okay okay okay Chosen One chosen one
samis
dude got a black and red Su oh my
gosh oh dude look at the new
suit bro I'm there I'm there more
challes I'm there I'm there I'm there
I'm there I'm there I'm there it's
looking good Sam I think it was smart
they didn't give the release date though
they're like it's com in 2025 but you
know why we're holding off bro why did
they put it 10 minutes in like that to
stir up somech hav it sandwich between
Hobbit and Harvest Moon Once Upon like
what there was a drag coffee shop that
trans the world magical potion Cafe bro
what is this poista of the Disney
villain's Cafe craft concoctions for
Disney villains and what the heck get
outed his golf outfit ingi to bre theu
I'm afraid I've been thinking I want a
diet
latte including ursul what in the world
poor unfortunate matcha so sad so true
Creations the potions you make
DeVille DeVille if you get her order
wrong she will kill you I don't know I
could think of something it's early in
the morning it is what it is Disney
villain curse Cafe Shadow dropping you
know I'm there right now I'm downloading
that right after this show me Hans
summon a spell
binding why did they put Metroid where
they put Metroid I still think that's
like shocking that they put it where
they put it I want to ask my buddies at
Nintendo like why did you sandwich it
right there in the dire to the Wi Brook
all right during class use magic circles
to perform rituals fly on brooms okay
and learn Advanced there was another
game that took place in like a magic
Academy that I actually really enjoyed
that was pixel art that came out a
couple years ago that I never beat hangs
at their I did a stream for it too what
is I can fell I can fell I can felt was
like the humble game that came out two
years ago also you guys are saying
apparently this is the Sea of stars
developers Excuse Me original items that
kind of turns me off a little bit people
know this I was not a huge fan of sea of
stars I acknowledge that game is well
made but it just wasn't for me you know
what I mean explore this Whimsical World
on the road to graduation and Beyond got
a good cozy game in there for people are
you ready for a I kind of just want to
go back and rewatch Metroid
though that was crazy the black and red
psychers a new planet oh no it's not oh
chucklefish right there chucklefish
limited okay okay and it's online action
adventure and arcade games await okay
give me some arcade Classics on a
Fantastical mission to eliminate a
mysterious deity this looks beautiful
platforming explore an expansive
archipelago where nightmares and the
eternal life of Goldman this looks
beautiful you got the Resident Evil case
where you're doing some to find your own
path I love this wait a minute you
uncover the secrets the archipelago hold
this is looking really nice the eternal
life of Goldman Launches on Nintendo
beautiful art style even look at the
little handdrawn Fern Gully dude in the
background celebrate the 40th
anniversary of gradius colle of arcade F
some of from across the series that game
looked amazing finals include gradius
okay salamander this is cool we're
getting the gradius collection a lot of
these are on NSO believe right but some
of these are ones that were like Arcane
only I
believe cool Salander I know Shane
betous is going crazy for
this shout out to
Shane formerly of one up L the gradius
games Lov a good shoot them
up weird weird weird weird weird gradius
Origins Launches on the Nintendo switch
system August 7th preorders begin later
today that Oldman game looked fun though
the eternal
something
necer coresponding buttons Lane to fight
moners they're doing Cur of the necro
dancer Guitar
Hero I mean I love Cadence of Hyrule
Global that game was awesome I like to
see the developer doing something else
celc the Celeste oh that's going to get
some people happy P the
tower R of the necro dancer that's a
good collab that's a good collab
okay and this is a shadow
drop let's see what
tagi yo my buddy Keith is huge in a
tamagachi he's probably freaking out
right now over
this new tamagachi game is this going to
be like the old party games a brand new
entry in the tamag GOI connection series
why are they calling it tamag GOI I
thought it was tamagi
Galore design glasses at the eyewear
shop
okay polish pearly whites Solo or with a
friend at the den
oh you're good we got a teethbrush
simulator fantastic te have tea with
your tamagi wonderful stores need your
help okay make a manga panel over there
that's cute provide good customer
service to get high ratings and upgrade
each
shop I just want to see more of prime
four man go back to Prime more I'm dying
right now you can't show me a little bit
of that and not show me more this looks
cute though for tamagachi fans I'm sure
you guys are excited about this is sure
to be booming
you know what I need though instead of
tamagachi give me or tamagi give me
Tomodachi life that's what I want new
tomadachi life
please all right what do we got here
what's
this Pokemon news for
Za I said this might happen by my
prediction video I didn't actually think
it was possible wait wait wait wait wait
they're showing Jal wait a minute new
megas wait a minute wait a minute wait a
minute wait a minute wait a minute
Legend Za wait a in the Pokémon
series you'll begin your by choosing one
of three partn this is new footage as
well this isn't just the footage that
was reused from the Pokemon presents
there's new music in the Pokemon X and
Pokemon Y games okay we're getting the
map
lumos to make it easier for people PGA
okay a quaro Inc is carrying out getting
some story details about quard quaro too
we'll get a glimpse into the lives of
the Pokémon show me
Mega's
Malamar
okay it's a new wild area town are wild
zon this is new my eyes are peeled Focus
environment
Pokemon even within the city okay which
of these are going to get megas though
is my question we can catch Pokemon
here cuz we know Mega Evolution's coming
back and I feel like they they might be
hostile they're not going to necessarily
show off a new poemon do it direct
though but again this is new
footage wild flette spin great music
again some of them can even be found on
rooftops that's
cute no way are they going to give us
the exact release date for this though
during this direct no way
but when nights oh what moon transforms
p a wild Pokemon going crazy and
attacking invited to participate in
the Za Royale so that's what it was that
they were teasing at the end of the
Pokemon presents b z the Za
Royale okay o I love the music too if
you're spotted they'll challenge you to
battle strike first before being seen
interesting and there's different
ranks okay so you can sneak up on these
other tra and just shoot them in the
back that's crazy
they said everything all hell
breaks some Pokemon can power up show me
a new one show me a new one we got Mega
alaz am show me a new one show me a new
one you'll start at rank Z and work your
way up my heart's skipping a beat every
time they're showing
something trainers who reach the top are
said to have a wish granted
okay I'm honestly surprised we got
Pokemon in
this new Mega and night are two sides to
no no no they said that's enough they
said Pokemon can handle the Pokemon
reveals a flette that's awesome there
zygard of course I like that the first
time you saw the cell now we're seeing
the dog version next time we're going to
see him still no release just late
2025 okay in lumio city where the game
is set the AA transforms very
interesting the nighttime mechanic is
kind of cool though where you're
fighting them at night time in the wild
areas theout more that seems cool I was
hoping maybe we'd get a Mega or
something but it is what it is please
take a look at this we still got8
minutes in this direct though there's a
lot of stuff in this we already got oh
my God shut up ryen the game about to
see shut up oh my
God but what it my God littley games
they we're really getting Rhythm Heaven
bro you want to see I suppose oh now
here is my song press the button
for you yeah that's right I wish that I
was yours but I'm too shy I suppose I
suppose let's
go yo bro it's back it's back Shar pop
just donated 20 gift Subs during this
bro nixan came through with the hard
read before our oh my gosh
dude I can't believe we're get a rhythm
[Music]
happen I'm playing along let's go in
this game you might do almost anything
but you will need to do it in rym
BO oh man oh man oh
man I cannot believe we are getting a
new Rhythm Heaven
game there a draw
dropping
bro show me all the new
games dude oh this is kind of
cute I cannot believe
this Rhythm Heaven Groove there you go
sunu we're
here 2026 bro we're getting switch games
into next year Heaven Groove bro
2026 it includes lots of music produced
by renowned Japanese musician
that is wild what of that is truly truly
wild that they're waiting until
2026 but I guess they said look we don't
want this to get lost among the world of
switch to about the use of digital games
on your system okay please take a look
what is this what is this the use of
digital
games with game cards uhhuh you can put
a game featuring Mario in this Nintendo
switch system and a Legend of Zelda game
in this
don't give us bad Newser the games you
have on right after Rhythm Heaven don't
do that uhhuh we know this but what if
digital games could be as flexible and
convenient as game cards shut up well
here's what we came up with introducing
the virtual game
card in the future virtual game cards
can be used for digital
games what
when purchasing the digital version of a
game it will be loaded onto your system
as a virtual game card allowing you to
play that title so then you could play
now even your digital games will be
lined up as virtual gam dedicated
management screen my whole physical
collection can be virtual now you can
load and eject your virtual gam and
manage which games you can play on your
[Music]
system bro oh
bro they must be doing this because
there's probably going to be a switch to
variant that's like that doesn't have a
game card in it and you what in the
world internet connections only required
when loading or ejecting system bro and
whenever you want bro just as if you had
inserted a physical game
card the way I'm going to be installing
all of my physical games in my switch
which games you play on up to two
systems this is actually great local
communication with your second system is
required but only the first
time this is
crazy you can lend them to family
members oh it's over nintend account
family group members so anyone who's in
my family group can play any of my games
that are physical games
digitally choose the title you're
lending this is
wild they did say though there was going
to be AIG switch online update I've been
saying there was going to be something
related to that this is clearly it wow
you can only lend one game at a time to
a particular person that makes sense but
that's crazy I could like lend Pikmin
for to one of my members of my audience
tun to another whoever's in my family
group bro making digital games even
easier
to game
card so you can lend your digital games
to people game card feature let you swap
games between Nintendo switch that is so
interesting as well as to Nintendo
switch 2
systems ah this feat planed to be added
via a system update in late April as
well as T switch two system there it is
so it is a future prooof thing crazy so
yeah your digital library you could
share with other people ARG we're
getting our we're getting our
real wait a minute
okay oh this was like the Rick and Morty
game wasn't
it bro the digital game card like
sharing thing is actually really really
cool that also means they've got a big
game at the end if they saved Rhythm
Heaven for the middle the the pasting of
this one it wasn't bad but it was kind
of all over the place cuz I'm like you
sandwich Metroid 10 minutes in then do
Rhythm Heaven then do the announcement
of these digital digital card games and
then you've got a big thing to close out
and I guess you open with Dragon Quest
that is a big deal too and they had
Pokemon in this as
well I I want to go back and watch that
digital thing again just so I fully
understand it after the direct is
over but it does seem at first I thought
when I saw the cartridges I was thinking
it's your physical Library turning
digital but it's not it is your digital
library history once more wait what so
this isn't wait what wh what what what
what is happening an HD remaster of saga
Frontier 2 is venturing on to Nintendo
switch okay meet gusta the Royal air and
will this is going to make a lot of
people very happy having Saga Frontier
remastered leges will interwine across
Generations the digital card game
Library thing is seriously cool so I
could basically if I'm like playing a
game and I've got that game on my system
and I'm like hey mom cuz she's in my
family group I want you to try stard
Valley you could just share stard Valley
the vibrant world of
sale this is a strange one man there's
really good announcements in here but
they're just like scattered in weird
ways I can't believe we're getting a new
Rhythm Heaven game allies that really
blows my
mind also you guys I said uh said the
stream is buffering a little bit hold on
I got you I got you I got you power I'll
turn things off really quick hold on
hold on there might be things running in
the background I should calm things down
a little bit I think we're back we're
back we're back we're back we're back
okay frer 2
remastered Nintendo switch later today
okay Monumental Adventures await okay
what is this everyone saying YouTube
please stop lagging I don't know why
it's lagging I'm so sorry everybody hold
on I'm going to pop this out through ISC
I'm just going to do this I'm going to
close this out there go maybe that'll
help maybe that'll help Illusions to
discover I do not why it's know why it's
lagging right now this looks cool I'm
super sorry about that everybody Valley
the silent I do not know why it's
lagging it should be
while don't do this story direct bro
don't do this in the morning please
Journey a so long as they don't song or
something while it's lagging then I'm
fine motherhood as she and her child all
right we should be all right we should
be all right geometry let me I'll I'll
turn this down no I'm not going to turn
it down to 720 I'm keeping at 1080 I'm
just recording it's better for now good
good good good good I just I turned off
the background Monument Valley that's
all you guys missed we're good we're
back we're chilling refresh we're better
we're good later
shop and help new on her journey to
restore the world's light in Monument
Valley 3 setting sail on Nintendo switch
this summer dude patapon was also crazy
that they have a Sony game in here this
going to be Hot Shots
Golf I'm somewhat kidding but I think
this no way shut
up what is happening new entry in the
everybody's golf the new entry Nintendo
[Music]
switch Sony said bro we see that switch
money we want that switch money they're
throwing Hot Shots and patapon on
here perform back
spins spins when I tell you this is
absurd to see in a Nintendo Direct I was
already wilding out when I saw Xbox
stuff in Nintendo Direct now we're
seeing PlayStation stuff
in wack your shots can get pulled into
holes or obstacles might fall it's golf
that's not quite par for the
course up to four golfers can hit the
Fairway together locally or in online
play patapon and Hot Shots on a Nintendo
system and get ready to tea off this
really means anything up for grab at
this point also yeah all the Sony stuff
is it says developed by Band
okay dude what we're already past the 30
minute Mark they're still flying with
stuff greatest super what is
happening they said 30 minutes it's 32
minutes we're getting more what is
this got an arcade beat him up with the
Marvel characters this seems
cool they're obviously not ending with
this Nova they got Nova in
here possib never thought we'd seen Nova
as a playable character on one of these
that's kind
[Music]
bro this is such a bizarre direct with
what they're announcing and how they're
announcing
iters can assemble it's not bad I mean
there's good there's good stuff in here
but the way it's sandwiched is just
strange tasm okay univ begins when I
guess they did say approximately 30
minutes they didn't say 30 minutes
exactly and we're getting
more that was Marvel Cosmic Invasion
uhuh where you'll battle as a different
superheroes next is our last game
announcement please take a look how are
you taing Rhythm Heaven Pokemon in
Metroid
though animal crossing wait
what oh my God tomadachi life shut up
shut up shut up shut up shut up shut
up there's no way they ended with Tomi
life
[Music]
what there is simply no way they said
it's the end of the switch one Arrow
we're going to get your hopes and dreams
we're going to make them come true
Rhythm Heaven and Tom bro bro the dream
tomachi life living the
dream and it's
2026 what in the world they've really
got switch games leading into next year
and these are games obviously you're
going to be able to play on your switch
too did you want to talk yes I want to
talk right
now I can't believe they're bringing
this back only a
dream this is ridiculous even he wasi
was smiling too oh man first newentry in
the series in over 10 years this is
crazy in the trailer we saw me
characters I thought that was Animal
Crossing for a second I thought maybe
it's a top down City Builder my brain
didn't even think it could go to
tomadachi
life wow wow wow wow wow wow wow new
Tomodachi life and it's next year and
it's on switch one thank you for
watching today's in the
world our final announcement is
something a little different that's not
a game what what here's Mr mamoto to
introduce it oh Mario movie bro what is
happening thank you for watching they
did a fake out bro this is Mario movie
or or epic Universe maybe nend direct
has delivered Nintendo news directly
directly to you this is Mario movie bro
bro and now these presentations have
grown into an event they are an event
people watch we can't wait toi life in
Rhythm Heaven bro and Metroid and
Pokemon this was a good direct we'll
continue to broadcast Nintendo Direct
presentations we also launching a new
channel based on the concept of
delivering information to you directly
what is this what is this this is a
smart device app called Nintendo
today which functions like a daily
calendar it's going to have upcoming
game releases and stuff on it we will
also be delivering all sorts of pman for
coms yo we have a [ __ ] read through of
Pikmin coming up Pascal's PE of wisdom
nintend April 2nd
uh-huh news about Nintendo switch 2 will
be delivered to you daily and directly
through the Nintendo Today app as well
but they're still doing directs which is
fine that's good Nintendo today will be
available to download on Smart devices
after today's Nintendo Direct
interesting anyone with a Nintendo
account can use the app so please try it
out this this is like the game sharing
thing it's just throwing me off all I
have to share I hope you enjoy using
Nintendo today I'll I'll be checking
every day that's content right there
what's going on in Nintendo today with
Rogers base that's all for today's
videos videos and videos that's plenty
bro thank you for watching what in the
world wow so okay no silk song All right
we did not get silk song The copium
continues maybe they're saving that
switch to or something maybe there's no
silk song but the fact that there is a
new tomadachi life and a new Rhythm
Heaven in development two games trapped
from that DS 3DS era that we never saw
new ones up that I honestly never
thought we were going to get new ones of
whoever just donated thank you very much
my man drive ice throwing a $100 saying
what a direct excited by the future keep
on keeping on Roger yo Drive ice coming
through right at the ending not I
greatly appreciate that bro Tomodachi
life I I have to go back and look at
some of this again also the Sony stuff
the fact that Sony games I feel like
that's kind of the thing that people
were talking about where they were like
third party games are going to get the
conversation going on social media the
fact that patapon and Hot Shots are
being brought to switch
by Bandai Namco despite being developed
by Sony means like I said whatever Sony
wants to do now they could just go
through Bandai and be like we want to
put Horizon on switch 2 we want to put
God of War on switch 2 they could do it
bro that's ridiculous I'm also shocked
that we got anything Za in this at all
the fact that we got all that stuff with
Za with like the nighttime stuff dude
Metroid Prime even Metroid Prime having
like the psychic abilities for samis
ridiculous ridiculous it looks really
good still didn't give a release date
obviously the reason for that is because
they're saving that I think that's going
to show up in the switch two direct
honestly shocked that we did not see
whatever the play test thing was maybe
the play test thing was for in the
background however this like digital
game card sharing thing works I'm just
like this just very very weird and
surprising announcement to this one this
game also looked beautiful whatever this
was this handdrawn Oldman game looked
great they had tamagachi yeah we had
Pokemon Legend Za news I cannot believe
Rhythm Heaven Rhythm Heaven actually
getting a new game in 2026 is absurd I
ne oxan that was like a crazy read I one
of my moderators said that earlier in
the Stream I cannot believe you nailed
it I really did not think we were going
to get that but again Rhythm Heaven and
tomadachi life this late into the
switch's life cycle makes sense those
are Niche franchises Tomodachi life I
actually think has the opportunity to
expand out to be like a really really
really successful franchise obviously it
was successful on the DS people loved
that game people have been hankering for
new tomadachi life I think it makes
sense to not save it for switch 2
obviously there's a massive install base
for switch one lots of people are going
to want to play that game lots of people
have been waiting for that game that is
like the perfect cozy game again
2026 is when that's coming out like hi y
I can't believe I'm looking at this and
this is actually real it's just insane
the other thing that I think kind of
blows my mind because they said
specifically when this direct started
and when they announced this that this
was going to be focused on 2025 games
and yet two of the really big
announcements Rhythm Heaven and
tomadachi life are both games that are
coming out in 2026 and 2025 when you
think about it for switch one is still
stacked with Metroid Prime 4 and with
Pokemon we're we're like we're in
unprecedented times right now with the
switch obviously the switch is hugely
successful obviously they want to break
that PS2 sales record obviously they're
going to keep selling these obviously
they're going to do some type of Pokemon
bundle for the holiday season but Rhythm
Heaven man I just I love that because
again those games Rhythm Heaven and
tomadachi life are not games that are
going to make your system chug right
like they're fun little games with cute
art styles that aren't necessarily
technical show pieces of course you put
them on switch one because then everyone
who has a switch 2 can play them too and
then that digital game card sharing
thing where they were like all of your
digital games if you have someone in
your family Library you can share the
game
with people in your family group and
each person could have one game at a
time that's that's going to be kind of
cool that is a good value ad to the
Nintendo switch online and then now
you've got this like Nintendo Today app
they really said we are doing fake out
after fake out they put the sizzle reel
Midway through this one then they went
into Saga Frontier then they went into
tomadachi life and then they're like by
the way here's a new phone app Nintendo
today very strange the only few things
that are missing that felt like almost
locks to me no Delta run in this kind of
interesting I feel like I was definitely
expecting Delta run after everything
that happened yesterday I thought Delta
run for sure no um no silk song which we
brought up earlier no Professor Leighton
didn't get Professor Leighton in this at
all which was also a little bit of a
shock I didn't bring it up in any of my
prediction videos but I definitely
thought we were going to see something
Laten no man no I feel like it kind of
makes sense because a lot of the level
five games have been getting delayed so
like inuma 11 was getting delayed and
stuff too but yeah no Planet roboot no
wind waker HD no Twilight Princess it's
just it's odd this had way more new
games in it than I was expecting I
really thought this was going to be Port
Central Metroid and then like a big
third party I I was not expecting
tomadachi life or Rhythm Heaven what a
great way to end the switch ones life
cycle man no Fire Emblem but again
that's to be expected I feel like
they're probably making a new one for
switch 2 at this point that's not a
that's not a huge shock to me the no
Zelda ports thing is also interesting
but again maybe they're saving that for
switch 2 I'm not really sure either way
this yeah there was a new um aium files
game there was a lot of like very Niche
cool stuff in this devil Survivor showed
up as
well man oh man oh man well that is
going to wrap it up for the final direct
of the switch one era the next time you
see me live with a Nintendo Direct
reaction will be on April 2nd 6 days
from today I'm going to be going live
starting at midnight all the way through
until the direct that starts at 6:00
a.m. Pacific time then we're going to be
doing Japan time afterwards I'm going to
be doing all my reactions I got to
upload my tomadachi life and my rhythm
have a reaction I was blown away by that
I got to cut out that Metroid Prime
portion this was fantastic thank you
once again everybody for joining me this
early in the morning to react to this
direct sorry about the lag Midway
through during that weird um the third
party section sorry about that but
thankfully everything got resolved by
the big announcements this is really
really awesome great way to start my
morning thank you all once again for
joining me and I will see you all in six
days and we still got content coming I
got a virtual boy video coming up I got
the new one piece chapter coming up we
got the switch two direct coming up lots
of good stuff so like comment subscribe
and until next time I'll talk to you
guys later knock have a wonderful