Hey everybody and happy uh Wednesday
morning. Sorry Brad, I know this is uh
about 6 am for you. Alex, this is also
how I say relative to your normal time.
Probably 6 a.m. for you. So me screaming
about the switch too. Also, Alex, thank
you for joining us on your on your day
off, a week off. Thank you for joining
us at 6 a.m. I'm going to send a blue
sky because that's how out of it I am
right now. I forgot to do that. Let me
go do that right now. Send it out. I
might I might I might turn my key light
down a little bit if that's all right.
Go ahead. If everybody can hear and see
us, we're going to get started in just a
sec. Uh well, when Nintendo gets
started. Um let's see. Are they
streaming yet on You said they're
streaming on Twitch. Let me refresh the
page here. Oh boy. Other direction. Oh
boy. Hang on. Okay. I think I can That's
That's a little dark, but they're live.
No music yet on the Twitch. Can I get
there? Probably not. Yeah, I'm not see
I'm not hearing anything. Um, let's take
a look. Let's make sure we got the the
business all set up here. We are we're
always fighting the battle between I
feel like the Twitch low latency and the
YouTube high quality. So, yeah, we'll
see. Um, we'll see how things go. Is
this not the eternal split between
consoles these days, though? Maybe it
won't be with the Nintendo Switch, too.
Maybe it won't. Maybe maybe we will have
both uh high fidelity and low latency. I
am always reminded of look. Switch to
speculation. Do we get Here we go.
Ready? We get a price, we get a dates,
we get um we get those two things. I'd
say for sure this is this is me
speculating here. Um I say we get a
Mario game, new Mario game. Not maybe at
launch, but we see we see footage. Um I
think within within launch year. I think
I think if they're going to ship one
this year, they probably say something
about it today. Um I say let's see how
much time do we got here before should I
switch
back. Okay. Just gota gota let I came.
You came branded. So did I prepared
today.
Uh great.
Um I say we if if they have an upgrade
path for uh games that's not free from
Switch one to Switch two and like
slightly better versions. If it's not
free I say we do not get a price. They
say details coming soon or uh stay tuned
for more details on that. If it's free,
they will definitely say it. Uh yeah, I
got to turn off I gota turn off the
heat. Uh I will also say Vinnie, just
for your sake of your predictions, I'm
going to bet against all of them just so
that uh chance of beating you. There you
go. Make it interesting. Yeah, that's
the only reason because I honestly
You're right. They're going to show all
that stuff. It's just that I I have to
someone has to be against you. No price,
no date. All right, we are like a minute
away here. So, no uh no price, no date,
no games. So, we should be kicking off.
Just me and Moto giving you the middle
finger for an hour. Still no audio,
which SC I always hate. Scares me. Yep.
Yep. Nintendo likes to do it do it live.
Oh my god. It's just bouncing back and
forth between YouTube and uh Twitch
here. Who will go first? Who will be the
first to reveal the Nintendo Switch 2?
Come on. Play. Hit play on your video or
don't
get Doug Bowser in there. Kick some [ __ ]
over. Oh, there we go. The final
countdown. Okay. Well, we're going to
start then on
the the Twitch. Let's refresh the
YouTube. No. Okay. Yeah, I think that
runs in the background. Twitch is
usually higher quality, I think. You
think? Well, Twitch has Twitch is saying
1080p. YouTube is saying, "Wow, that's
that's a different delay." 4K. Um,
yeah, if you're watching on YouTube,
you're a sucker. But, uh, have that up a
minute. I know. I know. That's a that's
a significant uh change there. So, let's
start. 30 seconds.
It really
is. All right. Here we go. I need red.
Here we
go. Pretty red.
[Music]
Is this happening? What we the Mario
trailer?
I'm disassociating over here. That's
just a two next to the Switch logo. They
did it. The mad bastards did it. 17 plus
mature.
Finally, a console that can do shapes.
[Music]
It's a new Boom Blocks.
It's a new Nintendo. It's Tetris. It's a
new
It's a new Nintendo Direct logo.
The audio seem a little offers to me. I
can't until I see someone talk. I can't
really tell. Okay. They're starting with
the thing they have already revealed.
That's a good sign to me. Yeah. Let's
get this one out of the way.
[Music]
Let's go. All right. So, here's what I
need from
this. Other than just Mario Kart with
new courses and new characters, they
need to take all the courses from 8
Deluxe and shove them into this.
Okay, sure. Yeah, I can get behind that.
Even if they're not all there at launch,
they need to all be there eventually.
[Music]
I see the quality on their stream here.
Not as high as I would have liked. Yeah.
Yeah. It's a Nintendo game, man. How
high quality does it have to be? It's
kind of modern streaming, though. Yeah.
But kind of feel that way about
everything. That's true. That's true.
They should Twitch could have rolled out
that AV1 support for this stream, but
no.
Uh, this probably look I'm nothing
against Mario grinding is that wall and
wall driving motorcycle riding. These
are new things. Look, they've added
features.
I don't take this the wrong way. This
looks fine. This looks totally fine. I
don't like Mario Kart is not a good way
to showcase the power of your new system
to me cuz they all kind of look like
Mario Kart. Look, everyone wants to show
their driving game to show off their
high graphics. You know, this looks this
looks like Mario Kart to me, but it's
like you said, they're getting the thing
they already showed out of the way.
Yeah. Yeah, totally. Totally. Look how
round the wheels are now, though. They
finally
Yes. The grass. It's They finally
reached PS4 levels of roundness.
Hello everyone. I'm Koichi Kamoto.
And the triumvirate is here. Today's
Nintendo Direct. You're right. The lip
sync is off. Does seem off, right?
Nintendo Switch.
No, it's off because they're speaking
Japanese and then an English person is
talking over them. Oh. Oh, you're making
jokes hardware design. Um, I could turn
them on and see. Let's see. Could be
dicey. You just saw Mario Kart World
launching exclusively on Nintendo Switch
2. Are there no subtitles? What do you
think this might have done? I don't
know. Oh, yeah. Maybe not.
I mean, Nintendo and accessibility.
Yeah. Little dicey. can switch over 30
seconds behind if we want to go to the
uh committed system. Welcome to World
Open World Mario Kart.
I mean, that would be [ __ ] amazing if
they did that. But no,
it is world depending on the time of day
and weather conditions. The atmosphere
will change.
They literally made an open world
driving area for you to go around in.
Wait, like really?
Wait, did they make Burnout Paradise but
for Mario Kart? Dude, that would be the
racetrack and drive virtually. There's
nothing you can say about a Mario Kart
that would get me more excited about it
because if that's what you did, that's
pretty good in a bid for first place.
But don't sleep at the wheel. You'll
also drive to the next course as part of
the competition. Okay, this is actually
kind of crazy.
race the most in series history. The
competition is gearing up.
Was it like was it 16 or was it 12 on
the last system? I don't remember. Race
non-stop one of the world. Okay. This is
crazy actually.
They actually did something with this.
Yeah. So, it's like a circuit like
you're just going along the way. Yeah.
Like an endless mode almost.
Like all the courses are connected to
each other physically.
That'll be a little tougher to get the
old courses in, but I'm sure they'll
find a way. Finish line.
[Music]
You can also freely drive around this
vast world in
That's pretty cool. Okay, if you put a
road, if you put a camera in the Switch,
too, and I can see people's faces when I
wipe them out. Drive wherever you're
This is the perfect Mario Kart.
You can also go for scenic drive. This
is crazy.
And at different locations. [ __ ]
yes. The girlies are going out and
taking Mario Kart selfies. [ __ ] yes.
A brand new race across the entire world
starts here. Damn. Wild Mario. Okay,
that's pretty cool. That's cool. That's
cool. Launch. They found a novel
inspiration for this. They have
announced a launch game. Here we go. A
launch game in an upcoming Mario. Okay.
A whole ass direct about it. Be on the
lookout for more. We probably won't be
talking over that, but I will be
watching not
live, not at 9:00 a.m. World launches on
the same day as Nintendo Switch 2,
which is more details in the future. So,
we hope you're looking forward to it.
Are they not going to announce a
release? No, they'll announce a release.
They'll do it at the end. Next, we'd
like to introduce some of the new
features of Nintendo Switch. That's the
very end. C button. These are the
Joy-Con 2 controllers for Switch 2.
And on the right Joycon 2, we've
Let's take a look at some new
experiences it offers. We've heard
you. What does it do? What does it do?
Uh-huh. That's me. That's it. You summed
up my life. All you guys. Mhm.
Woo. This is I'm having fun, right? So
quick.
Oh no.
I'm tiny now. Wait. No. No. No. No. No.
No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Nyx,
I'm coming for you. Okay. The audio sync
is definitely off.
Seems it right. Introducing game chat. A
new feature for Nintendo Switch 2. Hey,
what's up? They did it. They invented
chat. Hello. Hi. Missed you. With this
feature, you'll be able to I mean, they
just reinvented Twitter. I don't know if
you saw. So, a game. Should we follow
you? Yeah.
Okay.
They straight up just put out like a
Twitter style Nintendo app. You have not
seen it. Is recognized by a microphone.
It's the Jeremy Rener app all over
again. But you're still behind me,
right? All right, let's keep going. Go
get it. Is the YouTube one off sync
wise, too? I don't know.
It'll be It'll be behind.
I might be okay with that if it's not.
Your voice will still come through
clearly, letting you chat with ease. I
need the sounds to come out of the
person's mouth correctly. Let's check.
We're going to switch over. I just need
a good point to switch over. Use this
feature in handheld mode, too, letting
you chat with friends and family.
If you open the chat menu, turn this
voice chat. Ready? I'm switching over to
YouTube. There we go. There we go. You
can also share your game screen. Did you
see that? And you can use this feature
in handheld mode, too, letting you
easily chat with friends and family.
Look at that quality. If you open the
menu and turn on game sharing on
YouTube. Yeah. Yeah. All right. That was
much nicer cuz they're streaming 4K
there. Just like go on top of that
dinosaur. Really? They can do that. They
can do it. You guys, I just did it. I
want to do it, too. No, their audio sync
is off everywhere. Great. Fantastic. Is
that just a Nintendo problem? I think it
might just be a Nintendo problem. Is
that Is that what Chad is saying?
[Applause]
Okay. Okay. Oh, that was a choice. You
can chat to your heart's content, even
while playing different games. Yeah, I
know that one. It's so hard, right? It's
tough. Oh, wow. I'm like in the sky. Oh,
weird. I fell. I'm falling. I'm falling.
I'm falling. Oh, yeah. We got it. We're
safe. We're safe. Kirby, look. You're
the star. That's
so cute. Stop talking to Kirby. You can
adjust the size of your screen,
guys. Anyway, I'm fine with sticking
with this this stream cuz it does look
considerably better. It does look nicer.
Or expand another Friends game screen. I
can handle being a few seconds behind.
Oh, no. Why would you want to watch
anything?
You're almost there. It's just like the
wall. Like if it's past the wall. Look,
it's in going in upwards of 10 frames a
second. No. Okay. So, everyone can watch
them play. Oh, I think I I think I know
where you are. I think I know where you
are. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Okay, I
think we have those like really low
frame rate streams at the bottom are
like a real choice, you know, like
[Music]
Oh, yo, that's sick. I like your pose on
the right. Joycon 2. These young 20somes
do not give a [ __ ] about frame rate,
dude. No. Button, you can pull up a chat
menu.
Oh, dang. I mean, it is effectively
sending you like three to four live
feeds of other people's games all at
once. So, I kind of understand there
being some limitation to that. Hey,
imagine having to do that. I know. I'm
just saying USB mix for that. Okay.
Made a camera. Hey. Oh my gosh. Nintendo
Switch 2 vision.
Did they not see what happened when
[ __ ] Uno did this?
We are forever in the friends code land.
There's no way ever opens up friends
again. High quality background removal.
Do you have any idea how many dicks are
going to be shared over the [ __ ]
Switch 2 interface?
I can I I like kind of can't even
imagine the guard rails they were going
to have in place for this. Like even
fingerprints show up at your house, man.
Yeah, it might it might be friends list
only, I would guess.
Yeah, naked friends list. I mean, this
will be under the parental features, I
assume, too. Like no camera.
Also, I assume it does not come with the
camera.
Let's just assume that's an add-on.
You're paying a minimum of $179 for that
thing. Is this this isn't like just a
bunch of Switch One games they're
showing, right? I think so. And and
obviously like classic games competition
or hold a sports competition between
families,
retro game competitions that'll never
play any people are so happy. They're
pretty for game chat.
What did you think? In developing Game
Chat, our goal is to enjoy playing
online with
other including family and friends.
Almost as if you're all playing together
in the same place.
Almost.
The camera you saw in the trailer is the
Nintendo Switch. This does feel like the
feature that could end up being the
thing no one uses the same day as Switch
2 or the thing everyone uses. I don't
know. A Nintendo Switch online
membership will be required to use Game
Chat. Oh, okay. Since we'd like as many
people as possible to experience Game
Chat, it will be available without a
membership for a limited time. We hope
you'll try it out. Get a little taste.
We just have to buy the camera. So, you
buy the
cameraal controls app and different
settings can be adjusted. For example,
whether parental permission is always
required when a child wants to use game.
Do not chat with that Goomba.
Goomba wants your credit card. Introduce
another new experience you can share
with family and friends.
[Music]
Experience sharing experiences with
family and friends. One game, you can
pass a Joy-Con controller to a friend
and play together. But on Nintendo
Switch 2, you can play together locally
on multiple systems using just one game.
Oh, with game share. That's cool. That's
nice. That's very multiple screens.
That's extremely cool. One person owns a
compatible game. Wait sharely share
compatible games with others who also
have Nintendo Switch too. They know what
they're doing. Switch system. You can
share a game with up systems at a time.
Extremely cool that it shares two old
switches. Also supports online play with
other Switch 2 systems and you can use
it with friends via game. All right, now
bring back Street.
Game share can only be used with
compatible games. This feature is
planned for several titles starting with
a free update for Club. slightly less
cool, but you
know, game share support is also planned
for select games exclusive to Nintendo
Switch 2, so we hope you'll look forward
to it. I would hope so. Up next,
we'd like to show you the Nintendo
Switch 2 system itself.
Yeah, guess.
So, Sync Sync is not us. Sync seems to
be off for other people watching
directly. saying the UK stream seems all
right, but I don't know why it would be
different. Here's how that compares to
Nintendo Switch. The system's thickness
remains the same. Thick.
With approximately double the pixels
compared to you can enjoy games in
greater detail on the 1080p screen.
Yeah,
that Mario is garbage.
Wa to 120 frames per second allowing for
smoother games though. Yeah. How many
games are going to support that? That's
[ __ ] rad cuz that enables 40 Hz mode
on the handheld which the LCD screen is
more vivid rules. That's great. Supports
HDR. It's extremely great. Providing
more contrast between light and dark
areas. All right.
On on the handheld, right? They're
saying HDR on the handheld. I think this
is all handheld so far, right? Wow.
Okay. This is magnetically. This is
considerable. Strong magnets keep the
controllers chat. No, it is definitely
not OLED or at least the rumors have
said for ages it would not be OLED at
launch. On the back, they got to sell
you a switch to OLED in 2 years.
The SL and SR buttons are bigger for
greater comfort and control when playing
with a Joy-Con 2 held horizontally. Wow,
you get a whole three extra centimeters,
Vinnie. Finally,
the left and right sticks are now
larger.
[Music]
Each Joy Con 2 controller can be used as
a mouse to play with compatible games.
Both the left and right Joy support
mouse control. Is it though? I mean, I
think it's cool. Adjusting the audio
balance between the ranges. Sounds from
the built-in speakers are clearer and
more natural. Wow. It's just like a Mark
Cerny presentation. Right. Right. Scan
my ear.
It has a built-in microphone so you can
voice chat with friends anytime via game
chat. It also uses your Switch knows
when you're cussing to filter sounds so
your voice will come through clearly.
Also, the idea of having two mice at the
same time is like weirdly decad more
immersive dimensional sound as if it
were coming from all around you. This is
a Mark Cernney presentation. Are those
controllers hall effect or what? Are we
getting rid of the drift?
No. No.
There will be something that is just
weird and [ __ ] up about this system.
Whether it's Joy-Con drift or something
like it sturdy stand. You can move it
freely like this. Oh [ __ ] All right.
Okay. Wow. Wait, are they finally they
say what they both do? Found on the
bottom of the system. There's one on top
as well.
And what's it for? the camera, the
forbidden portrait for connecting a USBC
camera
or tabletop mode. There you go. Okay.
Okay. Good. Excellent. Like that is
legitimately a problem with the Switch
One. Nintendo Switch 2 comes with 256 GB
of internal storage.
All right. It's like average for storing
your games. I mean, the games probably
won't be that big. I mean, it'll have
expansion, too. I mean, third party
games will be
actually I want to know how you expand
the storage
to connect to your TV. Still micro SD,
right? 4K resolution. I don't think so.
Too slow. Really? HDR is also supporting
TV mode. What? Fixed for 60 frames per
second at 4K. That's
I mean best considering we didn't even
think this thing would do 120 frames. It
keeps your system cool. This helps keep
performance stable. All right. Wait, so
when it's docked, it's got an extra cool
uh fan in the dock. That's kind of cool.
Seems like it
on Nintendo Switch 2 fan dock. You can
play Nintendo Switch 2 games, as well as
compatible Nintendo Switch games,
physical and digital games are
supported. I can't wait to find out
which games aren't supported. Oh, they
didn't talk about storage expansion.
[Music]
As you just saw, Nintendo Switch 2 isn't
simply an improved Nintendo
Switch. We redesigned the system from
the ground up and packed in lots of new
gameplay features. See, it's nothing
like that Wii U situation. We're
definitely not doing that again. Switch
to hardware. We're currently developing
this game.
Mr.
My current location is actually inside
the game itself. Why are you doing this
camera angle? Oh my god. I'm wearing the
[ __ ] welcome tour. Exclusive [ __ ]
heads big.
This is our game. Is this our Astro
playroom? Yeah, your buildin. Okay,
everyone, join me inside the game.
There are a lot of question mark icons
here. Let's examine them.
This sign reads, "Where are the
magnets?" Oh, man. The Joy-Con 2
controllers attached to the system. I
wanted a new Mario. Look, there's still
time. All right.
I mean, I'm sure this is free and
included. If it's not, that would be
real Nintendo.
Yes, LNSR buttons are made of steel. A
magnetic circuit is formed between them,
so they won't easily detach.
Hey, is this a game? Signs like these,
you can discover all sorts of secrets
about Nintendo Switch 2. Another
example, the Joy-Con 2 controllers have
mouse controls. And when combined with
the gyroscopes, you can even do
something like
this. You can adjust the position. I
don't know why you'd want to, but here
you go. You could do it. You can do lots
of things like play [ __ ] putt putt. I
don't know, dude. I would play some
mouse putts. just I okay look I play
even as you're playing mini
games I I don't have like a surface
range from the unique features of the
system to tiny details you won't notice
until they're pointed out there are
plenty uh
Nintendo Switch 2 welcome tour will
launch as a somebody say there are
plenty is that what that was wait this
is paid this is paid on now that's for
that's [ __ ] insane Nintendo Switch.
Oh, well, it's cuz they don't want you
actually learning the Switch secrets.
Nintendo Switch titles.
The same shape as Nintendo Switch game
cards. It's now red and it has much
faster data reading speeds.
Also, it'll actually kill you if you try
to lick it.
Switch 2 will only work with micro SD
Express cards.
They're a different type of SD card and
will make highspeed data transfers
possible.
I don't know much about the standard,
but they're much faster. Please note
that regular micro SD cards used for
Nintendo Switch will not be compatible.
Throw that [ __ ] away. Additionally, to
transfer data from Switch to Switch 2,
you can log into your Nintendo account
to use the system transfer feature. With
this feature, you can transfer save
data, digital games, and more.
We're also releasing a new pro
controller. It has a C button which
launches game chat and on the back there
are new fixing the D-pad buttons which
you can use to existing button controls.
In addition, audio jack has been added.
All right, good. We've introduced a few
new features and after today's
presentation, all my Switch Pro
controllers are still holding up so
we'll go live. There will also be an ask
the developer article on the website
where the three of us will talk about
the development of Switch. We hope
you'll It was rumored or confirmed this
is an hour long. Is that just rumored?
The Nintendo Switch 2 launch day.
Nintendo Switch. The Nintendo Switch 2
launches on June.
We're very much looking you all get to
experience it. Just a bit longer.
That's Wow. That's very soon. Now, it's
very soon. Broadly speaking,
on Nintendo Switch 2, you can play three
types of
games. The first type is Nintendo Switch
2 games. Mario Kart, game types, other
Mario Kartage of the performance and
features of Switch
2. the second type and whatever
Ubisoft's putting out games that were
released on Nintendo Switch. Yep. Mode
type two. Nintendo Switch. Ah, here we
go. Are the third type. Ah, great.
Some games that were released on
upgraded versions that offer things like
improved visuals, unique ways to play on
Switch, and
more. Now, I'd like to show you the
Nintendo Switch 2 edition of Super Mario
Party Jamberee.
Please. Would you? That's the one.
That's the one we would like to do. This
is the most not.
Nope. This is the most WISP paw version
of Here's how the upgrades work on
Nintendo. You wanted upgrades. Here you
go. Did Dan Riker design this console?
And adds new features, including
this is a $70 game. It was going so
well. Okay. Adding mouse controls to to
That's cool. More expressive rumble.
Yeah, that's and gameplay that uses a
camera.
All of which I want my rumble to express
who I am. Okay, this is
just updated
modes. First up is Mario Party mode.
With a single camera, up to four players
can join the festivities. I'll give them
credit. It's not just better graphics.
They're actually doing stuff.
This is definitely a $70 game, right?
and emotions at the same time or Yeah,
that's a good question. Is this just a
games now? Is this just a
I I did they say the word upgrade?
Bowser. They just said switch to
addition uh enhanced edition. Yeah,
addition. Yeah, they haven't yet. If
this is I would hope you could pay to
upgrade to this and not have to buy a
whole new game.
Guide an RC car with your voice.
Go and compete in other mini games using
full body movement and sound. Finally,
take a ride. I bet all this will work
really well. Carnival coaster with the
safety bar lowered. All the cutting out
of the single camera step.
Use mouse controls to shoot down enemies
while you feel the bumps. We've come so
far just to get to Legends of the Hidden
Temple in Nick Arcade.
When you enter a pipe, a miniame will
begin.
There's a bouldering game where two
players each control an arm and one
where you shake a can of spray paint and
quickly tag objects. There's like a lot
of new content in this. Enjoy the thrill
of this intuitive mini games. How
quickly can you reach mouse shooting
gallery from mini games that use a
camera, the built-in
microphone, mouse controls, and rumble.
The biggest party yet is getting even
bigger. Super Mario Party Jamberee
Nintendo Switch 2 Edition plus Jamberee
TV launches on Nintendo Switch 2 July
24th.
Okay. Nintendo Switch
2 Super Mario Party Jamas upgrade pack.
Nintendo Switch 2 Edition plus Jamberee
TV by purchasing an upgrade pack.
I got to say that's a real mouthful.
Please look forward to the new Mario
Party experience where you can see each
other's reactions while $40 upgrade.
Let's get some more Nintendo Switch 2
edition games.
Yes. Okay. Okay. All right. Good. Good.
Yes. Right. Nintendo Switch of The
Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild and
The Legend of Zelda: Tears of the
Kingdom, feature enhanced resolution,
and frame rates
and also support HDR, which makes the
image more vibrant. So, that's pretty
cool. So, you can play higher definition
graphics. There are ways to do this.
Nah, this is this is what this needs on
that handheld with HDR 1080p though, 60
frames.
That's that's pretty good. Yeah, agreed.
This new feature can be accessed via the
Nintendo Switch app on smart devices.
Will rename specific service that's
exclusive to the Switch 2 editions of
these titles.
For example, it can help guide you to
various locations like shrines and Corox
you haven't found yet. Guidance
activated. They've reinvented smart
glass. I was just going to say we're
we're we're like two 20 years late on
second screen. Like this is like a
decade late on Yes. on whipping your
phone out to do a thing
using of all the things that Nintendo
could be a decade late on and maybe
actually capture a little of the current
zeitgeist. I feel like now is the time
for second screens. I mean, people are
doing this [ __ ] anyway, right?
Yeah, people have like five screens
going at once. Now, these tracker
adventures even more enjoyable
in Kirby and the Forgotten Land with
Bobby Fish. Smart glass was a good idea
that did not get the adoption Nintendo
Switch 2 edition along with improved
graphics and frame rates.
Wait, what did they say was exclusive?
This story takes place in the Forgotten
Land. I didn't I I just heard improved
graphics. Yeah, Kirby. Kirby is
exclusive to the Nintendo Switch. You
heard it here first. There's something
new in this. I didn't catch what it was.
Starcrossed World.
Yeah, I think Starcross World is the new
thing. Oh, okay. So, it's actual new
content. That's cool. Beyond will have
both a Nintendo Switch and a Nintendo
Switch 2 edition.
[Music]
Yeah. All right. Yep. Unintendo Switch 2
edition. Samus gets naked. You can
mouse.
Hell yeah.
The immersive world in 4K at 60 frames
per second. Wow. Or handheld 1080p. Oh
my god. Nintendo is doing performance
and quality modes. Choose from these two
modes. We have truly crossed the
Rubathon, my friends. On your preference
and play style.
All of this is great.
Pokemon Legends ZA, which is scheduled
to launch later this year, will not only
receive a Nintendo Switch version, but a
Nintendo Switch 2 edition as
well. By taking advantage of the power
of Switch 2, you can So, you think these
have upgrade paths? If they're these
seem like they don't have the updated
content, you know? Yeah, new games. I
wonder you might just have to buy them
outright or it's probably Switch Edition
games you just saw will be, you know,
that's and digital versions. There's a
few on there they could probably still
stand to do, but I wouldn't have minded
Mario Odyssey, but it's like what else
do you what are you really going to do
to that game at this point?
Okay, so these all get an upgrade pack,
but maybe the new ones, like you said,
don't Yeah, maybe they just
or it could be both. Introduce a brand
new game featuring Maybe it's just one
skew at that point. I don't know.
Please take a look.
Okay, it could be if you buy Metroid
Prime 4 at all, you just have both
versions.
No way. But
maybe DJ Hero.
Uh-huh. I just don't know if I could if
I could play like this.
[Music]
[Applause]
I bet it'll work fine on I bet it'll
work fine on the couch on my my
[Music]
leg. This is the Switch 2's arms. Yeah,
like weird like weird offbeat
competitive game that you will never
hear about
again. Heat. Heat.
[Applause]
[Applause]
that did not have nearly enough fire or
slam jama effects when you did the the
dunk there.
This whole thing just has like no razzle
to it, you know, like no crowd, no, it's
like very grim. I feel like at some
point someone said we need a Rocket
League like and this does not have the
verb of Rocket League. We hope you're
looking forward to a new twist on
threeon-ree matches using dual mouse
controls.
Next, here are some games from our
development partners coming to Nintendo
Switch 2. This is Ubisoft. This is just
Please buy my game. I have long observed
the lands between
okay this world. All right.
Y'all heard about the Zelda ring. Yo,
this is gonna this if this is coming to
the Switch, you you better get that
extended memory then. This will do well.
This is the only M-rated game on this
entire presentation. I bet
I have no doubt you will become elder.
Hear me out. Yeah.
May you take What if your tarnish could
just look like Mario?
Okay, that's the just the Mario model.
That's the Switch 2 edition. Yes. Hey,
I'm Greg from Games. Here to say that
Hades 2 is coming to Nintendo Switch 2.
Our first ever sequel introduces
Princess of the Dead, an immortal. Look
at my former boss being out here on a
Nintendo presentation. on the underworld
to the ends of the earth. Getting to
know from Greek myth in a story that
reacts to your every I wonder if they're
going final for this. It's the kind of
game you can quickly pick up and play. I
mean, they have to like they're pretty
Nintendo doesn't do early access, so
this this will be final when it comes
out, but I I mean, I wonder if it's like
they
think, sorry, did he give a date or
anything? later this year. He said or he
said more more information later this
year or when it comes out later this
year. I couldn't hear exactly. Street
Fighter 6. All
right. Catch me running [ __ ] Street
Fighter 6 switch to money matches out
back of EVO. Weapon safety mechanism
confirmed. All operating at normal
levels. Testing data link with spine.
Normal. Commencing launch.
Oh man. After two long still living in
the Iron Man camera, huh? Mhm. We will
finally be liberated from humans. I'm in
need of a new arsenal, new equipment,
and money. Finally. I'm for sale and
you're buying. Rebels.
Thanks for the warm welcome.
This planet will be ours.
The sovereign Axiom,
the Trinitas, has almost completed a
weapon that was created to destroy all
humanity. No. Because we're in the
middle of a war. Don't you get it? I
won't just stop you. No. I'll tear you
apart.
All children. Stop yelling at me. Our
lives, right? Don't. Oh.
Huh. Okay. Titanic Scion is a really
good subtitle for any video game. Super
excited for Split Fiction to come to
Nintendo Switch 2. Split fiction is very
good. Is a story about friendship. You
play as Mio who writes sci-fi and
Zo. Can you can you game share? This is
the question. Stories and it's up to you
to help them break free.
Let me tell you if they didn't let you
do that. Can you crossplatform this? And
of
course, Split Fiction on the day Switch
2 launches
at EA Sports bringing fans together
across the world, both on the pitch. Um,
split fiction has game share built into
it. EA basically you get that code,
right? I I meant I meant the the
local video thing. EA Sports, it's in
the game.
Hi, I'm Alan 2 from Avalanche Software.
Mia EA Sports will also make money on
this console. Um, if I can get
confirmation that the uh sync is cool on
um YouTube or something, I'll give it a
quick refresh here. Uh, but I don't want
to do it if it's if it's worked on the
actual stream. So, chat, if you know
before I do it,
uh, let me know. I'll hit I'll hit that
refresh.
Apparently, the UK stream is the one
that is not worked for some reason. I
don't know why it was borked on YouTube
for me. Awesome. We don't we don't want
UK launch details though. Yeah, that's
fair. I don't I don't care. It
sounds information.
Okay. It sounds like still messed up in
places.
[Music]
Um did they reconfirm what's his face is
in it now? Um, bam. Apparently,
apparently Tony Hawk intervened.
Okay, so we're getting interesting
confirmation that US stream is buggy and
UK stream is fine. Weird. That's a Maybe
the servers are weird. They uploaded the
wrong vid.
Hello, this is Christian Elvadam from IO
Interactive. We are bringing our
flagship title, Hitman World of
Assassination. [ __ ] yes. Switch. Yeah,
that's good. That's cool. Yes. as the
best assassin agent 47. I'm telling you,
you are going to need more storage. It
was 256, right? How each progresses will
vary depending on the player's
imagination. If some of these games are
going to have 4K assets, you're
definitely going to need game will
release on the same day. For the Switch
version, they should absolutely do an
exclusive level at the Nintendo Land
theme park. Excited to bring another
familiar agent to the platform.
Ah, yes. Oh, [ __ ] Yes, we're still
making this, by the way. Are they going
to show anything? Maybe. This would be a
pretty auspicious place to debut your
Bond game. Cuz they haven't shown [ __ ]
for this.
No, they have not.
If it's still Project 007, that's not a
great sign. Is coming to Nintendo Switch
to Amazon.
[Music]
All right, that was too much to ask.
Story of light and shadow that never
fades is reborn.
Oh, never mind. I thought they were
doing a Final Fantasy remake.
Remastered. That looked like um what is
it? Uh featuring this don't look so
good. That help you control the flow of
turnbased battles or I mean it looks
like a handheld game. I mean like an old
handheld game. Enjoy your adventure with
upgraded features and
advancements and all new mini games with
Which one is this? Is this the first
one? Square presents the classic mouse
control mini games. Bravely Default
Flying Fairy HD remaster. Yeah, I guess
that is the first Warrior of Light once
more.
I like that
game. Sega is also
here. Director's cut.
[Music]
It's possible that's a version of the
game that is already out and I just
don't know about it.
But lot of ports. Yeah. Yeah. Where's
Ubisoft? We have more games to show from
our publishing and development partners.
But for now, we'd like to show a game
being developed in collaboration with I
mean Ubisoft's in a weird place right
now. I didn't see any. I don't know if
they have any other games collaboration
with who?
Oh,
techudio studioa games who descended
from the heavens
joined hands with the Hilians who
dwelled on Hyrule Warriors. Their union
and prosperous kingdom.
I mean, this is a game you would
definitely show off if you're trying to
show off that your Switch is more
powerful now. More guys to kill. Is it a
new one? A warish.
I bet it's got to be a new one. One
which future generations. Did they make
two of these already or would this be a
sequel? Two. Yeah, they made two. Okay.
The imprisoning war.
Perhaps you truly have traveled back in
time.
Oh. Hey. Wait, it's not. So that's [ __ ]
I don't What in the world? Castle.
Oh my gosh. What? That must mean this
really is the past.
Huh? No. Just kidding. Wait. Okay. Yes.
There it is. There they are. Yeah.
There's that pretty good. Yeah, that was
a pretty good reveal.
They got you for a second there.
I was like, that's pretty cool. There
there's like a couple of scene missings
here in in Tears of the Kingdom. That'd
be neat to You want to see that that big
battle?
Oh, you're going to see that big battle.
All right.
Finally, one of these games can run at
an acceptable frame rate. Ah, well, hey,
don't don't uh write checks that
Nintendo can't cash. You know, just in
time for the real age of imprisonment.
That was Hyrule Warriors Age of
Imprisonment.
It's being developed by Coe Techmo Games
with support from
Nintendo. We hope you're looking forward
to the untold story of the Imprisoning
War, which took place in Hyrule long
[Music]
ago. And now, some news about Nintendo
Switch Online.
You can continue to enjoy Nintendo
Switch Online on Switch.
Okay. And with Nintendo Switch online, I
love enjoying Nintendo Switch Online.
You can enjoy a new membership benefit
exclusively on Switch 2. Please take a
look at this.
Is it a save
games? Oh, they [ __ ] did it. They
broke the glass, folks. Nintendo Switch
Online Plus expansion pack will be
getting a new break for exclusive
Nintendo Switch 2. Nintendo Gamecube
originally released in 2001. Here are
the Wait, is this how you're getting
your Wind Waker on Switch? A Legend of
Zelda game looks like a cartoon come to
life through cell. How can this be a
benefit when the Gamecube has no games?
How how did they never actually put this
out for real though? Um like I know of
did that HD
version and the world a tale of souls
and swords eternally retold in this. I
mean that was the version of of
Soulcalibur 2. I feel like with a
different weapon and Link from the
Legend of Zelda. Yeah. It was like the
one time that the Gamecube version out
sold the other.
Experience a world of white knuckle
racing at speeds over 2,000. Ah, yes.
The infuriatingly difficult F-Zero game
in deathdeying races, which is still
really good, but also infuriatingly
difficult. Machine customization and
story mode. Get ready to experience show
me eternal darkness zero GX.
In games that support multiplayer, up to
four can play together locally or
online.
Enjoy these classic games with clearer
imager. I cannot believe they still are
not going to release Wind Waker HD. You
can also check the controls for each
title. There never was a Wind Waker HD,
Brad. It's been erased from history.
More titles will be added in the future.
Firem, Pokemon, Super Mario Strikers
Mansion. Yeah, these are all like decent
picks to start with. Nintendo Classics.
I like seeing ChibiRobo on there. That's
nice that they remember ChibiRobo
exists. Expansion pack launches the same
day as the hard launch day. That's cool.
Are we going to get these system level
features? There it is. Original Gamecube
controller will also be
released. I know you have to get that
quickly access sake. The zoomers are
about to learn about the GameCube
controller. They're going to be really
disappointed. Switch online members will
also be available the same day as
Nintendo Switch 2.
Whether you're familiar with the games
or haven't Are they going to show the
dashboard of this thing? We hope you're
looking forward to Nintendo Gamecube.
Did you do achievements this time? I'm
sure you didn't. Of course, you can
continue. Let's see how much time we
have left. About 15 minutes. They got
time. This is glitchy. Let's see some
more games from our publishing and
development partners.
There it is.
Huh. All right. Mora Delta Rune.
3D Mario's got to be like the last 5 to
10 minutes of this thing, right? If it's
going to be there. Yeah. Yeah. I'm I'm
not convinced, but
[Music]
maybe I might see if I I have to double
check. No promises, but maybe I can slip
the audio into sync after the fact here.
I might be recording it separately on
our uh It might be a little late at this
point. No, no, I mean on in the archive.
Oh, okay.
They might put up a fixed version. I
hope so. Hi, I'm Randy. Oh my god, what
are we doing? He's gone full magician.
He's just Borderlands game. Too early
for this. Never go full magician. He's
gone. Borderlands is back. Loot and
shoot your way through a world filled
with wild enemies and outrageous
weapons.
We're still in development and it's
already the most ambitious Borderlands
game we've ever made. I guess I'll say
it sounds like the changes they're
making on the writing side of this make
me at least curious.
They hired some writers that I have some
affection for. So, right. He's starting
to look a little like the uh stapler guy
from uh Office Space. A little Milton.
Establish an empire and guide your
people throughout the ages of history.
It's my borderlands dog. You haven't
even quite got the PC UI on this thing
down. How are you going to get it on
Switch? Civ 7 launches on the same day
as Switch 2 and if you already own
version having a mouse continues to be
cool purchasing the upgrade
and we have even more news from 2K.
Hi, I'm Lionel Jinx and I'm Ben Bishop.
Our final announcement. Okay, speaking
of people who were also my old boss, Ben
Bishop used to be my old boss, okay, at
at 2K when I was doing testing there.
Great to see you in the ring and on the
court. I tested hockey games with that
guy.
Four kids find this old tatt. All we
need is John Drake to show up here and
we'll hit the trifecta. Enthusiasm
profound lack of out of the question.
Terrible at steering around. Let's slay
some tricks.
[Music]
Oh no. Is this me or is this them?
Oh, quick refresh.
What's happening? We need to know. No.
Hi, I'm Are they just stuck? It's
Nintendo.
It's Nintendo. Twitch is saying Nintendo
glitched out. Check YouTube. This is
YouTube. That was YouTube. Check Twitch.
That was Twitch. [ __ ] They're all
stuck. I'm going to refresh. The
Nintendo machines have broken.
What's going on here? Elements to
return. Nicely done. No. At least at
least chat is is letting us know it's
not us.
Oh, the streams.
Well, they're under a lot of load, I
guess.
Are
[Music]
they? I love that the audio is still
going.
What's the uh UK stream? How do I get
How do I do that? Do I have to like VPN?
Can I just go to YouTube?
I don't know. I actually don't know.
Yeah, it might be. It's probably a
different channel.
Yeah, it's it's Nintendo UK is their own
channel. Okay, they're back up.
Okay, get us
[Music]
back. Hold on. I've got the wrong audio
up. Hold on.
Oh my gosh. I'm so confused is what I'm
even watching right now. What is
happening? Which where is this audio
coming from? This is the YouTube audio.
It is. Hold on. I'm just going to click
on the UK one. My name is Adamski from
Please do. Okay. We are delighted to
bring the most action.
Thanks to Nintendo
Switch games at home or on the go. Get
ready to meet unforgettable characters
and discover engaging stories. Thank you
for the link. 2077 Ultimate Edition. Is
this the UK stream now?
[ __ ] Okay.
All right.
So what we missed was Astronineir, I
think. A wait, Astronineir, really on
Switch.
Yeah, and Cyberpunk
Sync looks better. Thanks, UK stream.
Unfortunately, we're going to have to do
some like currency exchange when we get
to the end of this thing.
[Music]
Wait, that's it? Okay, they're they
they've got 10 minutes left, so Oh, hell
yeah. Play
Kutami game rules.
Oh my god. Oh my god. What? Oh my god.
No, you can't just drop that like that.
You don't just show that. And I don't
even I don't even care that much about
that game, but the still do that. That's
funny.
you [ __ ]
Showing Silk Song uh meme still alive at
Nintendo. Well, I'll you this Nintendo
thing to just put it in a sizzle reel
for 5 seconds. Yeah. What the [ __ ]
That's amazing. That is really
good. That's so funny. The best part is
that nobody there even knew that they
were doing that. Yeah. Oh, wow. Outlaw.
It's a good game. on two is that's
current port. That's a current gen port
though. They're like they haven't really
shown any of those yet. Yeah. Where's
AC?
[Music]
Okay. Hell
yeah. Weirdass Pac-Man
spin-off.
[Music]
Of course. I never doubted. What if they
just said, "Actually, we're not doing
Fortnite."
Okay. Yep. This is That's announced,
right? Yeah, that's Yes, it is.
Yes. Tamagotchi Plaza. Yes. All right.
Human Fall Flat, too. That's cool. Human
Fall's a lot of fun. Still play with the
kids.
Just throw a silk song in there for 5
seconds with a 2025 date. Are you
[ __ ] kidding me? Hey, there we go.
Well, from their partners. We still got
We still got some time. There's still
time for another Nintendo. They need
They need one more first party game on
this thing. That's me, folks. Welcome to
2025. This is not It sure looks a lot
like
Castlevania. This is not Well, kind of
looks like Bloodborne, honestly. But
there's no way.
That'd be pretty funny.
I give you
I don't think so. My blood.
Uh, I bet it's Castlevania.
I Oh, there was that rumor that Mercury
Steam was doing a new Castlevania,
right? Turn. Or did I dream that? Oh, we
I think I remember that.
And transport
him to a night of moonlight,
to humanity's very dust. Oh, you should
get that looked at,
man. That shit's
[Music]
infected. Some suggestion of RE9, but I
don't think so. That doesn't
What the [ __ ]
What have you done? What if this is
Bloodborne tune? It's only on Switch,
dude. Dude, what the [ __ ]
Or it doesn't even matter if this is
called Bloodborne or not. If they have
made spiritually a new Bloodborne and
it's only for Switch, it's going to be
impossible to get one of these
things. That's what happens when Sony
dicks around for too long.
[Music]
I mean like uh what the [ __ ] Steampunk
robots. This is just what England looks
like now. I mean we are we are watching
the UK stream. So yeah, this is this is
this is absolutely like Bloodborne in
all but name.
Okay, I guess my question is, do you
think this just gets announced here and
this is on everything? Probably. I mean,
if they lock this if they lock this up
as an exclusive, it's like the coup of
the century. Seriously, you if if that
were true, you could probably end the
stream on this one. Yeah. Yeah.
This time it works out, they might. and
contemplate now the moon has befet the
soon to depart
that's you know like Elden Ring was
basically Dark Souls in all but name
right yeah like this could be the same
thing kind of doesn't matter what this
is called but is this multiplayer you
know what this
is I don't
know kind of looks like like a like a
Bloodborne multiplayer I'm not sure as
into this as maybe I don't know what
this is yet. The moon tears will flow
from one
and one alone. Your PJs on, my friend.
The dust bloods.
Meet the dusk bloods.
Doesn't say anything about exclusivity.
Uhoh. Good kitty bird. rat.
Oh boy. All right. Well,
wow. Oh my god. Holy [ __ ] They did
it. Okay. So, clearly not Bloodborne,
but
still. Ow.
Okay, how about a first party? There's
still a couple minutes
left. I really would love to see the new
Mario. Please show me a Mario. I feel
like just show me we need we need like
one more whole first party game here.
Yeah. Don't just show a thing and then
the date a montage and date. We need a
Yes.
Take a look at this.
Kirby.
Okay. All right. That's It's a Kirby
star. Oh, yeah. It is a Kirby star, not
a Mario star.
It could be. It's very Kirby. I don't
know. Wait. Just got hit with a sword.
That could be a Zelda. No, that's a
Kirby, right? That's a Kirby. Ash
doesn't know. Oh my god. If they're
going to do Smash Ultimate ultimate,
you're right. You're going to kill
Sakurai. You're going to kill that man.
Sakurai is just climbing into an open
grave.
To be fair, if they do have a new Smash
Brothers, that is absolutely a thing you
can hang the end of a presentation
on. If it's a regular Kirby game, I
don't know about that.
That's a Kirby game.
I don't know that I would have closed
with this. That's another Maybe this is
kind of a little bit of another
monkeykey's paw. I think this maybe this
is Kirby open. Wait, that's just okay.
Wait, you can't have two cart racing
games, especially if it's another racing
game.
That's okay. Well, I've got the I've got
the 10 seconds ahead stream open over
here. And so there's also this. There's
also this part.
Okay.
Okay. Couldn't get him to make another
Smash Brothers. Understandable. Let Let
the man make what he wants to make.
Yeah. Oh god. Right. I completely forgot
this game
existed. I mean, I guess I
am kind
of last. Okay. Okay.
Okay, I I need to now I'm just staring
at this. Okay, never mind. Elizabeth, I
thought I was coming to the great beyond
with you. All right, this looks this
looks promising. Yeah, this looks Mario.
Let's say close with that, though. Open
world Mario. Open world Mario,
[Music]
please. This is very Odyssey looking so
far.
I don't know. Mario reminds me of kind
of reminds me of Belgian's Fury.
[Music]
It's a Donkey Kong. Oh, Donkey Kong.
Oh [ __ ] Hang on. Open world Donkey
Kong. Are they doing open? You know
what? Huh? This I will accept. I mean,
sure, I guess. Yeah, sure. Wait.
Destructible terrain.
Now I'm in. Oh, what if they just made
Destruction but with [ __ ] Donkey
Kong? Okay, forget
Mario. This is way more
interesting. Power of the Switch, too.
How much train can you destroy? I need
to know.
[Music]
You know what? Yes. This this you can
you can close a compound [ __ ]
presentation on. It's a It's a It's Red
Faction Gorilla, guys. You get
You get it? How dare you come up with
that? You get it?
Really good. Yeah. Thank you.
Best dad joke of the day.
This looks all right. Yeah, this looks
decent. I wonder who's making it. Good
question.
Okay, I've seen the title for this game
and you're going to lose your mind.
Okay, I've seen I'm not the only one.
Hire me, Nintendo. We can work together.
I'm gonna slap my fins together in
approval for that.
That's one of the best, dumbest video
game names I think I've ever seen.
Coming in
July 3D action.
We're absolutely getting 3D Mario for
holiday, just not on this presentation.
I want I really want to know who's
making
this. This isn't retro
busy. This could be internal.
Maybe maybe they're done with Metroid.
Maybe they finished Metroid 3 years ago.
I'm saying this could be a Nintendo
internal, too.
Yeah. No price. Yeah, it totally could.
It would just be a
shift. Oh my god.
Uhhuh. Did they say earlier
that price would come later? I don't
know. I don't remember that. I thought I
saw people in chat saying they said stay
tuned for price or something. Yeah.
Okay. I mean, let's say the state of Glo
let's say the state of global trade is
maybe shaky enough that you might not
want to commit two months in advance.
Two months is not a lot of time. That's
not a lot of time. If you're going to be
taking pre-orders or something, maybe
they'll put it out in the press release.
I doubt it. They would have actually put
it on here if they were ready. It
absolutely would have been on here.
Yeah.
Well, two notable omissions there. No 3D
Mario, no price. When is the treehouse
stuff starting? Is it right after? Can't
remember. Right after. I can I don't
think it was It may not be today. I
can't remember.
Um, let's see. Uh, Treehouse is Oh, they
just showed it and I just missed.
Treehouse is Treehouse is tomorrow.
Okay. They're doing they're doing and
the next day they're doing streams
tomorrow and Friday. Did you get check
your inbox, Brad? Did you get a press
release? What's What's going on? What's
all the information? What are all the
details?
We got expansion pack expansion pass uh
prices and all the good stuff.
Well, uh let's go check uh let's go see
what's going on. Who who would have a
pre-order up first? I don't have a
thing. Okay. I don't I I don't know that
anybody would be doing it yet if the
price like a Best Buy.
I bet no one is yet.
Amazon. Yeah. Nobody I don't Nobody's
got nobody's got anything.
Yeah. Uh Games Radar says pre-orders are
rumored to start tomorrow. Okay. Okay. I
mean, you would need to know a price
then, wouldn't you?
Maybe.
You can't take a pre-order if you don't
know the price. I mean, you actually
Hang on. Hang on. This that may have
been Google search results lying to me.
Yeah, that they will do that. I I I
don't I don't
think I I don't I don't know that we
should expect anything anytime soon.
All right, let's be real about this.
Yeah, hardware wise. Yeah, not
necessarily exceeding expectations
except in a couple of areas, you know,
like the 120 frames thing. I think
that's an exceeding of expectations. 120
Hz on the on this the handheld screen is
amazing. And again, that's for that
enables a 40 Hz mode. So that's like way
better performance
without, you know, pushing the system as
hard in handheld mode.
Um, I wish they had sh I'm sure nobody
else cares. I would have loved to see
have seen the dashboard for this thing.
I would have loved to have seen like
like a three minute walkthrough of just
like here's what the system interface
looks like. Here's what we've done.
Yeah, those are always exactly like the
Switch one. We did we did some kind of
Nintendo-esque achievement thing, right?
Nope. Nope. Nope. There's a camera.
Yeah.
Uh, third party
camera support. Probably not. Probably
not. Probably not out of the gate. I
would not expect it. I would not expect
it. It would be cool. It would be very
cool if they did third party if you like
you use a third party camera, but I
doubt it.
Um,
yeah. Um, I don't know. Not super
wellelmed. Like the C button function is
kind of not what I mean. I don't know
what I was hoping for. I'm not That was
not really it. You could maybe see that
being useful once in a while.
Uno. Where was Ubisoft? Where was
Ubisoft with an Uno game that utilizes
that feature, right? Yeah. Where was
Ubisoft in general? Cuz like we got the
Star Wars, you know,
Yeah. But there really wasn't anything
else from them. Yeah.
Uh um
Yes. Yeah. that from game which is 202
that's 2026
basically looks like a Bloodborne 2. Um
what else was going on? They talk about
storage pretty straightforward. I don't
know how much micro SD express cards are
um what else did they talk about?
Silkong. Uh they didn't talk about
Silkong. They just did it. Oh yeah,
right. like a silk song like at least
narrowing down to a like what are we at
here an eightmon window now I mean they
can always move it I'm not they will
almost assuredly but still I bet they're
I bet they're pretty confident if
they're actually saying things like that
um uh okay like a 256 gig micro SD
express card is is 60 bucks so it's not
like exorbitant that's 256 yeah for so
that would double you could double the
storage in that thing for for 60 bucks
Yeah, which is not
like not terrible. I mean, we don't know
how big the Switch 2 games digitally
will be, though. I assume they will be
bigger.
Oh my god. Yes. Daniel Amod on Twitter
says Nintendo confirms 49,000 yen for
Japan. Okay. What's that US? I mean, all
other things being equal, that would be
$500, but the yen is so weak right now
that it actually could be more.
in Japan,
but it's hard to say. Yeah. I mean, if
you look at the current, don't worry,
the dollar will also be that weak by
June. Well, that's the thing is that the
the dollar strength against the yen has
gotten a lot worse in the last few
months. I don't
um GameCube stuff. Um that's cool. Yeah.
Um,
still need pricing on the uh upgrade
path, the the um enhanced edition stuff,
the Switch versions. Yeah. Uh, that
Mario Kart World thing seemed cool. That
was
u Yeah, Mario Kart World looks that
Mario Kart World looks way more
interesting than I would expect.
Still Mario Kart, but
yeah. Uh,
yeah. I don't know. Like open world
Mario Kart sounds interesting at least
in concept like Oh yeah.
Uh I am I am I am now looking at the
Nintendo Japan site that literally says
49,980 yen. Wait, so Nintendo Japan is
putting a price out. Like it's up on
their site. Interesting. So how is that?
So that's got to be them not putting in
this presentation has got to be them
saying like hedging against tariffs and
other [ __ ] right? Maybe maybe maybe
it's easier for them to nail it down in
their own territory than having to worry
about export factors. Yeah. So maybe we
don't get international prices.
I don't know. That's weird. There's
Yeah, there's nothing on the Nintendo
site.
Um although Twitch Twitch chat is now
saying he has also Let me check his
feed. Uh okay. Apparently it is 449 in
the US. This is coming out. This is like
coming out. on there's a press release
on BusinessWire here and launches June
5th at $449.99.
Honestly, it's not as bad as I was
thinking. Splitting splitting the
difference.
You hope you hoped for 3.99, you feared
$4.99. So, I guess this is yet another
yet another like the final digit of the
monkeykey's paw has curled for the day.
Yeah. After all of the other just a
little
digit. Uh um 449 does not sound
completely insane to me for what that
system. Yeah, when I I started seeing
the the what what they've crammed into
it, I guess it's not super surprising.
The bundle with Mario Kart might be 500,
but that doesn't completely surprise me.
Yeah, that's I see I see that being
suggested right now. Oh, there it is.
Racing Tennis Wish 2 Mario Kart World
bundle for $4.99. There it is. Oh, yeah.
Okay. All right.
Why wouldn't you just put that in the
presentation? I don't know. Maybe maybe
they maybe this is maybe they didn't
want to. Um uh maybe it just wasn't
locked in when they recorded this,
right? Yeah, exactly. That's that's
possible. I could also I also wonder
maybe Nintendo thinks discussing price
in a video presentation is a bit go
maybe. I don't
know. Uh is there any more about the
um upgrade path? Any of that stuff come
out?
Uh, let's see. Upgrade
packs. I don't see anything about like
pricing on upgrades if that if that's
what you mean. Yeah, like
um this looks like they're just
republishing this press release here.
I'm sure this is inboxes. Yeah, I don't
there's nothing in here about price on
upgrades. Oh god, I'm looking at some of
the prices for the games in Europe. Like
Mario Kart World physical in Europe is
€9.
Huh? Wait. Donkey Kong Bonanza is €80.
Huh. That is that on par with what stuff
has been in in Europe? I I don't know. I
don't know what's going on with the EU
and and euros right now. But that is
weird. That's very expensive. Uh
where are you seeing those prices? Are
they Are they in our chat? Someone just
posted like an image like maybe they're
maybe that's not right. That citation
needed. Yeah. Yeah. I don't I don't know
what territory that is in or what
country that might be in. Well, the
language on the page appears to be
either Spanish or Portuguese, so I don't
know which. Okay. Yeah, we we'll need
more confirmation on that. Yeah. Yeah. I
don't think they're necessarily going to
charge that much money for like those
games in the US. I'm just saying is
there something weird happening with
like the whatever the exchange rate is
for euros or something? I I would assume
there'll be 70 bucks here. Yeah, that
would be my guess. Uh,
all right.
Well, we're going to uh Yeah, sorry. Go
ahead. One other thing I I'm trying to
remember who proposed this idea in I
think it was Gultor was the name in our
Discord chat proposed earlier. Like what
if what if that Donkey Kong game is
being made by the Mario team? What if
there is no new 3D Mario? What if it's a
new Donkey Kong from the people who
would have made a new Mario instead?
Sure. Yeah, I can get behind that. Yeah.
I bet there's also a 3D Mario, though. I
I hope so. I bet there is a November
Mario surprise. Uh, they didn't give any
kind of date on Donkey Kong, did they at
all? I think they said July. Uh, yeah,
it's July. Oh, it is July. Oh. Oh, it's
July. Okay, then never mind any of that.
If that's coming out in July, they still
need something for holiday. Yeah. So,
that could be a Mario or something else.
We don't know.
Um, all right. Well, that's I mean, so
like what is it first party then? Like
it's basically Mario Kart and Donkey
Kong and a bunch of upgraded Switch
games in the first month, month and a
half. Like that's it, right? They didn't
announce any other No other no other
first party announcements. I'd have to
go watch first party. No, that's sick.
They said Kirby Airride is this year,
right? But that's probably later in the
year. I think it's later in the year.
They didn't they didn't really give a
window for that one. Oh, and don't
forget the welcome tour. Yes, the
premium tour. possible. That's a I
wonder if they've got anything else and
GameCube games on day one. Like
obviously they've got a bunch of fringe
stuff, but I' Man, I wonder if they've
got any other first party games to
announce because that's like a pretty
small launch lineup.
It is, but I feel like it might be
enough actually. I mean, like Mario Kart
will probably have close to a one:1
attach rate, right? I think so. But I
mean, there's it's literally a pack in,
right? If you buy the Well, if if you
buy the bundle. Yeah. Even if you don't,
people will be buying that game. Like,
which if the games are 70 bucks, that's
like 20 bucks off Mario Kart. So, it's
not a bad deal. Yeah.
Let's see. You got your Switch, you got
your controllers, your straps, your
grip. Yeah, I honestly Yes. Okay. Sorry.
They There's still no no date or time
frame for Metroid other than this year,
right?
kind like you can kind of argue that's
sort of a Switch 2 launch window game
because it's gotten, you know, it's got
a Switch 2 mode, Switch 2 version coming
out like I guess like any of those any
of those post switch one games are kind
of part of the launch lineup.
[Music]
Um, yeah, I bet I bet between now and
launch we're going to get a lot more
information. Um, whether it's but the
rumors won't stop, man. We uh but 450 it
seems like is is confirmed for the US on
the Seems like it. Yeah. Uh 500 for the
Mario Kart bundle. You know, it wouldn't
be a Nintendo presentation if it wasn't
at least a little bit vexing and
confounding. They found a way to do it.
Any price on the camera?
That seems $7,000.
Yeah, right.
Um, all right. At least made the camera
look like Rosen robot or something. It
doesn't It doesn't look like it.
Um, yeah. Do Brad, do you think you'd
buy a camera? Oh, no. Alex, unless
there's a game that like makes it
essential. Yeah, I put it this way. I've
bought every console camera up to this
point. What's going to stop me now? I
even have that dumb PS5 camera that I I
do, too. Yeah, I I've never opened it or
done anything with it. No. No. Um, will
the Switch allow you to, first of all,
will the Switch have password protected
loginins? Second, will it allow you to
log in with a camera? No. But I'm going
to say no to both of those. Please,
please put a login on the Switch
password. Really, they really need a way
to just lock out people just logging
into your account. I I mean, please, you
can put a you can, you know, you can
enable password on the eShop so that
like I mean, it's a [ __ ] portable
system. Like, you need security on a
device that you could easily lose. Yeah.
Yeah. And like anybody could just open
up, you know, like you should have a
password on the eShop cuz otherwise
people can go spend a bunch of your
money if they get their hands on your
Switch. But seriously, yes, they should
absolutely put a login something on
there. I uh we had friends over the
other day, uh not the other day, a while
ago, and
um one of the kids was playing on the
Switch and just logged into my account,
was just was just playing games on my
account. Um here here's the um thanks
for for posting it. Here's the what we
missed in the uh so it's a new
Astronineir thing. It's not just
Astronineir. Weird. Wait, is it a whole
new game? It's a switch focus thing.
Yes.
Astronineir is great. Yeah, it's
cool. Switch to your place for
destructible terrain.
This looks different though.
This looks like more than four four
people or two people. Yeah, I don't
know. Or maybe it is four people. I It's
kind of kind of getting I'm kind of
getting a different kind of game vibe
from this a little bit. I don't
[Music]
know. It's like a hub world. Astronineir
Starseker. I I bet this is this looks
kind of simplified
from from Astanineir is my guess. Yeah,
maybe. Oh, published by Devolver. Yeah,
they got bought by Deolver. Oh, okay.
Well, we're gonna uh in just a few hours
we're going to talk uh I think Will will
be joining us, right? We're going to
talk about this again. Uh yeah, I'm
going back to my vacation after this. Go
go go have dreams of the of the Switch 2
now. Um All right. Hang on. There's
another detail that's um late breaking
news. Uh Bun Laya has pointed out in the
Discord chat. Hang on.
Okay, playing on Switch 2, you'll soon
gain access to it. Okay, you get the
upgrade packs for both Zeldas for free
if you have the online
service, which is cool. Uh-huh. I sure
hope that's not the only way you can get
those upgrade packs. Okay. Oh, I bet
it's not. I I sincerely hope that I
mean, there's precedent for that,
though, right? Hasn't there been um
didn't the um excuse me, the Mario Kart
DLC? Didn't you get that for free with
Nintendo Switch Online? Yes.
Yeah. So, the big DLC like burst that
they did, if you had the online service,
that was free for you. If you didn't,
you would have to pay 25 bucks. I
remember for like the full course of
course packs, you still buy it. You can
still buy it. You can still buy it
separately. It was a thing. Like like my
fear was they were going to um Tetris
999 this and make it so you could only
get those packs if you're subscribed to
the service. Meaning if you stop
subscribing, you lose access. But as
long as you can like buy the upgrades
separately yourself just to have them
forever, that's fine. Yeah. Uh but
there's the online service and then
there's the what's the other one called?
The uh the game pass or the uh the um
pack. The expansion pack. Is that where
you get the like the GameCube games and
stuff? Like I have I have the online
service. But you're saying in that that
thing if you have the online service,
the cheap one
then you get it or is it the expansion
pass? Switch online. They usually
specify. No, no, no. It says switch
online plus expansion pack members.
Okay. Do not have upgrade packs for This
doesn't actually This kind of makes it
sound like you have to be subscribed to
get those, which is
I really hope that's not the case.
Oh, so interesting. We'll find out. That
That really sucks though, locking stuff
like that up behind an ongoing
subscription if that's how that works. I
hope it's not. I'm seeing this on social
media. Please feel free to correct me if
I'm 100% wrong on this. Uh, someone just
commented the Japanese Switch 2 is
region locked. Ah, that's a choice. But
only the Japanese one. And I think the
the post I just saw surmises that this
might be to try and prevent foreigners
from buying the cheaper version.
Interesting.
Interesting. I don't know. again.
Hey, this is all it's all it's all
breaking here. Just flying fast and
furious around. Yeah, this is is this
what you're seeing, Alex? This is the I
think so. Japan only, right? Multi-
language
[Music]
system. Yep. I mean, stuff is stuff is
breaking.
Yep, sure is.
Uh, okay. Good. Also, isn't today the
day? I think today's the day, right?
Today the day. Like a bunch of new
tariff stuff is coming down today. I
think so. Yeah. If I'm not if I'm not
mistaken. Sorry, you meant T day. Yeah.
Right. Of course. I have Uh-huh.
Uh, yeah. Lot to pick apart here. Oh,
boy. Right. Well, this is going to be
fun. There we go. Good luck, guys.
There we
go.
Um, it's all happening. Yep.
We'll, uh, we'll probably, well, uh,
when we record, we've got some hours
here. Um, some of the stuff will maybe
sift out, maybe some clarification.
Sounds like there's some like, um, facts
going up on Nintendo. Some, um, like,
uh, various news sites will start
getting their ducks in a row and we can
make sure we've got our stuff right.
Yes, Alex, you made a raised eyebrow. I
know. I just saw a post that said the
MSRP for Mario Kart World is 80 bucks,
and I'm like, that's Let's not throw out
every single number we see like that
that people are pulling that from that
80. Okay. Uh screenshot of that's going
around. I don't there's I was looking I
was looking for confirmation of that,
but it's not confirmed anywhere. Got it.
There's there's there is nothing out
there yet. Yeah, the region locking
turned out to be real.
It could be the case, but I don't know.
That
that seems crazy to me,
dog. It's on their website. Uh, is the
dollar figure?
I'm looking at the website now. That's
it. Yeah, it's on their website. June
5th, $80. Reddit. Hang on. This Reddit
post says that's Canadian dollars,
though. I don't know. How How would we
know? I don't know. This says US. I'm on
the US website. Yeah, I mean, okay, if
you're on the website, hang on.
nintendo.com us.
It is nintendo.com us. All right. So, I
guess that's I guess that's real then,
huh? Okay, that's a
choice, man. Now, I'm almost regretting
not being on the podcast today cuz what
the [ __ ] Maybe you should just buy the
bundle, man. Hang on. Is that the Is
that like the eShop page? I'm trying to
find that.
Um, this is
the I can send you a link to it.
Nintendo got the URL right here. Gan
$80.
Maybe somebody messed up.
$80. We just started doing $70 not that
long ago.
Okay, I am text recognitioning the URL
from this stream you're sending me.
Nice. Nice. Do you need uh I'll drop it
into a browser. Oh, wow. I cannot I
cannot I don't think they've updated
their landing page. I cannot find that
page here. I'm just going to link it to
you in the uh Okay, thank you. Yeah,
make make life easier for
you. Somebody spoofed the the Nintendo
site.
Um yeah, I mean that's I'm screaming
internally and
externally. What the [ __ ] Yeah, that's
crazy. Going to have to go register.
That's Is that every game? Is there Is
there a page for Kong? Well, again, the
other one a Donkey Kong looked like it
was $10 cheaper on the Euros page. I
don't know if that's the case here or
not.
How can they just say 70? How can they
justify 80 for Mario Kart and 70 for
other games? That's what I mean. At
least I mean, that's better than every
game being 80 at least. Are we just
going back to the days when games just
like randomly cost $30 more than other
games because the publisher decided to
Does it come with a racing wheel? Hang
on. Where? I don't I still don't see
that price on here. It's at the very
bottom. It is on there. It's pretty far
down the page, but it is on there. It's
like
um It's like Oh, there it is. Yes, I
that was not coming up in text search. I
see. Yeah, these are not clickable. Wild
three asterisks on it. Uh-huh. I got to
know what that means. Manufacturer
suggested retail price.
Uh, it's it's all just standard
boilerplate. Yeah. Well, guys, good luck
talking about all this. Wild. Yeah. When
you do the podcast, just uh let everyone
know that's [ __ ] crazy is what I
said.
I feel like, man, this is weird. I feel
like $80 Mario Kart is going to be all
anybody talks about now.
That's why they didn't put in the
presentation. I don't know. Uh oh, look.
You may be able to use a USBC camera
accessory you already own. However, not
all cameras may work as intended. You
can always check compatibility using the
test USB camera feature located Nintendo
to Switch settings. Awesome. I'm going
to plug in my Connect One. I'm going to
plug in my PlayStation 5 camera. See if
I That's Yeah, that's cool. That's cool
that they allow that. Yeah.
Um, I feel like things got so much more
baffling in the last 15 minutes than
where we ended on the actual
presentation. Yeah, there's like there's
a number of things they could really
could have clarified in that thing that
would have delayed all of these
problems. Price of console, like how
those upgrades work. What the [ __ ] is up
with the Mario Kart pricing? I need to
know about my How much is my Jamberee
going to cost? Think Jamberee is going
to be 80 bucks?
[ __ ] hope not.
All these links just go to nintendo.com.
So that uh Okay. Yeah. I just there's
just I'm just baffled by some of these
choices.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Should be. Like what the [ __ ]
Stuff's happening. I was I was just not
ready for a day that brought me both a
Bloodborne 2 [ __ ] Switch exclusive
and also $80 Mario Kart. like not my
brain was not ready for these
possibilities. The $80 open world Mario
Kart at that. Yeah.
Yeah. What the This is I really didn't
think Nintendo had the capacity to
baffle me anymore. Oh god, this web
their web page for Donkey Kong is a lot.
This is a lot. This is a lot. This is a
lot. Uh okay, so $70 there. We said that
already, right? June 7th. That was And
then Right. And okay, those are the Oh
god, I can't scroll back up. Those are
the only two they seem to have on the
front now.
Yeah, yeah, that's I think that's it for
first party. Um, no jamboree pricing I
or at least I couldn't get to a game
page on that yet.
So, all
right. Oh, man. Interesting. All right.
Well, we know more than we did. I can
say that. For sure.
Some of the unknowns are now known.
And we did get a price and a date
and a camera. Yeah.
Some hot 20somes playing with the
system. But not on a rooftop. No, you
really should have put them back on a
rooftop. Yeah, you shouldn't take your
Switch to outside. It's 2025. Nobody has
parties anymore. No, I was going to say
they're they're separate. They're
playing separately together, you know.
That's uh Yeah, they realize nobody
wants to get together.
We should not have consented. This is a
weird one. Yeah, this whole thing. I
don't know.
Uh t tentatively pretty positive on all
of this, I think. But for some pricing,
not I mean outside of the pricing stuff,
just like the what the system looks like
and what it can do seems pretty good.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. Like a lot of
the features I'm just never going to
use. Like I I don't think I'm going to
use the camera stuff. I don't I mean
I'll try the mouse stuff, but I it's
really hard to me to imagine sitting on
the couch using the mouse stuff. Uh
game-wise, I think that I think the
Mario Kart stuff looks cool and the and
the Donkey Kong stuff looks cool. Yeah.
So like that's cool. But a lot of the
hardware features, like I I never play
the thing undocked, but it's nice to
have the dock try and keep that thing
from overheating with the fan in it, I
guess. But I'm a little worried about
fan noise. Um, my Switch fan I had to
replace. So, we'll see if that thing
makes it that tiny little fan makes a
ton of noise. Uh, we'll see. We'll see.
Like, a lot of the features seem like
they are for people who use this in
handheld mode a lot or use play it
differently than me, like the screen
stuff and the refresh rate. Yeah. I
mean, I think that is probably the
majority if I had to guess. Probably
like that's the big selling point,
right? Like you undock this thing and
take it with you. I guess they didn't
mention anything about estimated battery
life, but yeah, maybe they're not
touting it because it's nothing to write
home about. Yeah, that much better. I
wouldn't expect much change there. Uh I
think I think putting the charging thing
on the top is great or another USBC
thing on the top. That's really smart.
Yeah. Yeah, like I use a little travel
dock that uh although they didn't say
video out of the top one, right? Just
charging actually. So
they Yeah, I guess it's probably not in
the right spot, you know, if I Yeah,
it's probably it's probably just video
out of the bottom one. Yeah, cuz look,
it's um like Oh, could you just do a
USBC natively out of the bottom without
putting in the dock or the top? You mean
without putting it in the dock? Cuz it's
not it's not symmetrical with the bottom
one. So, you couldn't like flip it over
and put it in the dock, but maybe you
could do some other thing. Um, the
magnet stuff, I guess. Sure. I got, you
know, I never had a problem with I never
had a problem with my my controllers, my
Joy-Cons sliding off, but uh, we we'll
see. We'll see. We'll talk more about it
uh on the podcast as more stuff gets
confirmed and rolls out. Hot hot
news. Hot news. Yeah, stuff happening.
$80.
$80 for your Mario Kart. That's pretty
hard to get past.
But but it's it's even weirder. Okay, I
guess we'll see what the availability of
those bundles are because at $80, the
pack-in with Mario Kart seems super even
even more ridiculous, right? I I I
wonder if that's just a one-off to drive
bundle sales. I mean, they don't need to
drive bundle sales, though. Everybody
was going to buy that anyway. I don't I
don't know, man. I don't know strategy
is. I mean, they did say limited edition
on those bundles, right? Like, are they
going to be hard to find? Oh, I don't
know. I guess it depends on if there's
anything unique in there.
Um, yeah. So, so we'll see. We'll see
what happens there. If those are hard to
find, that's going to be a real bummer
because that's a considerable savings if
you're planning on getting Mario Kart.
Yeah. Yeah. 30 bucks 30 bucks off is
crazy.
Um, also Brad, do we know if they have
done anything like seriously there's a
serious question like Hall effect on the
controllers? Has that been rumored at
all? I haven't seen any rumors about
that yet. I hope so. Yeah, that'd be
nice. Well, I sure hope so.
Alex, thank you very much for joining us
this morning. Thank you, Brad. Thank you
very much for waking up early for this
shocking news. Yes, I'm awake now. We
will we will be recording. Stay woke the
the podcast later today. Probably be
talking a lot about this. We'll join
Will or Will join us um later. Is there
more news leaking out? Seems like more a
little bit more kosum in the um discord
chats. I don't have a link to this, but
it's all in Japanese anyway. Is this the
upgrade pass?
Okay. Looks like you might be able to
buy the upgrade pass separately.
Oh, confirmation you can. Okay. For not
that much. For maybe like 10 bucks.
Okay. Not
sure. Yeah. Zelda Tears of the There's a
screenshot from the Japanese site. Tears
of the Kingdom Switch 2 edition. 8,900
yen. Okay. Wait. No. No. I'm sorry.
Never mind. I'm losing my mind. That's
the full That's the full That's the full
game, not the not the pass. It's very
early. I got it very early. Sorry.
That's That's the price on the full
version of the game for Switch 2. But
that sounds like you can get The point
is it sounds like it's not just online
service only. It sounds like you can
just buy the game outright and have the
Switch 2 version without needing to keep
a subscription. Look, like anything
these days when you got to wait a little
bit for the dust to settle and wait for
the online uh all the the social medias
to kind of filter out a little bit,
right? There's a lot of lot of take your
information with a grain of salt. That's
and then uh and then regurgitate the
stuff that you feel most comfortable
regurgitating and aligns with your
ethos. That's that's how that's how news
goes, right? Let it all go and then just
uh uh then just broadcast the things
that align with what you wanted which
what you want. Yeah. So So on that note,
let's end the stream so I can go throw
up. Let's end the stream. Thanks
everybody. Like I said, we'll be talking
more about this. Uh Brad and I will
later on. We'll hopefully some stuff
will get more confirmed more. We'll get
some more prices. I'm sure more people
going to start leaking stuff that now
that this is out. Uh and so that podcast
will go up later today on the on the
Patreon. And then obviously um Thursday
on the on the regular feeds where even
more information will be confirmed I'm
sure and dated. Uh but thank you very
much for joining us all. Thanks again
you guys for uh making room in your
schedule for the for the talk over. What
a what a talkover Nintendo. Uh thanks
everybody. We'll be back soon. See you.