six 3DS's but I only have one copy why
the hell not let's go over each of the
3DS models uh I've done this with most
of these 3DS systems separately but
might as well talk about them all in
just one flat go because this is pretty
wild you know for one of Nintendo's
lower selling handhelds like it did fine
around 80 million units sold but you
know compare that to the Game Boy in
Nintendo DS line for selling lower you'd
expect them to you know not do a six
whole goddamn variants but here we are
and uh with the 3DS's redesigns you know
you can kind of tell why they did each
and every one uh you know there are
exceptions but let's go over all of the
Nintendo 3DS is and what each brought to
the table and maybe talk about hey which
one is the definitive one and which one
is the way to stay the hell away from
starting things off with the original
3DS launching an early
2011 uh this thing felt like it was
designed with the intention of getting
redesigned at one point absolutely
everybody was like all right all right
it's a little chunky a little funky
looking when is the when is the new
model coming out I remember a consistent
talking point at the beginning of the
3DS's life is talking about a Nintendo
3DS light much like how the DS had the
DS Light you know just the idea of
something that's a little sleeker a
little sexier a little lighter something
you could throw in your pocket whip out
on the bus and not be embarrassed to
 this was a color that released a
couple months later into these systems
life uh but you originally got Cosmo
black and aqua blue at the launch of the
3DS you know back then I I was
definitely like Oh Black all the way
nowadays I'd probably go with blue but
even then with all the unique colors the
original 3DS got it's a little
unfortunate that so much of it is kind
of like taken away by the fact that uh
the top screen is pretty much always
black I believe the reason behind that
is that it frames the 3D of the screen
like better like it just makes the
visuals pop a little more and you know
what I can definitely understand that
you know as the 3d effect did improve
over time with the 3DS with stuff like
the new 3DS and new 3DS XL I do find the
original system as flawed as the 3D may
be there's something about it that just
feels a little more substantial with
this system I don't know how else to
describe it 3D slider is just right here
and it it's definitely a little looser
than other systems especially the new
3DS line of systems you know there's
kind of a satisfying click to uh turning
on and off the 3D the headphone jack
being in the middle was always a very
peculiar design choice in my opinion
kind of stunk because I was like the
king of cheap ass headphones from the
dollar store back when I was playing the
3DS in 2011 basically to the point like
I would run these headphones dry where
like I I would have to like be jamming
my palm into the cord in the headphone
jack to make it work properly uh so with
the 3DS uh I I couldn't really do that
as well you know it has to be on the
side so then when I'm playing I can just
be jamming my damn Palm into the
headphone jack all the buttons feel fine
they just feel a little like a little
plasticky a little hard a little clicky
100% a perfectly functional feeling
handheld it's just not the most
comfortable but it's not it's
uncomfortable I'd say the only time it
gets really uncomfortable is when you're
playing a game on the 3DS that uses
literally every single button constantly
I remember playing Metroid Samus Returns
on this thing and the fact that you have
to use you know the shoulder buttons
constantly along with everything else um
yeah it it doesn't feel good it doesn't
feel good to play a game like that on
here for something like Mario 3D land or
something just off the top of my head
where you might use the shoulder button
to uh Crouch or just do a long jump
really quickly you it's perfectly fine
but when you're constantly jamming on
these damn shoulder buttons and you have
to use like all these other buttons and
the d-pad and the circle pad all at once
it just it becomes a bit much on this
original device but hey look at that we
have the circle pad which was a big
welcome change uh on Nintendo systems I
love the feel of the circle pad you know
you get some analog movement on a
handheld for once with Nintendo
definitely leagues better than that damn
stick on the PSP and even by comparison
you know with the 3DS's main competitor
the PS Vita uh the sticks on that while
they are you know actual analog sticks I
don't know I do really like the feeling
of the circle pad on the 3DS it just
feels very smooth very comfortable I
think this is a great solution to analog
3D movement on a DS type system now what
was really weird about Circle pads is
that you know when they first revealed
the Wii U at E3 2011 that version of the
Wii U gam pad uh used Circle pads
instead of analog sticks I don't think
we've ever gotten an answer for why
maybe because the 3DS just launched in
2011 so they just had a bunch of circle
pads lying around even though the circle
pads on the Wii U controller's prototype
uh were definitely not the same types of
circle pads I don't know St selecting
home buttons are kind of in this weird
like it's like it's like they're under
bed covers or something I don't know
it's like you're popping a zit whenever
you're pressing any of these down SD
card on the side uh this is very similar
to how things worked with the DSi and
DSi XL you know nothing crazy with that
but you want to know what is crazy the
stylus in this position why I will give
him this this is probably the uh closest
we've ever gotten to a stylus uh that's
that is kind of in favor of left-handed
users right here yeah good for you guys
it pisses me off but good for you guys I
hated this when I was a kid back in 2011
uh but you can tell they were obviously
kind of like really pressed for space on
like where the hell to put the stylus
because what they ended up actually
doing was creating the telescopic stylus
so it's this short so then it fit in the
system but when you take it out look at
this definitely the most premium
Nintendo stylist we've gotten thus far I
mean well we're comparing like plastic
chisels at this point but still Dumbo
stuff like this makes the original 3DS
uh feel a lot more premium of a device
uh for example they gave it this
glittery
shine uh why the hell not I do
definitely have a soft spot for this
design though it it looks like what it's
got like a muffin top you have a
physical wireless switch basically so
then you can turn on and off uh WiFi
whenever you want uh okay that that's
fine F but it's just like like what the
hell else has like an immediate switch
to have you turn internet on or off this
is very clearly something that you can
just have baked into the software makes
it then the original 3DS just has all
these constant like lights and buttons
flickering at all times you have the 3d
effect light you have the street pass
light you have the wireless light then
you have the power on light and the
charging light now this original 3DS I
have here is actually modded uh four
capture cards uh this is generally what
most of them look like you have this big
old box at the bottom here now I will
definitely say uh the better way to go
about that is uh with the new 3DS XL
models see they don't have to do nearly
as much with these ones I mean all this
has is like a USBC Port drilled into
here other than that like yeah you're
you're golden but I bring this up
because this kind of reminds me of some
of the old school battery expanders
released back then like they had like a
Niko uh battery expander for the 3DS
where it kind of you know you have to
unscrew the bottom of the 3DS and
replace it with something that kind of
looks like this because the battery life
of the original 3DS uh was putrid yeah
like 3 to 5 hours that is ridiculous now
of course a lot of that is contingent on
a lot you know if you're blasting 3D or
whatever uh the screen brightness is all
the way up if the if the internet's on
which is probably why they were like oh
the battery is so God awful on this
might as well give them an immediate
switch to just turn it off but yeah that
was definitely kind of a tough pill to
swallow with this uh this guy originally
launched at
250 bucks battery life was God awful but
hey uh at the very leas in the package
you got a lot of junk this box is pretty
damn huge and inside you get like a fair
amount of little goodies uh firstly uh
this was when literally like look look
at this the operations manual is so damn
thick and on top of that they give you
like a billion quick start guides you
get your AR cards in here which you know
that that was a big thing no matter what
3DS you got you always got AR cards with
it they eventually got rid of like a
bunch of other junk that they originally
included hell even the charger but thank
Christ they kept including the AR cards
you get your 3DS the charger and the 3DS
charging cradle I got to be honest I'm
not really sure why they included the
3DS charging cradle that seems like a
very optional accessory uh but hey I
won't complain I kind of like the 3DS
charging cradle I guess it makes it a
little easier to sleep at night that you
can just throw your 3DS on a on a cradle
you don't have to worry about like going
out of your way to charge it nearly as
much uh because uh it is it is very
likely the next day if you pick up your
3DS and you did not charge it overnight
it will be completely dead the original
3DS
design it's fine anybody that compar
compar it to like the original Nintendo
DS design I think they are like like
have you played with the original DS
that thing sucks ass I love it you know
like I love the look of it and
everything it's funny it's a funny
little guy but that thing is God awful
the original 3DS I mean like yeah I mean
like you know you you can look at this
design like it's a little it's a little
weird little layer cake type design but
you know what it it's iconic I think out
of all the 3DS units this this one has
some of the most personality but of
course the only thing anybody could ever
talk about with this thing is how oh my
God there's no second Circle pad how is
the 3DS ever going to compete against
the PlayStation video with two whole
analog it's the exact same thing as like
the DS versus the PSP why the hell did
this whole thing repeat again where
people were pretty sure that the PS Vita
was going to win I'm like the two analog
sticks was that big of a sticking point
now I got to the point that Nintendo had
to put out the circle pad Pro to shut
people up and guess how many games
supported it none actually I'd say like
a good couple dozen uh but a lot of
those games ended up releasing after
Nintendo Incorporated a circle pad Pro
like alternative uh with the new 3DS
line of systems you know what I'm going
to rank all of these models the original
3DS model um I I have a fondness for it
I have a ton of nostalgia with this
design it is not my preferred 3DS by a
long shot but at least like looking at
it I do get some of my warmest fuzzies
from a biased perspective I might give
it like a seven out of 10 from an
unbiased perspective I'd give it like a
5.5 to a six and that's not considering
the library of games or anything you
know the 3DS library is great there's so
many great titles that released on this
handheld uh when it comes to uh you know
playing on it uh I'm tired of playing on
this stupid ass thing like you've
already seen uh this unit was modded for
capture and uh I I I feel like a lot of
my problems do stem from uh what I've
had to use to capture gameplay from a
3DS for extended periods of time my
original capture 3DS was a new 2DS XL
and that did the job until it didn't it
broke so uh I had to find this uh Rat
2DS unit that was a capture unit I hated
that thing it was awful but you know
what I did I bought a new inbox flame
red 3DS that's what this guy is and I
sent this in to get modded
and uh yeah it it runs perfectly but uh
like I said you know like after playing
on this for extended periods of time uh
you know I'm pretty I'm pretty tired of
it especially the screen size the screen
size I'm like man like this really made
me appreciate the XL systems even more
because this right here is what followed
after the original 3DS the Nintendo 3DS
XL all right you ready for this
Jesus there's something about the screen
size man that just seems like so jumbo I
mean that's the whole point it's a 3DS
XL but it still kind of catches me off
guard uh I I saved up for this one I I
remember just saving up throughout the
entire summer of 2012 I had like 200
bucks I don't even think I was saving up
specifically for the 3DS XL I just had
$200 and I thought hey why the hell not
I think I deserve to treat myself I was
not very smart with my money I would
have told myself these days is just like
yeah the 3DS XL feels nicer to use but
it's like you already have a 3DS just
use that use that $200 for like a
separate gaming system or something uh
no I bought this uh for $200 so the
original 3DS cost $250 at launch then
they dropped the price after they
realized that was a dumb mistake later
retailed for 170 bucks so this was a $30
increase from the original 3DS's price
point at that moment in time and
Nintendo is definitely positioning the
3DS XL pretty much as like the
professional version of the 3DS which
made for an interesting difference
between this and the Nintendo DSi XL
because the Nintendo DSi XL was marketed
towards my grandfather that was like oh
here's an XL for your for your old ass
eyes who can't see anything anymore and
the 3DS XL was like this is an XL
because oh my God your hands are so big
oh my gosh I always got a little annoyed
by uh pretty much most of the 3DS XL
video reviews I would see from people on
YouTube because uh they all pretty much
went like this you know I always really
like the 3DS but I decided I would get
this because you know I I I got big
hands you know and when you got big
hands you you need something it's they
always worded it like that you know I
got I got big hands you know so it's
just like this is just what you need
when you got big hands I'm like stop
bragging I don't even know if I have big
hands I just know this feels better in
my hands the 3DS XL was definitely an
upgrade in terms of ergonomics uh from
the original 3DS though I will say
everything does feel a little cheaper
feels like they were cost cutting with a
lot of certain things I mean like just
look at the 3D slider on this in
comparison to the original 3DS how this
one they have a 3D light pop up that
tells you if something's 3D or not this
one it's chiseled into the plastic but
you know what I will say
they fixed the stylus placement it's no
longer
telescopic boo but it's pretty damn long
so you know it'll do they definitely
tried to make a couple of upgrades here
and there uh to make up for the fact
that uh this thing was $30 more
expensive and yet uh you know it it does
feel a little cheaper so uh instead of a
2 GB SD card which came bundled with the
original 3DS this originally came with a
4 GB SD card but I I threw it out in a
fit of rage apparently ooh 4 gigs
compared to 2 gigs that's insane you
what El is insane it lasts for like 30
extra minutes battery
LifeWise damn I feel like that battery
life change is just kind of based on the
fact that like there's more space now so
the battery is in fact bigger but like
30 extra minutes oh boy I do like the
feel of the buttons much better here it
just does feel a bit more substantial
especially esally the start home and
select buttons I know people were
definitely bummed by the lack of a
circle pad here uh but hey they did
release a 3DS Circle pad Pro so that
solves everything but looking back at
this this wasn't necessarily much of a
redesign as it was kind of just a bigger
3DS but it still definitely had some
redesign Tendencies I'd say it was
definitely like more redesign than the
DSi XEL was from the original DSi but
when it comes to fixing a bunch of stuff
with the 3DS I don't really know how
much it it fixed rather it did some
things differently and a lot of those
things were slightly better than the
original 3DS I do really like how they
got rid of the glossy plasticky kind of
finish that the original 3DS had for a
good chunk of the designs with this the
whole inside is black with the only uh
Color part being the bit outside this in
North America launched right alongside
new Super Mario Brothers 2 and had red
and blue colors and man I will say these
colors definitely pop especially in
person uh they do look very nice uh not
really like uh weird like glittery prom
dresses like the 3DS does I think the
3DS XL was an improvement from the
original 3DS in pretty much every way uh
my own major problem with it kind of
comes down to like oh yeah it feels a
little cheaper but that cheapness
doesn't really get in the way of
anything it just kind of felt nice to
open up the original 3DS and feel like
damn I'm this is an experience you open
up a 3DS XL and you're like yep I'm
playing 3DS today what I'm trying to say
is uh they got rid of the charging
cradle in the 3DS XL box I would give
the 3DS XL unbiased like a 7 out of 10
with bias like Nostalgia wise because
you know I I I saved up my hard earned
money to get this I would give it like a
7.5 out of 10 I don't hold like this in
nearly as high regards as the original
3DS because this was so damn cool when
it came out this was more so like all
right I already know the 3DS uh I just
kind of want like a more comfortable 3DS
so when it comes down to it I open up
this and I'm like oh man I have so many
great memories of playing this when it
was brand new uh and then I open this up
and I just
think damn that feels a lot better but
still 170 bucks 200 bucks man we need
something a little cheaper well I'm an
 this is the
2DS uh something that uh many consider a
joke this released in 2013 so we're
pretty much like a brand new 3DS model
every single year at this point it's a
little wild but yeah I mean like this
was the 3DS model released in 2013
launched right alongside Pokemon X and Y
uh and it cost
130 bucks see this feels kind of like
like a little science experiment
sometimes just the fact that like oh
yeah you know they they could have very
easily just made like a cheaper cheaper
cheaper 3DS without the 3D display um
but uh no they they went for a
completely uh different design with this
and it all kind of makes sense you know
if you're going to go for like the
cheapest possible 3DS you can do you
might as well do something like way
different so then you can keep most of
the 3DS units in production because they
all kind to serve a different purpose
this one serves the purpose of Freak the
3DS has always had like some
controversies surrounding the 3D display
I mean pretty much like everything the
3DS touched needed to have like a you
know hey the 3D display is only meant
for people you know like age seven and
up and that was a definite problem
considering Nintendo has always been
about familyfriendly
fun except for anybody under seven and
while it is pretty damn easy to just
turn the 3D to display off and just tell
your kid like hey just don't don't look
at that I mean they're a kid they're
going to flick that 3D display up they
don't give a damn is it actually safe
for their vision is it safe to drink
milk 2 days past the expiration dat
probably but it doesn't matter because
you need these legal restrictions in
place just to save your ass but I am
confident that everything is okay if I
was five I would damn well look at a 3D
display because I just drank 2day old
EXP spired milk and I'm perfectly fine
okay fine maybe the 2DS needed to exist
for young children just kind of feels
like this all created The Perfect Storm
so the 3DS uh needs to have this oh only
for kids seven and above on all of its
packaging so okay well let's remove the
3D which also reduces the price well
screw we're making something that kids
can use that's cheaper so parents will
really like that we might as well like
get rid of anything else that has always
been a problem with kids oh the hinge
the 3DS hinge kids like eat those for
fing breakfast they stomp on them break
them all the time so let's create a
tablet like 3DS it all makes all the
sense in the world doesn't mean I like
using it I do like elements of the 2DS I
think the design is incredibly smart I
think it makes a lot of sense um I don't
like using these to play video games
I've heard many people claim this is
like their most comfortable 3D yes they
they love using this thing uh I'm not
one of those people I find that the
shoulder buttons are a little too high
up for my liking uh I do like the feel
of the buttons the buttons are
incredibly soft what's really
interesting is even with the lack of 3D
it still has 3D cameras another thing
that everybody loved to note back in
2013 when this came out was a little fun
fact Nintendo gave is the fact that this
right here is just one big screen they
just put a divider in the middle I guess
it was a way to save cost I I don't know
you have a sleep switch down here since
you can't just shut the 3DS you know you
have to flick this on to put it in sleep
mode yeah I do kind of find the 2DS to
be a neat little device and it makes a
lot of sense as a budget purchase
especially when like hey you know like a
3DS game might come out and you just
really want to play that but you don't
really want to you know invest in a
whole ass system just for one game I
want to play Animal Crossing and I know
I'm only going to play Animal Crossing
well 2DS is the perfect pickup for you
especially because 130 bucks wasn't even
the lowest that it got it just kept on
going down and down and down to the
point where its final price point for
the last couple of years of the 3DS's
life was 80 bucks and that came with a
game like 2DS bundles for 80 bucks also
came with like Mario Kart 7 that was an
insane steal especially considering like
all the other stuff you could pick up on
like the 3D shop and the fact that's
played DS games and everything like that
was incredible the problem is I hate
playing on it well maybe not hate it's
just it's not really for me it's one of
these things where like I just I don't
like when there's nothing really for my
hands to do on any of these things
Stylus is at the very least uh on the
right side it's also a very long stylist
so that is awesome bias wise like
Nostalgia wise I do have Nostalgia for
this design because I remember that
fateful day when uh I I saw all of this
news online that the 2DS was a thing you
know Nintendo announced the 2DS on the
same day they announced the Wii U Deluxe
Set was getting a big price drop to
$2.99 I definitely have like a ton of
nostalgia for that 2013 era Wii U and
3DS uh generation uh so you know I look
back at the 2DS kind of fondly in that
respect uh I don't look at I don't look
at it and go like a damn like I I have
memor of this thing I'd say with bias
I'd give it a 5 out of 10 without
bias uh probably a four like I don't
really like this but I know a lot of
other people do so I can't really be
like oh my God this is the worst thing
in the world I I I don't really care for
it but I do like the feeling of the
buttons but also like there's no point
to this anymore other than if you
genuinely do find it comfortable at
least back in its Heyday you know hey
this was the cheapest 3DS option so you
have that there nowadays I guess it's
still pretty cheap but like at this
point like why not just get an original
model 3DS or a 3DS XL or something oh
it's because these exist yeah we got the
new 3DS and new 3DS XL my God yeah I
don't know who the hell ever signed off
on these names I mean like okay like
what what would you name them these are
fundamentally like the
DSi of the Nintendo 3DS family assist
systems uh pretty much you know they are
still 3DS units but you know it's kind
of taking the 3DS and kind of bringing
it a little more up to code with modern
times this design does feel very refined
it feels like you know like hey let's
take the 3DS and let's just let's just
refine every little bit of it uh and
looking at it all like yeah it's still
it's still the 3DS but uh we we got this
we got this little guy what's the deal
with this well this is this is your sea
stick it's a circle pad it's it's not a
circle pad I am still a little baffled
by this thing's existence you know like
I I've always thought like wouldn't it
make sense if you're going to do a
second Circle pad you just take
something that looks exactly like this
and you put it right here it's so simple
wh why why did they do this I I still
don't really understand this works but
that's all I can really say about it and
even then I wouldn't even really say
like it works that well the sea stick is
pretty much like a touch sensitive
little thumb eraser that you pretty much
have to like just just put your thumb on
and rock it around it doesn't move like
an analog stick it's pretty much just a
touch sensitive little nub something
that gives you like camera control and
and that's about it and it works with
circle pad Pro compatible games uh which
you know hey that's nice it's nice that
you have something built in here and you
don't have to keep using this giant ass
accessory uh on on your 3DS or 3DS XL
not your 2DS the 2DS never got a circle
pad Pro you ever think about that I do
it's why I have insomnia I always find
it interesting how like they they have
this little indent on the hinge of the
3DS where I'm like what is this for
because you know I originally thought
like it's to give the nub space when you
close the system no I think it's I think
it's for your little thumb what a weird
little bastard this is I mean it works
it does I it does what you need it to do
I guess and in addition to this we also
have a second set of shoulder buttons
here we got ZL and ZR I'm going to be
completely honest um I don't think I've
ever really used ZL and ZR in any 3DS
game pretty much any game that I have
that's utilized ZL and ZR uh I've played
on the original models
3DS uh so uh yeah I don't think I've
really ever use these things so they
pretty much just swap the placement of a
bunch of things uh for starters the
volume switch is up here I don't really
know why I mean like it's kind of fun
because you kind of have symmetry with
the 3D display and the uh you know the
volume switch you know that's kind of
neat there's nothing on the sides
anymore uh so they got rid of the
wireless switch I also got rid of the SD
card slot because now the new 3DS and
new 3DS XL use micro SD cards and the
only way you can access those is by
unscrewing the back and ripping the back
off it's the worst thing about this
it's not fun I I it like it it is it is
not a pleasurable experience to change
micro SD cards on a new 3DS system now
let's be fair here you're only really
going to do that once like how often are
you really going to be changing out SD
cards but still like moved all this
stuff around removed stuff too uh game
card slot is right down here uh because
I guess you know like hey you have to
make room for the ZL and ZR buttons and
our uh stylist is uh is down here now
yes we are no longer part of the uh
right-and stylus Master race now we're
going down here for it now it's whatever
I mean this stylus feels a little stubby
how did we get to a point where the 2DS
has a longer stylus than the new 3DS XL
like this is the big boy system feels
like I'm complaining a ton about this oh
yeah they didn't include an AC adapter
either what the hell man this thing is
just like problem after problem just a
bunch of nuisances well I mean like to
be fair a lot of these things are kind
of problems like at the start you know
when you first pick up a system after
that you know yeah the this is kind of
like the definitive 3DS first of all the
big claim to fame with this thing is
that it uses ey tracking with the 3d
effect and screen so with the 3DS and
3DS XL you would have to stare at the 3D
screen dead on for the effect to work if
you even shifted it a little bit like
that uh you know it would immediately
get double vision much like how it would
look if you were watching a 3D movie at
the movie theater without the glasses on
so the fact that like you have to stay
perfectly still with a handheld device
like yeah you are always going to have
some problems jostling things around
especially when many 3DS games utilize
the gyroscope like moving it around and
stuff well the new 3DS and new 3DS XL
use ey tracking to make it so then
things are a little more stable they
they labeled it as super stable 3D and
yeah you know it it does work and it
does make it a lot more comfortable to
play with the 3D on I usually play with
the 3D off I will say there's something
about the 3D on these screens that just
doesn't feel as substantial like I said
as the original 3DS it's just I I I
don't know like it just doesn't feel as
good it's still good it still works but
you know there's just something about it
man but I'll take some slightly less
impressive 3D uh if that means that uh I
can slightly move it just like a
centimeter and it still like remains
like actually 3D uh any day over uh oh
yeah the 3D is a little more a little
more poppy here uh but I can't move it
this way in addition spec-wise the new
3DS systems are definitely quite a bit
better than the original models uh
things run a lot smoother run a lot
faster back when the eShop was open uh
it was way quicker to download things
the hardware is quite a bit better to
the point where the there are a handful
of new 3DS exclusive games here we go
who the hell would have ever expected
this game of all games to be on the 3DS
uh Xenoblade Chronicles 3D was kind of
like the big poster child for new 3DS
games uh there weren't many there's only
like four of them out there and this was
like the only one for a long time back
when the eShop was up Super Nintendo
games were exclusive to new 3DS systems
so you I mean like if if you wanted to
play Super Nintendo games they were
exclusive to this which is absolutely
ridiculous there's no reason in hell why
the other 3DS system shouldn't be able
to play Super Nintendo games uh they
just made it exclusive to this thing
because they needed to give you a
goddamn reason to own one but just the
capability of playing games like this or
regular 3DS games with uh you know
faster load times better frame rates
enhanced control with the c stick and
you know extra shoulder buttons uh there
is a fair amount of reason to own a new
3DS or new 3DS XL hell you had amiibo
support you could place amiibo on the
bottom screen here and they work and
these hit in the fall of
2014 over in Japan and in early 2015
outside of Japan uh we got this right
here in February right alongside major
mask 3D Monster Hunter 4 ultimate and
pretty much what this did was replace
the original 3DS XL and original 3D
s or or it would have if they actually
release the regular new 3DS over here in
North America yeah for some reason uh
when they announced that the new 3DS XL
was uh going to be releasing here in
North America uh they didn't mention a
damn thing about the normal new 3DS
which is interesting considering there's
a fair amount unique about the regular
size new 3DS firstly uh design wise uh
this one has colored buttons which is
fun these are based on the super famicom
controller you know over here in North
America with the Super Nintendo uh we
got these purple buttons uh but over in
Europe and in Japan they got these which
is really damn cool the new 3DS XL only
has the letters colored that which is
not nearly as fun but whatever like the
main thing here is the fact that the
regular new 3DS uses face plates uh you
can swap these out which is really damn
cool one thing that's really annoying
here is the fact that the bottom here is
the same as the new 3DS XL you have to
get at this with a screwdriver pry this
off and then you can replace the face
plate at least on the very top like yeah
you can just easily replace the face
plate like that but that is so damn cool
I love the fact that they offer that um
now you know they they probably went
with the new 3DS XL only because you
know hey this is an upgraded system this
is kind of a Pro System the 3DS Pro if
you will they probably thought uh okay
well uh you know the 3DS XL here in
North America is kind of our pro version
of the original 3DS we're going to do
another pro version of the 3DS we might
as well just do the XL because if we're
going to do this one then what we're
going to have to stock a bunch of face
plates too we don't want to do that
especially considering those face plates
dig into their special edition 3DS money
at the launch of this thing not only did
it launch with like the red color and
the black color but they had a Major's
mask design they had a Monster Hunter 4
design and you know damn well there are
people that probably bought both Major's
mask and the Monster Hunter version
that's like what like 400 bucks down the
drain right there now but I just found
it so weird that like they they just
didn't even mention the the new 3DS when
they announced this thing for North
America it was just like a completely
like weird just like just doesn't even
exist uh until it did because uh
Nintendo just randomly like announced
like an animal crossing happy home
designer bundle later on in 2015 for the
regular new 3DS uh so this did launch in
North America in a couple of different
ways uh they made a few different
bundles here and there there was a Mario
3D Land bundle there was a Pokemon 20th
anniversary red and blue bundle there
was like a Black Friday one that was
like Mario themed you got like a black
one and a white one with that and the
thing is like these were consistently at
pretty good prices uh I bought this
Mario 3D Land bundle one so it came with
a white new 3DS and uh it came with uh
this Mario Maker face plate which I've
always really really loved and it was
150 bucks like 150 bucks for this super
limited weird version of the new
3DS uh and it comes with it came bundled
with Mario 3D Land it came pre-installed
and uh you got two face plates with it
uh $150 was always like a really good
deal to me and then in addition the
Black Friday Ones cost like a 100 bucks
99 bucks a pop the new 3DS XL was pretty
much always 200 bucks um and uh you know
this was always kind of like the
Mainstay 3DS from this point forward but
the new 3DS was always kind of like this
thing where it's like it it it
officially released but also like didn't
really it was a weird thing which is uh
really unfortunate considering uh this
might be my favorite 3DS I love the look
of this thing I love just the white look
uh with the colored buttons I love the
fact that you can do all these different
face plates with it uh I just I I love
it so but I got to say um the new 3DS XL
is probably the definitive 3DS to me um
I I would probably give this like an 8.5
out of 10 for like just how everything
feels um I know like you know know
there's a bunch of annoyances with this
thing but honestly those annoyances
pretty much go away once you actually
start using it bias wise I'd give this a
10 out of 10 I love this thing so using
it I'd give it like an an eight out of
10 now bias wise I'd give this one an
eight out of 10 using it I'd give an 8.5
what can I say man I prefer the XL units
just using them holding them uh
everything just feels just so so much
better it's just so much more
comfortable to have a little more wiggle
room for your hands but what if I want
this XL size but but I want dog too
here we go friendo it's the new 2DS XL
so uh after the new 3DS and 3DS XL
launched in 2014 in Japan and 2015 uh
elsewhere uh we took you know two years
off and in April of 2017 right after the
Nintendo switch launched this thing got
announced I'm I'm still confused this
retailed for1 50
bucks H what it it's pretty much just
this weird ass 3DS system a new 3DS
system so you know it does have the C
stick and you do have the zlz buttons
you know it can play your new 3DS
exclusive games and you know you get the
faster processing speeds and then all
that jazz you know you get that all with
this but what you get it all in is a far
cheaper package uh I don't really care
for this thing it's not not that it's
bad or anything it's completely usable
like if this is what you're using more
power to you it does the job but man
everything just feels so cheap I don't
really care for this design it's just a
little weird this whole like Ridge thing
it's like you have like the Nintendo
logo at an angle it looks like this is
like some kind of like t-shirt tag or
something and the camera's being on the
bottom here and then this one being on
the ridge like it's peeking out and you
crack it open and then oh my God it's a
smartphone screen who cares it's
whatever like again like it's it's fine
if this is what you're using uh it it
does the job but I I I will definitely
say the other 3DS handhelds um I can
definitely like understand their place
in the 3DS family this one uh I mean I
mean just the name alone it's just like
you're adding all of the adjectives
together the new Nintendo 2DS XL it
feels like a joke and like I'm just kind
of thinking like okay this is $150 you
know what else was $150 this thing and
it was way better and it had all the
features of this and then some outside
of the bigger displays but in my opinion
I'm just like tough if you want
bigger displays get a 3DS XL n this one
it doesn't really feel like they were
doing anything that would kind of
benefit the consumer rather doing more
stuff to benefit Nintendo in the long
run in terms of just cutting down costs
like just kind of moving towards the
future like let's let's create a 3DS
that isn't relying on a 3D display but
it can play all of the new 3DS software
and it has the faster processor all this
stuff that just kind of you know makes
it a little more futureproof uh let's
make a 2DS version of that so then you
know it saves our ass pretty much
because like yeah this wasn't really
bringing any savings onto the consumer
and it just kind of felt like it was in
this weird like Middle Ground between
different 3DS's to the point where I'm
like how are you this consumer you have
the 2DS which was 80 bucks at the time
but no I want something a little better
okay well then uh you know you could
potentially get an original 3DS or
original 3DS Xcel those would probably
cost us as like a hundred bucks or
something like no no no I want something
like brand new it's just like okay well
you can generally find new 3DS models
for 100 bucks to 150 bucks like this was
99 bucks on Black Friday no no no no no
I want something with bigger screens and
no 3D I don't like the 3D okay well I
was going to say you should get the new
3DS sell for 200 bucks at that point but
no okay here's the new 2DS XL for 150
bucks oh my God perfect i' give feel
wise like you know okay without any bias
I'd give this like a five out of 10 I
still think the original 2DS is is worse
like feel wise um but with bias in mind
i' give this like like a three I don't
like the 2DS XL much at all I think this
is just kind of a dumb thing I love that
it's a dumb thing but I think it's a
dumb thing and that's where the 3DS
lineage pretty much ended this was kind
of like the 3DS to end all
3DS's uh pretty much by the end of the
lifespan it was this and the regular 2DS
that were still on store shelves that's
a little sad especially when the entire
system's like identity for a bit there
was the fact that it was Glasses free 3D
and everything and the 3D was really
cool there were still games near the end
of its lifespan that were really taking
advantage of the 3D display I remember
stuff like Metroid Samus returns like
damn the 3D in that game was incredible
but Pasha 3D is no good anymore so let's
put these out
instead I've definitely already said it
but if you need a 3DS if you want to get
the best 3DS you can yeah I would
recommend the new 3DS XL uh this is just
going to be like the best thing to use
it runs the best it feels really good
you know the XL systems in your hands
just feel really nice it feels really
good to just access all the buttons and
uh just hold one of these but what I
would say is like my favorite one is the
regular new 3DS uh I just love how this
thing looks and uh yeah it still feels
pretty damn good uh I just think you
know like when when I play on this I'm
like oh man I love this so and then I
play on a 3dsxl and I'm like I miss the
bigger screens I would say regardless
none of these are necessarily like bad
picks you're like oh wow like why would
you use that anymore I would say like
previous Nintendo handhelds like you
know the Game Boy line of systems like
the original Game Boy and Game Boy
Pocket all that stuff I'm like yeah
those are those are pretty much just
Collectibles at this point like it's
kind of cool to see how the games play
on those uh again but you know I mean
overall you just you just get like a
Game Boy advaned SP and you're good to
go same with like the DS line of systems
like the original DS but with all the
3DS's I don't really think any of these
are particularly like unplayable or or
bad uh you know I mean like I I I do
feel like you know like I don't like how
this feels don't really like how this
feels but uh you know still I'm like
some people do like them so it's just
like that's just down to personal
preference I think unbias wise all these
are perfectly fine ways to play 3DS
games even to this day but for my money
this one's the best and this one's my
favorite
and you know like it is is a close
second best and damn only the best uh
for the best