[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Heat. Heat. N.
[Applause]
I'll kill on the roof of the world.
here on the roof of the world.
Long have we sought to this
place of seritude
to the elders promises
long of this
world
[Music]
fighttory. Long have we fought for these
lands in the shadows and the stories of
the
promised
beyond the roof of the world.
here on the roof of the
world. We are sworn to
God up here on the roof of the world.
[Applause]
[Music]
Long fought to protect this
place. These haunted dreams never
ending. Up on the roof of this
world, we will answer with victory.
Longse now take our place
beyond the roof of the
[Applause]
world. There's no turning back.
[Music]
Yeah. Hey. Hey.
[Music]
of the
[Applause]
world. The roof of the
[Music]
world on the way.
[Applause]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Hey, Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Hello everybody and welcome into the
unofficial LPL English broadcast where
we have a full slate of games today.
Yanni and Aug battery are going to be
kicking things off. As I said, Full
Slate, three games, BLG versus FPX, NTS
versus IG later. Right now, our first
game of the day, NIP versus Team, a tale
of two teams that have gone in rather
opposite directions compared to what we
thought beginning in Split. It's pretty
tough. And if we take a look at our
format, you'll kind of see that these
two teams being at the bottom doesn't
have too many implications except for
the fact that bottom six here in group
ascend have to play a single best of
five to be able to make it into
playoffs, which is top eight, which I
think the fact that there are eight
teams potentially playing in there and
one of these two teams potentially has a
chance of not making it. I think at the
beginning of the year when you said we
is probably not going to be able to make
it into playoffs, but in the form that
ninjas and pajamas look like there's a
likelihood that this team just gets
bounced out. Yeah, they looked so good
in split one. Obviously, we know the
meta was quite different then, but yeah,
Dwayne be MVP. He was making great plays
leaving PP God were doing their thing.
Uh, and you know, credit to those two,
they still are just at a bit of a
reduced rate. As you take a look at the
standings, you can see how bad it's
been. You can take a look even at the
bottom here, you know, two and seven not
so good, but uh this differential is
tough. Yeah, minus eight. You know, it's
not that far behind. Again, the the
people right above them are team WE and
so being able to fight for that spot is
really important. NIP already did beat
up on in the first round, Robin, but the
WE have just been making such a colossal
comeback. I know that you see that win
streak and it's not all that much, but
the fact that this team is potentially
on the up and up from where we had them
in split one, the first three months of
the year, not even barely winning a
single game really felt tough for this
team and they have, I think, really
bounced back in an excellent way so far.
Yeah, it's been a fantastic revival for
these guys. You know, Monkey and Vampire
specifically have really stepped it up.
Tayun has been great. wire to wire so
far has really been uh the the kind of
player that you can really rely on. As
we take a look at the team WE roster
because we got to give credit to
everybody on this squad. Taking a look,
Cuba, Monkey, Caris, Tune, and Vampire
as the starting lineup. Yeah, th this
this lineup has been really fun to watch
as we've gotten into the back half of
the season here in in Split 2. Now that
we've had more games, I think that
Vampire has really improved his own
standing and kind of becoming a
potentially top performing support here
in the region. And with Monkey now in
it, it just feels like this team has
direction. They have an idea. They have
an identity as to what they want to do
and potentially could be making it into
top five. Just need a few more tweaks
there. There are some problems here on
the roster. And I'm really looking in
the mid lane where for team we put a lot
of focus on making sure that Carus gets
some resources early. And all of this
comes down to Monkey. He this guy in the
first 3 to four minutes of the game
always feels like he's going to be doing
some kind of shenanigans. Whether it's
him walking an enemy jungle and getting
vision, whether it's him on this Z pick
here uh going around the map and trying
to steal camps and open up spots. I
think that monkey has been so creative
and I think been one of the best early
game junglers when it comes to pathing
and creative kind of walking around the
map. Yeah, it's been a real breath of
life and you know we when we saw him
come in we were like hey you know this
is nice to see him and you know maybe he
can make some sort of really really
large impact. At first it wasn't looking
so hot, but has really come into his own
with time and is starting to, as we
said, make that big impact for Team WE.
Be another cog in the machine to try and
get this team a couple of wins because
they've been all right. As we said,
three and six, couple of solid wins,
couple of really solid showings against
good teams. So, I I am actually quite
excited for them, especially in a match
up like this where last time out, yeah,
NIP, they were the favorites, but this
time, oh, Team W, they're coming to win.
We might end up actually taking the
series pretty handily here. So, we'll
have to see a little bit more. And, you
know, that that does come down to our
jungle matchup. But when we look at
these two, I'm kind of on the fence as
to where we have NIP because there's
been so many series where I in
particular, I think, have been having to
do a lot of lawyering for leave in the
AD carry position. But the team is just
not all there. It is just not working
for these guys. And that's my big
question. It's where for team where
their bot lane is on fire, jungle is
looking solid as ever. Is this actually
a series where we're going to be able to
see Ninjas Bazamas actually live up to
the hype and live up to some of the name
value or are they just going to continue
to slip and fall down the standings here
in group ascend? Well, they're hoping to
take after teams like Waybo and BLG who
have made changes. If you take a look at
the NIP roster, they have made a change
of their own AL battery. It'll be solo
kill in the top lane. The rest of the
squad still the same. AI dobby leave and
PP god rounding it out. Solo solo kill
coming on in. He it's been a while since
we were able to see this guy. I know
last year he was playing on EDG, but I
give an entire hall pass to the EDG and
IG members of last year. So, uh, but you
previously coming in from the PCS and
playing a little bit in the LDL
beforehand. Uh, we'll have to learn what
he's been kind of cooking up for this
squad. I felt like they were
overgrouping for fights, trying to lean
on their AD carry, but if we're going to
see this team do anything, if we're
going to see them actually win any more
games, I felt like something needed to
change. Yeah, it feels like they still
haven't really found their identity. You
know, their split one identity was
actually working for them pretty well.
It was, you know, Din being that
facilitator and really getting leave and
PP god going. It feels like that can
still work in split 2. It's just much
harder to execute. I think that's been a
big problem. You know, as you mentioned,
and we'll see in these clips, I mean,
they overforce for a lot of fights. If
this feels like a team that is feeling
the pressure of being where they're at
now compared to where they were in split
one, I just my my question is how did we
land on solo kill here? Because good
question. If we're being honest, AI
should have been the one that's getting
replaced this season. He he has not put
up very many carry games. I feel like in
the same way that we could have seen
like a Bichuan coming over to NIP, we
just need a mover and a shaker. I need
someone who's going to be able to kind
of push buttons, play Vive, well, and
provide engage for our team. This team
doesn't play the map particularly wide,
even with Din on the roster. We're
missing firepower in some of our solo
lanes mechanically speaking. So I I
think that with Solo coming in, he's has
some pretty big shoes to fill as he's
coming into a roster that is already
failing a lot of the hands checks that
they're putting themselves in position
for. Yeah. And you really need to be
expecting something different out of
solo kill compared to what you were
getting out of Shani because of the way
the meta shook out, right? You know, we
went from having, okay, great. We're
we're playing weak side top laners in
the first split to now, hey, you need to
actually play carry champions in the
second split or you can play like Scion
or something like that. Uh, but we want
to see like, hey, all right, maybe this
team can play meta, but that means you'd
have to really lean on solo kill. And,
you know, for coming in for the first
time here in 2025, going to be a really
tough challenge. Now, want to talk about
our featured matchup for the day. It's
got to be the junglers, right? Because
Monkey has been, as you said, the guy, a
big reason why Team W has been doing
much better than SP. Just Monkey, I
think, has has been a standout. There
was a lot of questions because in split
one they had Tenzhen and it just didn't
look like it was working. Uh this team
did not have very many leaders
especially with two Korean imports
coming in for your carry positions with
Cars and Teun from the LCK stepping in
in mid and AD carry the team what just
was not jelling. But now with Monkey, I
think his time playing on EDG last year
and uh some of the hype that was coming
out from when he was playing on EDG
youth for all those many years in the
LDL has led to this moment where he's
had to be kind of step up and prove
himself as a jungler here in this league
where Aki I think one of the weakest
members from that OMG, you know, 2023
lineup that was really exciting that had
played for multiple years now comes onto
this NIP roster. Originally, part of
that hype was that it was him and Shani,
but the topside duo hasn't been working.
The mid jungle synergy hasn't been all
there, and him and PPP god haven't
necessarily linked up or had some of
their best moments so far in 2025. So,
we come into this split, we come into
this matchup in particular, and we think
Monkey and the rest of team are favored
here. And part of these I think are are
the stats are more important. I'm
looking at that kill participation.
Monkey just being a little bit ahead of
the curve here versus AI. Yeah, just
showing that he's been a more focal
point of the team really. Aki, you know,
as you said, struggling to link with
top, mid, and their support. You know,
this is a big series now because Monkey
for him, it's for him to be like, "Hey,
listen. We lost the first time out to
this team. It was a little messy. We
could have potentially won both of these
games, but now we are in the second half
of split 2. It's time to reverse these
fortunes." And for AI, this is real
prove it, right? because now you've made
the swap up in top lane and now it's
like okay the spotlight is now heavily
on you at this point uh because the
focus is obviously going to shift
whenever a team is struggling like this
and you know they're on a six match loss
streak that is very difficult to recover
from and you know maybe like a week ago
maybe even two weeks ago we'd say hey
this could be a win for NIP but now as
you said I mean we're expecting team we
to maybe put NIP out of their misery for
the rest of this split. Yeah. And and
and the the problem that I have now is
not only are they on that six match loss
streak, they are they've they've now
crested over the first round Robin, the
first half of their games, they've
played nine series, they are two and
seven. Thankfully for group ascend,
there's no knockout. There's no you're
out of the the rest of the year like
there is in group Nirvana. But you're
thinking about what teams are you going
to be playing? And if you're at the
bottom of group ascend, you're going to
be playing the fifth, the sixth, the
seventh place team potentially in the
the group, I don't think you want to be
going up against those kinds of teams.
If you are NIP, you're already on the
slide. This is supposed to be your quote
unquote easy week. You only have one
series versus Team W. And then going
forward, your next matches after that
are Waybo and Tees. They need to find
wins and they're going to need to be
able to find it now. I feel like even if
they lose this series, this needs to be
a calibration test for Ninjas of
Pajamas. so that they can bring on solo
kill and hopefully make a resurgence in
the back half of the split. Yeah. And
you know, as we said, this team is just
complete deviation, right? Mentioned a
lot again, this this identity for them.
This is the time that they need to find
it in the second half because you're
going to get to the playin at the very
least. So, you know, it's not looking
likely you're going to hit top four.
Let's let's be honest with ourselves
here. So, at that point, it doesn't
really matter, right? Because even if
you're finishing at the bottom of of
group ascend, you're still playing, you
know what, the the third best team that
didn't make it into the top four, which
theoretically shouldn't be that big of a
difference between what we expect out of
this team. So, what I really want to see
is them sticking to their identity,
going, "Hey, going be facilitators, hard
carry bot lane. Maybe we get something
really cool out of solo kill. Dishwasher
champs for Rocky, call it a day. Maybe
that's what you can make happen. Maybe
you could take a page out of Team WE's
book because obviously it's not the same
one to one for Monkey, but this team
clearly has their identity of putting
the rock in Tun's hands and also giving
Monkey room to breathe early. When we
came into this split, we were saying,
"Okay, group ascend. You've got all of
our top teams playing and then it's FPX,
Team, and Thunder." You're playing for
you're playing for games. That's it.
You're just like, "Okay, cool. We get 18
best that we get to play 18 best of
threes. That's very nice." like I I
don't really care what happens after
that point. Uh you're playing for the
experience, the ability to to play
against and potentially scrim against
some of these higher level teams. Team
and FPX have already bucked that trend
and now as Ninjas Pajamas, you are tied
bottom of the standings with Ninjas or
with Thunder Talk. So it's already I
think Team have gone above and beyond in
terms of where we expected them here in
the standings despite them only being in
eighth. the I think the the the quality
of their wins has been a lot better and
similar to like a track record of an FPX
so far in split 2. Yeah. And they've
taken what they took a game off of tees,
right? They took a game off of anyone's
legend. Uh obviously they beat Waybo
Gaming. That was their one loss when
Waybo's been on this hot streak uh that
was, you know, kind of quelled a little
bit after losing last night to BLG. But
like this is a team that has actually
taken individual games off of very very
good teams. Yes. And you know that's
something that we have been seeing a lot
throughout the LPL as a whole and it's
really really refreshing to see because
we were kind of like ah you know are we
really going to end up seeing any crazy
upsets throughout you know split 2 or
anything like that but we've been
pleasantly surprised and uh you know
team it's crazy how we've gone from
bottom of the barrel team to like yeah
we should expect them to steamroll NIP
today and I know we kind of saw it there
when we swapped over to the live view
But we've got an entirely new set of uh
LPL graphics because guess what? We are
now in the second season of the year. We
have Spirit Bloom coming in. We've got
the rest of we got the new patch
potentially if they're willing to make
the patch change and you know we have
the new map. I think we're on the new
patch. So we're going to be playing on
uh 259 if I'm correct. Just want to make
sure. Where do we go back?
Yeah, we I'm glad that they dropped most
of the naming convention and we're just
sticking with like at least 259. But
that means that we have the new Split
Blossom skins. We're having the new map,
which means for everybody at home, we're
going to have new objectives, which
means uh for for me in particular, that
new that's coming in, huge change. Void
Grubs only spawning once at 8 minutes,
Rift Herald at 15. We might be seeing a
lot slower games here in the LPL, but
obviously we have a lot to learn. We
still have yet to see what these teams
have made of the new map. One thing that
I actually find quite interesting cuz I
haven't seen it happen yet on this new
patch is the Rift Herald base uh charge
damage when you're not piloting it has
gone up uh from from what I know. And
teams in the LPL are very much not
piloting the Rift Herald. They usually
drop it, let it get its own individual
charge. I don't know how much extra
damage it does, but we've seen a couple
of times where, you know, they think it
ends up going down and the turret ends
up sticking around for a little bit
longer than they'd like. I actually
think this might this small change might
make a sizable impact at some point in
time where we're seeing a turret go down
where previously it wouldn't. Yeah. Uh
I'll be honest, Yanni, this this already
this intro for the stage is going crazy.
We're in the home arena uh for we over
in Cion and we'll see the lockouts here.
New new stage, new stage setup, new
lights, and just a brand new meta coming
on through potentially on the cards.
Yeah, nice and fresh, right? I mean,
it's it's it's nice that they kept
Ottakon around. Obviously, anon has been
a maligned objective, right? People are
like they don't like it in the game.
They don't like uh you know, the Ottakon
that gives you the revives. Uh they
think that the flowers are a little bit
too strong. Uh, and they think that
Oticon's not an objective that's worth
stealing. Well, I think the changes they
made are actually quite interesting
because you don't have to pick up
flowers anymore. So, if you steal a
really, really good now. Before it was
like, oh, if you go in like 1v5 to go
for a steal, like what are you doing?
You're just ining. Let's go. Okay. All
right. We're doing a little bit better,
guys. Cuban uh Cuban monkey. Yeah, they
had a little bit of flourish whether
they intended to or not. Uh but the the
Oticon change, we can kind of keep
touching on that as we're waiting for
the start of draft and everything or the
start of the 1v ones I should say. Um
there is no voracious or ruinous oicon.
There's only one kind of aonound which
yeah thornbound you get all of the the
the blood pedals are now the purified
spirit pedals come on through. So you
get more experience and if you get the
oicon you get an explosive buff kind of
similar. It's it's like elder dragon
without the execute. It has that big
explosion that happens and it slows uh
enemies that are around the blast. So
hopefully we'll be able to see a little
bit of it here in in tonight's games.
Yeah, that would be pretty cool to see.
Uh again, you know, I personal
experience haven't actually played too
much uh that you know like noticed on
this new patch. I got a chance to jam a
couple of games, but uh let me tell you,
we we did not uh we did not get anon in
any way, shape, or form in over. Uh did
we in that one? In the game in the games
that I played. Yeah, I only played the
one. Oh, that's true. That's true. You
were You were just on the show. We just
hard stomped them. You just hard. I
don't know if hard stomps the word. I
that first game we played. Yes. That was
uh the the other games were not as uh
despite despite Shiby's best efforts, we
won that game. True. I mean, I was
watching my mid laner get all four put
on a big carry performance. I was just I
was just like, "Here, you want a shield?
Here's a shield. Oh, you want extra
attack range? Here's some attack range.
We're playing Millio Lucian. It's
great." Going be versus Caris. Uh, all
right.
So, one thing that we've started to
notice as split 2 has progressed is that
the 1v ones have actually made a very
very sizable impact on who actually ends
up winning the match because blue side
has been absurdly strong. Mhm. Uh, all
right. So, do we think that teams are
going to start like playing a little bit
more serious in these 1v ones and maybe
change some champion picks? There's a
couple champion picks that I'm not
really happy with. Like, I see Pantheon
getting banned. I don't think this
Pantheon's been particularly great in 1
v ones, especially because later on your
ultimate is giga useless if you get down
to the ring of fire. I wish that we saw
more people. I I think it's just really
potent in the 1 v one for It is only
other champ. I know we had a Pantheon
versus Pantheon earlier. Did you see
that effect? It also is just a a
champion that we're taking away from
Dwayne B in particular. But um Did you
see the lock in effect? Yeah, I did. Oh,
it's so cool. We're getting all new
graphics as well. Yeah. Hey, LPL's
catching up with us here on the English
side. You know, we we upgraded ours.
They get little pedals when they come on
through. Okay, this is a matchup that
we're going to at least have a lot of
fun with. We got Melee versus Melee.
We're going to get Volibar being able to
face up against Renekton. So, Volibar
and extended traits should end out
winning, but uh we'll see how Doy beat
pilots this one. He has been a bit of a
melee specialist across the board.
Volibar, a champion that is uh very
scary to fight in a 1v one. But as long
as you can, you know, dodge out on the
sky spplitter and not get caught in
that, you should be okay. I do worry
that if you commit a little too hard
with the slice and dice, uh you will be
absolutely roasted uh and turned into a
uh Louisiana southern
dishon potentially.
And again, for people who are
unfamiliar, this is our 1v one for side
selection. Uh it is the first to first
tower, first to two kills until the ring
of fire until once we get to the ring of
fire at seven minutes, then it is sudden
death. So uh it keeps us from staying in
these 1v ones for too long. And like you
were saying earlier, Yanni, blue side
has been very impactful as well as just
being the preferred side for almost the
entirety of 2025.
Yeah, it just feels like that now it's
got like way more of a pronounced impact
whereas like before we were seeing oh
you know a lot of the best teams it
didn't matter, right? They they get
they'd win the 1v one, they'd win on
blue side, they'd win on red side. See
you later, we're done, right? Uh but
it's starting to become we're starting
to see a lot more matches go all three
games and that's why it's becoming so
much crazier. Interesting thing here by
Caris is that he's opted into flash. We
don't see a whole lot of flashes.
Oh, and he has the bramble vest. That's
the one that I'm mostly looking at. The
fact that he just gets join get clapped.
Get clapped. Get clapped. He's suing
him. He flashed on him. The barrier's
there. Garris will get the first kill.
An extra 100 gold for him. But this does
get very very scary now. Off battery.
Yeah, we're we're in sudden death
territory for both of these guys. Uh
Dwayne B already starting out. He buys
immediately an executioner calling. Oh,
this mini going to get up on it. Goes
down. Pushing in. The wave is going to
push in favor of Doinby here because the
minion wave is on his side of the map.
So, it's going to uh stack and then
eventually push towards Carus. Not bad
for the Volibar. And he still has a lot
of all-in potential as we just saw,
right? Like having the the sky spplitter
as well as just having the W makes it
very difficult for Din to take extended
trades. And he has lethal tempo. We
think we're going to fight again or do
you think we're waiting to the ring of
fire? I really hope we're not.
We're getting vol.
We are getting vol at the very least
that is level four right now. So we will
go in for a short trade but caris also
hitting level four. So we can't exactly
go all the way
in.
Okay. I I I mean guys, everybody at
home's like, but when we talk about
these 1 v ones, 10 times out of 10,
they're just standing there and doing
absolutely jack nothing. So, um this is
a perfect time out for for what's going
to happen here is uh Carus is kind of
getting Oden on the trade. Donnie, how's
your day been? You know what, my day has
been really really really difficult. Uh
I you know, I was on the LPL yesterday.
Uh went immediately afterward, went to a
chiropractor appointment. Uh, I paid off
my car yesterday, which was really good.
Oh, let's go. That's good. Hold on.
Okay, we're still fine. Although is
taking the damage. Here comes the
Ignite. Yeah, this game is over. Dining
B wins the one v one. Didn't even need
Dominus for that one. What? What?
Caris, you're the chosen one. It looked
so good. You know what? One of the
matchups coming into today was that, you
know, Doy isn't performing up to snuff
mechanically. Carus has been a bit of a
weak link for we but hopefully the
scales have tipped in his favor with how
they've been performing recently. What
this is not an encouraging sign al
battery. No, but maybe maybe he was
giving him a freebie. Maybe he just
Carus maybe really hates the 1v one and
he's like I want to I want to play on
the new rift. I want to play on the the
green revitalized map. I don't want to
play on the the the dirt uh the dirt
colored Noxis map. None of that anymore.
Listen, he knew old man Dwayne B needed
needed a dub here. He was like, you
know, we respect that. Got to go back to
his kids real quick. He's like, hey, go
take care of your son. Go have fun. Go
have fun back at home.
Oh man, just you know it, you know, it's
really crazy because if you beat him in
the one v one, like if you get if you
beat Doy in the one v one and you ever
meet one of his kids, you could be like,
"Hello, grandchild. Oh yeah, cuz your
father's my son." Yep. There you go.
There you go. It's a great line of
lineage that you can kind of call upon
for uh playing against Dwayne B. So, uh
we're coming into this. We just saw on
our screens NIP do decide to choose blue
side and we have a couple of different
things. Not too many champions actually
got nerfed on this patch or changed uh
pretty meaningfully. I don't know how
many Annies we're going to be getting as
she did get a a pretty sizable amount of
changes uh on the good size. Yeah. Uh I
know that Knight has it as kind of his
uh one of his pocket picks that he's had
in the past, but um we'll see what
exactly this ends up meaning for NIP.
We've been seeing across the league Nico
priority shoot up, especially for
support. So potentially that could come
into fruition. I I think it's pretty
dangerous though when we look at uh for
NIP side them picking up the the Nico. I
think that PP God has not been too
precise when it comes to non-tank engage
or support champions. Yeah, and I think
the one interesting thing is that
Kalista did catch some nerfs. Uh not
massive, but a little bit less health uh
lower base AD as well. So, if you get
put in a poke versus poke, obviously
Kalista, Nico like to have a linked up
combo, uh you might be in a little bit
of a rougher way there, but we've
started to see a lot of Nico come
through with a Kai'Sa. You're going to
see Vice slide through the bands and
quickly get locked in Froaky. I think
this kind of makes sense with how
everybody bands against NIP. Gallo and
Rise are perma bands against Dwayne B a
lot of the time. So, the fact that Rise
makes it or that Vi makes it on through
is not incredibly too surprising. Rumble
should be the deacto best top laner
outside him and Jace, especially with
some of those Gwen nerfs coming on
through harming some of her AD matchups.
And we're also taking away the Kai'Sa. I
think a big takeaway from leave as well
as being one of Tayun's best champions
so
far. And now if you're team we have to
put together the rest of the dive comp.
Already seeing the Nico potentially
getting locked in here as a takeaway for
that Kaiso. We'll see what NIP wants to
put together here because already you're
looking really good getting to the
backline. Going to put solo kill on the
big tank on the Scion. Maybe make some
chaos happen later in the fights. All
right, NIP have some very good pick
coming on through. I think that their
engagements coming into fights very
solid. You have enough front line with
this Scion as well can get chewed on. Uh
but we're talking about top lane
matchups. I think that NIP are perfectly
fine with putting solo kill on this
Scion and him being able to hold his
own. A great neutralizer versus the
Rumble. And a lot of setup now coming in
for W with this Rumble and this Rea
should have free time to kind of hit and
going to be a big focus coming in into
this team and into this match. I wonder
if team is going to ban the Kalista. I
do wonder if they're they're like, "Hey,
you know, these Kalista nerfs while
sizable, uh they're, you know, you just
don't want to see it paired up with the
Nico because we know that combination is
very deadly. You want to make sure that
the Kai'Sa gets out of lane safely. Tia
going to get banned. So, they're still
focusing the Dwayne B facilitator
champions that he's been so legendary
on.
Tilly is fine. And also, I think you're
you have to be a little bit afraid of
Carus' champion pool getting pinched
here. Both of these mid laners have very
precise champions that they like to be
on. So, taking that away might end up
harming them. So, we are seeing Nefiri
ban. I don't know if I like this,
especially with both Rise and Tia
already taken off the table. I think
they're just worried of giving it to
Monkey. He's a guy who's been playing a
lot better, playing with a lot of
confidence, it looks like, and it's been
a champion pick he's been pretty solid
on. I I agree with you. Stylistically
wise, it wouldn't fit super well, but I
guess NIP at this point when you're two
and seven, you do anything you can to
make sure that there's less power out of
the hands that he plays with you.
So many mages gone. Azir for
real to Leah. I mean, what what is Yeah.
What is Do I mean Pantheon, they bandit
themselves. So,
in terms of jungling Oriana, maybe uh
are we giving R5 to Monkey? I don't know
if I like this. Scarnner should be up
and available and I think you're fine
with that versus the VI. You could go
for Wukong uh if we're talking about for
for Monkey and some of his champion
pools. All right, we're going for the
Aurora. Great setup. A lot of upfront
damage coming in for this WE squad. So,
some setup here from the jungle is
probably going to be very nice, but
they're going to have uh some some
decent lanes to be able to push on. And
hopefully Monkeyy's able to do a little
bit of magic in the early game.
See what NIP is going to put together.
If they're going to go and give a little
bit of extra time to their AD carry or
to their mid laner. Already seeing the
Ari get hovered. It would be a totally
fine pick. Very strong combination with
the Vi. A classic one that can get a lot
of work done in the mid game that will
be locked in here. So NIP just looking
for an AD carry to round themselves out.
Probably going to be the MF.
Um, we have seen a couple of different
AD carries, but I think having both the
Nico uh being paired away from the uh
Zia or the Kai'Sa would make sure that
NIP can try to leverage some of that
all-in potential. Now that they have
this Ari alongside the Vai, it seems
like NIP are really just trying to find
damage on that first pick, find that
first person out of position and we go
for that last pick, Scarnner. So when we
look at Ninja Pajamas and what their
composition wants to be able to use,
it's have Dwayne B and AI roam around
the map very early on, win out those
skirmishes in the mid jungle 2v2s and
take over these side lanes. Whereas
for they have a little bit of a slower
composition. You're going to have Aurora
trying to get most multiple of those
combos with her passive and obviously
Tayun on this Kai'Sa has a very big job
of being able to take down this Scion.
Yeah, and Cub and Carus are going to
have really big roles in these team
fights because you're really going to
need to make sure you're getting good
ultimates off the between worlds and the
equalizer. Obviously, Monkey can help
out a little bit and kind of cook
multiple members over that equalizer.
Uh, but you know, if you're missing out
on these ultimates or they're not
fantastic, you're going to be missing a
lot of damage that you're going to need
to try to keep the rest of NIP out of
the composition. I really like what NIP
has put together as a whole in terms of
cohesiveness. It feels very easy to play
and feels in the style of some of these
players.
Okay. I mean, it it makes sense for the
style. I am a little bit worried again,
new patch, right? We're playing on the
new Spirit Blossom map, which does mean
that there are no two sets of grubs, the
feats of strength or for for counting
towards feats, you have to take two out
of the three grubs that spawn. And with
Rift Herald being pushed back to 15
minutes, we'll see how both of these
teams actually acclimate to be able to
summon the void mites, you need to be
able to get three. Um, I don't know. I I
I think I really like Team W if they're
able to grab those grubs early on. Yeah,
this does kind of hurt them though
because based on the kind of team that
they have and the power of their
ultimates, not having two
grub, Let me stop.
Oh, what is this? this.
They're saving us from the dog the dog
map. That was the Noxis map. The map. Oh
my god. I'll give a lot of credit. The
Noxy map was pretty cool for a little
bit. It got a little old really quick.
Um, but you know, still shout out
because it was cool change, but like
this is sick. I'm so Donnie, they made
the map woke. Let's go.
[Applause]
All right, not too many GIOs in the the
home arena here at Tion, but beautiful
map. This feels like old League of
Legends again. There's greens in the map
again. There's blues. How I missed you,
Summoner Rift. How I missed you so
much. Um before we we get uh we get Team
W coming down here and forcing on NIP
and anything happening. Um, having one
less scrub fight does actually hurt Team
in my opinion because of their strong
ultimates and their ability that they
can control some of these team fights
with these ultimates. There's going to
be one less big team fight unless these
teams decide to fight over nothing.
Yeah, hopefully this actually ends up
helping Ninja Pajamas. Yeah. So, we'll
see what they end up going for. We're
going to have jungler starting on the
same side of the map, but I want to keep
a specific focus on Monkey in this early
game. We highlighted in the pre-show,
his early pathing has been really
creative and being able to open up some
angles and how Team Wag their mid laner
to try to help him in the early game has
been very important. Knight already down
on PP got as he takes the rough end of a
trade and yeah, you're absolutely right
about Monkey and especially on a
champion like Scarnner like he's already
good at taking creative paths on
champions that can't cheat a mobility,
right? He just gets to go through
whatever wall he wants. Yep. So, he'll
be surprised showing up maybe getting
some kills and getting teamw ahead.
So, right now, AI does have a slight
lead and this bottom lane, it started
off so well for them. You would think
that with the double range bot lane of
NIP that you'd be in a very good spot,
but with how they were pushing early,
they actually do lose access to this
wave and Tayun taking a pop blossom a
little too early means that uh or the
the blossoming blooms does mean he kind
of goes down a little bit and it's
pretty meaningful especially if they
keep them trapped under this lane with
uh AI heading on down potentially opens
up a dive angle in a few moments time.
Nothing too crazy going on early, but
Aki has been spotted on twice now. So,
we'll see if Monkey is going to use that
to his advantage. Maybe try to make a
play here, although leaving PPG pushing
up steadily. AI looking for a bit of an
invade here onto
Monkey. He is on vision this time. Tayun
is walking back. Still level one.
Actually ended up taking a full recall
here. So, he comes back to base. They're
not going to defend his camps. Monkey
has the smite. Let's see who wins it.
Smite fight. Monkey lost it. Yep. No.
Oh, wait. Monkey won it. He won it. He
won it. And Aki is now level three. This
is a problem. Nice block there.
Monkeyy's going to flash away. Vampire's
going to go in a little bit disconnected
though. Coming through. And Vampire's
taking way too much damage. He'll go
down. First blood over to Leave, but
guess what? They're on the wrong side of
the map. Show up and he hit that big
charm. Monkeyy's getting low. Monkeyy's
got to try to fight through and he just
can't as gets the kill. Leave has come
back. Aki goes down, but more kills are
happening. Already claiming the feats of
warfare less than four minutes into the
game. Do's got a blue buff and a red
buff. Doy should have went and tried to
take him down, but he'll walk it out
with his two kills. Caris just had no
mana coming into that fight. And then
after a couple of those flashes, NIB end
up claiming the feats of strength there
or the feats of warfare. Really good job
coming out from them. you you cannot be
taking extended trades versus a Corki
and a Nico early. The bottom lane of NIP
had first move here. There's a good
start coming in from Monkey. The fact
that they're not able to catch Aki early
on should have potentially dissuaded
them from this. But look at where Carus
is. Cars has no damage. He's going over
this wall. He has to use his flash. This
is just a a very very blatant
observation of mispositioning from some
of the members of Team W. Yeah, it was a
nice play by PPG God as well to get that
route down. Means that monkey had a
harder time getting in to try to bail
out Vampire. Bit of an early
miscommunication on Team and NIP will
certainly take that into their back
pockets. 700 gold lead, not a whole lot
right now, but leave has been
kickstarted against the Kaiser. Leave
and do in particular now kind of making
up for uh some small discrepancies here.
I'm very sad I am currently seeing a
Triforce Corki build. though will mean
the first dragon goes over to NIP and
hey we have nothing to play for right
there's no grubs that are spawning grubs
don't spawn for another 3 minutes here
so they're just going to have to farm up
try to find their waves they're trying
to contest but they're going to lose
access to this bottom lane wave doesn't
have level six and this is tough is just
going to go in for it and vampire is
still level two I mean PP god just
beating the tar out of him this dragon
is going to be available for teamw if
they want it looks like they're going to
be forced off so will loop all the way
around and he will pick it up himself as
Tayun could not join. And Vampire taking
a recall. Oh no, he is so poor this
game. He he has literally no he's about
to tick over to level three, but I mean
thankfully for him is thankfully has a
you know very very good base kit. He
already has the two the the two spells
you kind of need on Re which is the Q
and the crash down. Aside from that
doesn't seem like that's all that bad.
Uh Tayune does get a little bit of a
solo experience, so not all that uh kind
of punishing, but first dragon does go
over to NIP. And now they're going to be
able to continue to push onto this top
side. I mean, Grub spawning in a minute
and a half. There's still some summoner
spells missing from both sides. Unless
there's something that really breaks
this game. NIP are looking on track to
continue their gold advantage. Yeah,
that's why I'm really concerned for
vampires that eventually this fight is
going to happen over a grubs if team
want to take it and you're going to just
have a very underleveled support against
a corki that does a lot of good early
damage and duality and keep god that'll
be able to pour a lot into him. We're
seeing on the top side AI stealing away
some camps from monkey. A uh a tough
thing to see especially for how much
that we praise Monkey but Aki you know
he has mid one a whole lot. Monkey is
six now.
Well, Carus has to be careful. He's
walking in. Vampire T fighting. Oh,
yeah. PP God. He's been ignited. He will
be able to get away. He turns level
five. Be looking for a quick turn around
here. Lots of good damage coming out.
They've got good range advantage once
you're running away. It's pretty easy.
Yeah. And also just Nico's base damage
right now is really disgusting. He
literally has a single amp tome and
already was uh doing about 100 damage
there. So, a big wave that's going to be
crashed in by leave and the rest of
NIP's bottom lane. Was a single camp
that was taken and we're actually seeing
right now there was a potential dive to
try to force them out. Tun doesn't know
where this uh this AI is. So, why not?
Another plate going over. Dump's like,
I'm going to make this worth my time.
Actually, I'm going to go ahead and take
this. Looks like he's actually going to
take control of this wave, let his
bottom lane recall and take control of
mid and then have NIP in position to try
to fight for these first set of grubs. I
mean, Ari can move over very fast and
that'll be another wave missed out by
Team. Yeah, and Doby if he just deploys
on mid, he'll get there first, right?
Caris doesn't have that teleport. He's
got to go clean up this wave. Probably
shove another one out. So, look how
flashing away. I think Monkey stopped a
little short before that. Yeah, I think
just being a bit afraid. Okay, so Ari
instead missing out on this. Cars will
not be able to teleport. NIP are just
going to be able to grab all these
grubs. Vampire might be able to wrap
around, but I think this is a huge win
now coming in for Ninjas and Pajamas.
They might they they're training a wave
bottom lane. They have priority from
both top and mid lane. They're going to
get all of these and now they'll have
two feats of strength completed or at
least most of the feats of epic monster
slaying. And now they'll be able to
summon void mites coming in for ninjas
of pajamas. Yep, you get the void might
on three grubs now. That one will be
secured for them. The next dragon up in
about 2 minutes time. And NIP are
humming along nicely right now. Done
just waiting on him to go and make that
big play that we know that he can to
really have NIP have full control.
Dragon spawning in 2 minutes time. are
seeing first items starting to get
completed here as despite having uh Doby
get those first two kills. It is
actually Carus finishing his first item
mostly focusing on uh picking up minion
waves obviously dropped the midwave to
try to help out his bottom lane. We're
seeing NIP right now still play through
the mid lane with their bottom lane duo
double range bot lane and with where the
experience is right now. You are really
happy with what you have from NIP. I
don't think we should be looking to
contest this bottom lane at all. You
have a Nico that has pop blossom. This
is unplayable right now.
So difficult as you said off
battery small level lead right now.
Actually, he's got a full level lead uh
over D right now. That is that's pretty
shocking honestly especially with those
two early kills. He's got the full item
lead too. So, you know, maybe this next
fight for team might not be as bad. He's
just going to need a lot of heavy
lifting out of Caris. Like he needs to
make the play. Yes. And that's been the
question I think for Team all split too
long because we've seen Tayun pull off
carry performances. We've had Monkey I
think step up as a leader. But when
you're one of these big, especially as
an import coming into the league, you
need to prove that you're much better
than any of the domestic talent that was
potentially available. And for Caris, he
had a middling time in LCK in terms of
his career. So he needs to be able to
kind of show out and also prove that he
belongs to be able to play in this
league going forward. I think that uh
despite we finding a lot of success
recently, one of the things that has
hampered them has been Carus in his
firepower or lack thereof. And we'll
have to see if he can kind of carry this
one as Tayun's recalling. Scarnner's
only just now moving to this side of the
map. This this is tough. Tayun had to
cancel his I don't think this is a real
fight, guys.
Well, Team W sometimes they uh they're
more than they're dropping a midwave. I
mean, my support's still level five. All
right, this is an interesting choice. Is
Monkey going to get in here? Go
immediately onto the Corki and they blow
him up. Tay the wall. He's going to get
the shot down. Impale forces out a
couple of flashes. Teleport coming in.
Solo kill in a bad way. He's got the
away. So now it's a
5v4. See if NIP wants to stick around to
try and steal this dragon away. Pot
still has that pop blossom available,
but so healthy right now. He has no
flash on this. Nico Ari looking for the
ultimate. Good charm lands. Good damage
on the cube.
And equalizer going to split up the
fight between worlds for car just to get
a little bit of extra damage and they
will secure the dragon. So they split
them one a piece. Okay, but Carus has
traded a lot of that gold that we were
talking about that was in his favor for
this bottom lane and as Ninjas and
Bajamas. They're the ones that have the
void might. So that's more plates on
this bottom lane turret going down. PP
God, I think he's probably fine. There
wasn't enough damage there. So low. Oh,
wait. He went back on the backside.
forces the flash on Caris and Carris is
going to be able to slip out the back
and they're going to at least put their
sights onto Vampire. The kill goes over
to Ay. It ends up being a one for one.
I'll bet very awkward. And now it slows
down the game. We don't have very many
objectives to play for for the next few
moments. But just that the fact that PP
got ended up stepping back up there and
then wastes ultimate. Don't think it's
going to be too impactful, but it is
another kill going over to one of these
mid laners as it feels like Dwayne B and
Cars kind of putting on a a show as to
who exactly is going to have a bigger
carry, bigger influence. Not even just
ignoring the bottom lane right now with
how much of an advantage Leaf has. Yeah,
it is a big advantage. But as we all
know, Kai'Sa later on in the game will
be mighty strong. It's just a matter of
NIP taking advantage before she gets to
that point. They certainly were, but
it's starting to slow up a little bit.
Tew has turned it around after making
that big pick play, taking away that
dragon. Now we're looking for Herald and
just over two minutes. You know, again,
every fight for Team is going to be so
important because of the strength of
their
ultimates. And how we actually end up
playing the map will have a big impact
in terms of NIP just being able to
always say we can threaten on a side
lane. You always have to be able to
match us. You can see right now that DB
is playing in between mid and bottom
lane, which is starting to become an
issue. The reason why had Cars had an
advantage to begin with was because of
the fact that DOB was spending a lot of
time out of the lane. He's able to pick
up this bottom lane uh minion wave that
is coming on through
and we're not getting much. We're we're
kind of in a stalemate right now as
we're waiting for more items. Again,
there's nothing to play for. Part of
just having the new map and changing up
some of the objective timers. Rift
spawning in a minute and 30.
Yeah, it's so strange to just have these
new timers after focusing so hard and
seeing how the meta really shaped up. I
mean, you know, these are impactful
enough changes that hey, who knows?
Maybe we could see one of our top teams
struggle with uh any sort of adaptation
right now. NIP, they're looking to make
a multi-man play. Looks like they'll
back off and head back to the mid lane
with their bot lane. AI will get the
heck out of dodge as team were ready for
it.
deploying back out onto the map here.
DOM's got to be a little bit careful. It
seems like we are forcing really hard
here, guys. All right, they're not
missing out on too much. Uh leave has
Tayun's picking up the mid wave. Remble
has just been shoving waves into solo
kill on repeat. So maybe just buying
themselves a a timer here as we get a
pause.
Yay.
Yippee. Wouldn't be a ninjas of pajama
series if we didn't have at least one
technical pause. Oh, without a doubt. I
wonder what the pause was for. You know,
I didn't really see anything super
crazy. So, maybe just a peripheral
issue, uh, perhaps, but so far, uh,
pretty slow. I I Yeah, a little slow
pace. We haven't really seen any big
side lane plays. Not sure if we were
really expecting anything like that to
happen, but I mean, Cube has had a
really free game as you just mentioned.
I mean, he's up like 30 CS on this
Rumble champion that is exposable at
times, but you just don't have a whole
lot of damage between your top and
jungle. Yeah. And also, just these two
teams haven't been like our our macro
oriented teams, right? True. Ninjas and
Pajamas, their their hallmark to fame so
far in LPL this year has been we're
going to fight you. We're going to fight
you often and hopefully you're ready for
that and we're we're going to try and
play around the fact that these
objectives spawn every two to three
minutes. Whereas for we kind of a
similar thing. I I haven't necessarily
loved how they kind of allocate their
side lanes earlier on into the year and
they've had to kind of get a little cute
with how they play League of Legends
here in the LPL and that has led to a
couple of their wins. We're back in game
thankfully. A very very quickly resolved
issue here from the
LPL. All right, 25 seconds until this
Rift Herald spawns. We see a lot of team
pings on it right now. AI on the bottom
side of the map. They're deploying solo
kill down there as well.
Solo kill will be able to make it even
if he uses TP or just his ultimate. What
I'm looking at right now is summoner
spells. Looks like flashes across the
board outside of Carus are going to be
coming up in a moment's time. So
thankfully Aurora is a champion that
doesn't necessarily need that ultimate
but or need that flash but very
important. The biggest objective lead
that we have right now is in the the
bottom lane. leave almost 30 to 40 CS up
on his opponent. Already has a Trinity
Force, a very big spike, but we'll we'll
see as they've gone pushing top side.
They're going to maybe drop another
midwave here, which does harm.
NIP an opportunity here perhaps to get
on Tayun here as Lee and Aki are going
to get the job done. But Tayun with the
wisely to PP God, he dies and can't make
an impact. Scion coming through. Big
knock up as a target out vampire. He
goes down. Carrie's going to go between
worlds. Aki's on the back side of the
fight as Leaf wants to charge forward
and get the job done. Equalizer comes
down to slow them up and do a little bit
of damage, but Team W is completely
split off. Carris and Monkey are not
healthy. Tayun's got to get away. Cube
is forced to flash and NIP can take this
Herald if they want to give themselves
feats. I think it's tough though. I
mean, there's no ultimate coming in from
PP God and you have Vampire who's coming
back onto the map. He can have a lot
more influence. Do misses out on that
engage. Forces out Monkey for the time
being. Can they contest on the bounce
though? More importantly for me, they
use so many of their resources, try to
blow up Vampire and Tayun. Tayun does
survive and has both of his summoner
spells. They're going to instead take
their recalls. It's going to be the
Herald, which is a big win for NIP. They
already have the void grub spawning in
the void mine. So, the next turret that
they want looks like they're going to
give that gold overg to join me and
they're going to try to take this top
lane tier one. Yeah, immediately ripping
it here. You know, there's an objective
on the bottom side of the map, so we'll
see what the move is. Going to get AI
piloting this one. Getting the robot
gets it down to about half HP. The rest
of the team will clean that one up and
spread the love around as Twitch chat
helping him out. Taking down that
turret. Yes, you Twitch chat doing a
good job. Good job with the void mites.
All of Twitch chat helping out NIP in
their wins. Twitch chat does it again.
They're they're a fan favorite, right?
Any team that has join B, I think the
international fans, especially here in
the English community, are going to
definitely enjoy that one. So, we will
be able to trade on one side of the map
very much advantaged towards ninjas and
pajamas though. They have those void
mites and using that herald. They get a
tier 2 in top lane down to half HP. They
grab two turrets and now they're going
to be able to contest. AI can steal
this. Yep. Here we go. He's going to go
all the way in. A miss smite. Good flash
from PP got a stick monkey in the wall.
Now he's going to deal with the way.
Meanwhile, Vampire with a solid engage
as Cuba is overheated and burning people
to a crisp. PB God will fall. Doy in the
back of the pit. Got to try to make a
play as Cuba's getting low, but Caris
has joined the party and Aki goes down.
The charm onto Vampire. He's low, but
Doy, he's muddled. He can't fight out of
this one. Not enough damage coming down
as he falls. Vampire stays alive. Solo
kill flashes after him, but he falls
too. That's an ace for Team W. Zo solo Q
wanted to try to get a little bit of
revenge for some older EDG boys, but NIP
their target selection seemed off. AI
actually ended up missing the smite
there. So, another dragon going over to
the way of Team W in a team fight that
was critical for them to be able to win
here. Felt like they had been just going
back and forth. 50 HP on that dragon.
Monkey in the middle of the wall. And
then, why are we not just finishing the
kill onto Monkey? He misses his ult try
here. We're not going to even be able to
see it. All of this damage on to leave.
They've left their big AD carry off into
the side and a massive couple of
mistakes from NIP. Equalized this game.
Yeah, he misses the He hits the first
part of the queue onto Caris, misses the
low health monkey, misses the low health
vampire, not able to get his ult reset
or anything like that. And it's a damn
shame because NIP had a really nice map
sequence there and a complete disaster.
Ah, that's tough. That's tough. It makes
this game a lot harder than it needed to
be. They were already in a good
position. They could have they could
have actually just even given up the
dragon and continue to play the map. But
again, these two teams looking to brawl
where they can. We have Oticon on the
top side of the map spawning in the or
sorry, the bottom side of the map here.
Remember, new Oticon spawning. It is the
Thornbound one. So, no more of the two
different kinds. It seems like they're
going to push on this top side wave. And
if they really need to, they can
continue to have leave push in mid lane.
And now they can play on two. NIP are
feeling very comfortable with their
position in this game. Equalizer going
to go down just to make sure that this
wave does not take the turret down.
Vampire was there to back up Cube. And
yeah, things are a little tough for NIP
right now because Caris 3-1 and four had
a pretty solid fight, but Tayun the
really big beneficiary of what was a
chaotic fight. 50 and one. He's on his
two items. Spike, I mean, this guy's
going to be massive. Speaking of
massive, solo kill looking for a massive
ultimate. only going to land on a
monkey, but the turret going to help
them out. Impale goes down, but Monkey
is very, very dead. That's just the
Oticon, though. Like, why are we
contesting for this this this turret?
This doesn't matter, Monkey. All you had
to do is shadow him. Wait in fog of war.
Do not show. Provide vision for your mid
laner. You've given over a huge
objective. Now, this Stormbbound Oticon
is massive. And cool. Tayun gets a
little bit of gold. Leave has really
given up a lot of his advantage. Doby
has been dropping waves to try to play
for the team. So that's why Cars is that
further ahead. He has two items now on
this Aurora, but you get increased XP
with this Stormbbound Oticon. And now we
get a massive explosion when they take
when they have takedowns onto champions.
NIP have massive gold if they can find a
single kill, which kind of feels like
when we talked about from draft what
their composition is so adept at doing.
Yeah, you can Well, you can see if you
know Chinese, you can read this. If you
know Mandarin, you can try to read that
one. But that's not me. Yeah, one thing
to point out is NIP didn't really have a
whole lot of spirit pedals to begin
with. So, they're not getting as big of
a benefit from this, at least in terms
of raw exp and raw power. However, they
are going to get quite a bit more with
that uh with that execute and how big
that's going to be.
Okay. Uh oh, hi. Hello. Hello there,
Flashbang. Hello there.
Maybe I should grab my lightsaber. Oh,
hey team fight. Get ready. All right,
here we go. Monkey with a big impale.
Knocks coming, but guess what? Team WE
are just absolutely rolling over NIP.
It's a double kill for Monkey. Be
damned. This is going to help you out
when they don't die. Uh, okay. LPL
observers, please give us a replay. I
don't know what happened there. I'm
going to assume we got a a bit owned by
the feed that we get from LPL. I I'm
waiting for the replay on that one. I
don't know how we got caught. Doing is
on top side. Now we lose access on mid.
We continuing to fight back on this one.
NIP, it feels like one step forward, two
steps back with this team. Always making
a mistake and continuing to lose
themselves in this game.
It just became really tough when your AD
carry and your mid laner just lost their
advantages that they had. I mean, Doy
was, you know, two kills so early. As
we'll take a look at this fight before
we get into that,
it's literally just AI getting picked.
He's off on the side. All right. So,
maybe he felt bad for the Oticon play
where he was like, "Hey, you know,
monkey, we took out you. We got picked.
Here you go. I I'll give you one."
There's not much of a consequence here.
It does seem like the dragon is
spawning. NIP are first to the play and
they do have a lot of their ultimates.
Whereas Team have to wait on some of
them right now, especially that Killer
Instinct. It's just going to be a tied
up two for two. Pretty big win, I think,
for NIP despite how this game has been
going and the gold lead that Team have
been able to get for themselves.
NIP is going to have to try to get out
somehow, right? You don't really have a
whole lot of real estate. They're on the
wrong side of the map. It looks like
they'll just take some recalls. No,
looks like solo kill will try to escort
them in. Aki waiting around the red buff
crevice here. Solo kill wants to walk
in. Doing going to try to link up with
the team as well. Going in straight for
Carish. Charm goes down. Big pop.
Blossom too with the equalizer, but the
impale. They're cooking them. They're
cooking them. Double kill for Cube.
Triple kill for Cube. Solo kill. and
going be have to run scared as Tun to
the back line looking to get some extra
damage as the turret will fall and Team
continuing to push hard. The fact that
this is the team that didn't get Oticon
that didn't get all of the grubs that
actually lost out on this next dragon
that just spawned, winning a huge team
fight. Cube and Monkey synergizing with
their ultimates incredibly well. A
fantastic combo coming in from we that
now nets them 4 and a half thousand
gold. More turrets in mid lane. We check
this replay. I think this was incredible
how they played around vision. Caris not
giving them any kind of spot that they
know that this re is here even though
it's buffered by AI in this ultimate
from PP God is so well placed. This
equalizer combo with this Scarnner
baking the rest of team NIP and getting
the flash out from this Corki. Important
win there for we as we go forward with
the Baron spawning in 50 seconds. And
now it's a 4,000 gold lead for team.
They've continued to make big plays.
Teleport coming in. Doy misses the
charm. He's going to be forced to ult
away. It'll be a big cool down cuz in 40
seconds as you mentioned this Baron will
be up and I'm sure team is ready and
raring to fight. Two and a half items
for Cube, two and a half items for
Caris. I mean these guys are really
strong. NIP is going to struggle hard.
Oh man. Oh
man. Okay, we're getting some we're
getting some fun stuff here. The fact
that NIP potentially could lose this
game. You look at the AD carries. We
said that Teoon was behind, but he's
been able to pick up kills, equalize a
lot of that gold and CS lead. He's
actually an entire level up items.
Vampires, they're just going to go in on
solo kill. Teleport coming in to split
off the rest of NIP, but now they might
be able to turn onto Caris. He goes in.
He goes between worlds, but he went
back. Oh my god, he just went down. And
here's the knockups coming through for
solo kill. Impale is on to leave. The
key target is down as Tu gets into the
fight. Solo kill is low. He's a zombie
and he will just try to beat on the
members of Team W, but he can't as we
will go all the way back and take the
Baron. No, they could take this
incredibly quickly. Not with Cub and
Vampire recalling though. I think with
Vi, you have Ari ultimate coming back
up. This is risky from Team W. Teleports
coming in. They need to get out of this
objective. They're going to re-engage.
What? seen a lot. They found PB for
free. Oh my god. BB gun took a lot of
damage and now Doy hitting a big charm.
To save, but a big stun. Do you melee
rage and now he's stuck. He's trying to
get out on the second part of the queue.
It does not get a kill. The charm, but
he's running out. You taser, taser,
taser as cube will get the ace for his
squad, but no baron to be had. Monkey
survives. Vampire drops and we command a
6,000 gold lead up against NIP. The
fighting is just not working. Leave and
PBG are getting caught on repeat and it
is making this game incredibly difficult
for them to play.
This is tough. I mean, look what happens
here. All right, this is just fantastic
from Vampire. Man, I I love what we've
gotten from Vampire. I'm glad that he's
kind of reformed his image and started
to play a lot better. Same can be said
about a large majority of this WE
roster. The fact that they get no kills
here. I thought this was already very
risky. Done be only getting one. The
fact that this Q barely misses out. Does
not kill. He actually gets a shield
monkey. Oh, lifesaver there. And another
ace coming through for team.
It's moments like that where you feel
like, man, I guess everything's just
going wrong for me today. No, you went
into melee range, join B. Shame on you.
Vampire and the rest of team absolutely
punishing that. 50 seconds until this
next dragon is up. Teams are at two a
piece. So don't anticipate any crazy
trades happening. But again, that baron
looms large over the heads of NIP. Team
sniffing for a play in the mid lane.
Okay, got a little bit of time. Dragon
spawning in 30. There will be soul point
for either of these teams if they can
pick it up. Baron obviously could be on
the cards if either of these teams feel
like it. It does feel like it's a little
bit easier for Team W with just having
that Kai'Sa, but uh with where Ari is
right now potentially is up and
available for them. NIP playing a lot of
their vision and trying to play some
deep flanks with PB God and AI on this
top side letting Doby shove this wave.
And this is what I mean. This is what I
wanted to see from WE earlier. This
Carus, if you get to see this VOD pack,
uh Monkey, this is what shadowing is.
This is what you're doing. You're
putting yourself in a position where the
enemy isn't there. It could be a human
ward. Ai, he doesn't know. Okay, so he
sees Caris. Cube is soloing the dragon
right now. AI should have been seen
there. Yeah, they know they're the
pings. Uh-oh. He's he's there's nobody
around to help him. All right, you're
going down, Dad. There's not too much I
really have to say as Tayen will get the
kill. The dragon will go over to WE as
well. Yeah, and they just come over now.
They're like, oh, we can just take it
while he's gone. They're miss I mean is
picking up a bottom lane wave that
should have been instantly as soon as AI
gets chosen he says look go towards the
dragon take this objective now they're
going to be starting up this baron nip
no jungler to contest and Din is in
Narnia right now
yeah just like his uh his buddy Aki was
out in no man's land and now monkey is
going to go all the way in teleport
comes from the backside his cube joins
the fight equalizer goes down doing a
whole lot is able to get to the side try
pumping out damage but he's just not
able too. Dwayne be kept away at arms
length. Team we winning the fight just
because they got the Baron. Uh, okay.
They get the Baron. This is pretty tough
though. I think NIP did a decent enough
job beforehand of at least pushing the
top lane wave, pushing this mid lane
wave in a little bit. So W are going to
have to spend a a tiny timer of their
Baron. A tiny portion of their Baron to
go for this. This Void Seeker man barely
revealing AI. Great vision toggle from
the LPL
observers just being able to find and
what is NIP doing on the map? I'm
looking at the mini map right now. We're
hitting midwave. You have a ward on the
dragon pit at the same time. That should
have been them looking to force on the
objective and a massive mistake from
NIP.
Now the gold lead further in the favor
of Team W. They are on Soul Point as
well as all right NIP, what do you got?
How can you delay this push? How can you
slow down this baron by team? They just
don't really have the wave clear. It's
not in their
profiles. And and now I look at the
items. Tayun on his fourth item actually
going for the gi for the guardian angel.
So making sure he doesn't go down.
Monkey also having an elixir of tenacity
in his back pocket. So he always just
gets a bonus I think 500 HP and a bunch
of tenacity as well as size. He's going
to be unkillable in these fights. Not a
lot of armor pen. There's a Leandre
coming in from going, but that's not
going to be enough. W are going to look
to try to push. They leave again.
Wrapped up. They take him down. It's a
present for Team W. They'll take the
inhibitor. They get a big minion wave
too. And members of NIP are cut off.
They do manage to kill Caris, but guess
what? Now go the nex turret. The first
Nex turret is very close to falling.
Guys, your base finally. What's going
on? Let's see. Ai off to the side. Doing
linking up with PP goten solo kill, but
Aki is still kind of stuck as a second
minion wave is coming in. But finally,
they're going to just win the game. The
rest of the team, but yeah, they're just
going to push. NIP, do something please.
PP God going in. Two pop blossom.
Thankfully, they do something. But guess
what? The nexus is exposed and it's free
hit city for
Tun right in front of their faces. What
was that? NIP. That was
terrible. What? Like why is PP got
flashing to engage on? Check notes the
full tank scarnner. Yeah, there's a
whole there's a whole ass Kaisa hitting
your nexus and DB's just sitting there
with ultimate like maybe we're getting
ready for game two. I think maybe the
team just got a little bit mad that
their AD carry stepped up a little too
far and got caught. NIP, what what was
that? It was like fine early on, right?
and they they took a couple of bad
fights, but then I mean after that
sequence where they they go and they
take the turrets and they lose the
dragon. I mean it all fell apart from
their alt battery, they looked totally
disconnected and like
dude brother like I don't really know
what to say. Like this was it was an
embarrassing game to watch. Like
honestly I I like they got the early
grubs, right? We we saw them play at
least some of these objectives fine, but
their midgame decision-making was not it
here. And that this is part of the issue
that we had coming into this split and
coming into this year uh even into this
match was that NIP having been the most
cerebral team in the LPL. You would
think with Doby being able to play the
map, he actually dropped a lot of his
minion waves, gave over an advantage to
Caris, and even with leave having a
massive advantage over his counterpart,
he got caught way too many times. And he
is the team that has the VI. You would
think that with a team that has Ari Vi,
you're not the one getting picked out,
but he is too far on these waves. I I've
I've been the leave apologist on the
broadcast. I'm like, "Okay, this guy
statistically looks like one of the best
AD carries." But it's games like these
that harm them that end up kind of
proving that to be not the case. Yeah,
he's had a nasty habit of that. Think of
the game that yes, he took it from wire
to wire on the Lucian against Top
Esports, but that game could have been
much easier. He got caught out an awful
lot there. And we see it rear its ugly
head here again. Alk Battery. I was a
little concerned with the Corgi pick. I
thought about it. I was like, they went
it looked like they were going to pick
the Zia. They ended up going with the
Corki. It was like a either the extra
protection. Uh Cork is short range, but
he's got good damage. He saw that damage
early. He was really doing a lot. But
you know, as the game progressed, as you
know, as we mentioned, it just got so
hard for him to play and he didn't do
himself any favors. So Team W, hey, big
respect to them. They play that game out
uh actually pretty well all things
considered. I'm I'm just I'm baffled.
And for Team WE, still some mistakes.
Not a perfect game from them. you know,
there there's still a lot of things for
them to work on now, especially with the
fact that there are less objectives to
fight for. I think that there there's
still some calibration coming on
through. Yeah, but dude, like I'm I'm
happy for Team WE. This this screen is
so bright. It is. There's less reds.
There's less like dark purples and and
oranges. Maybe we need to tone down some
of the color grading. Some of these are
a little hard to read. Like the cloud
drake symbol is a bit illeible, but it's
it's workable. It's workable. Yeah. I
think if they tone down the white, make
it like a like a a dimmer off-white,
it'll look really really good. This one
looks okay, you know. But this is nice.
It's, you know, it's aesthetically
pleasing when you look away from the
box. And in the box is where it starts
getting a little hard on the eyes. But
it just looks weird cuz the the the
background is like it's a shifting like
watercolor palette and then we have just
like static like off-putting white
color. Where can we get this background?
Yeah. Just uh just LPL. Let's I'm not
going to tell them to take away their
sponsor, one of their primary sponsors.
Uh move off the screen, but we could
have the the the rotator in the back.
That'd be great. Um we're going to see a
lot of highlights here. Got to think a
little bit about MVP. Um, could be
Carus. I think Monkey might get a couple
of shouts. Cube played this game. So, I
don't want to give it to Cube only
because he played Scion against Scion
most of the game. He literally was just
shoving in waves. He shows it to team
fights, drop an equalizer, and maybe
that's all you need to do as Rumble.
This equalizer is kind of sus. It's in
the middle of the wall. does absolutely
nothing here, but there's that big combo
that we were talking about around the
raptor pit that may just redeem him.
Yeah, and he actually had a pretty good
fight all things considered, missing the
equalizer. He got good damage down, you
know, NIP was coralled in the pit.
Obviously, he dies on the back end here,
you know. All right, so I don't think
I'm giving it to Caris. I think Vampire
had some good engages. I I think that he
could potentially be a candidate. I'm
not sure. It's definitely not like a a
great signature Vampire game. I think
Monkey, aside from that one time he got
picked off right at the Oticon actually
had a a largely pretty solid game. Oh
yeah. So maybe for sure maybe maybe um
we'll see. They're the bottom lane pair
for this and we're we're really excited
about Team W. They're they were the
expected favorites I think coming into
Night at least for for myself. They are
a team that has started to pick up a lot
of wins in the back half of or the back
half of the split here. And it's coming
off of the back of obviously Tayun was
already performing, but Vampire stepping
up his support play and how he roams
around the map. Monkey in particular
leading this team and being a bit
creative. I think giving them some flare
from the jungle. It hasn't been perfect,
but this is all you need from a team
that had very low expectations coming
into Split 2. Yeah. And oh, this fight
could have just went so poorly and could
have been the way that NIP is able to
get back into the game, but does not go
their way. Team just winning on inches
and I mean, o this was tough. Vampire
the one that got that last pick kick
started. And for NIP, I mean, I don't I
don't know. It feels like
they I just hate to say play better, but
like play better. Unironically, I mean,
dude, you're you're giving him the hawk
treatment to Sharpie. Damn. Just Just
win games. H I no bias bias here on the
no bias here on the broadcast. Uh but
yeah, a confident win I think for Team
WE and one where NIP even just that base
defense, man. Like I want to I I need to
be a fly on the wall. What the hell was
that, man? Just that's so uninspired.
Like they wanted to be out like they
just like whatever, let him win. Like
like that that's that's something you do
when you're mega tilted in flex Q, bro.
You don't do that on the stage. So, like
I don't know what's going on. There's
too many people that have experience on
this roster, I think, which is kind of
uh makes it a little bit worrying for
me, especially when I look at PP God and
and Din. I feel like they should have
had better eyes as to what they wanted
to do that in game. And we'll see what
the bounce back here is in game number
two. They'll have side select again.
Assume that they're going to be on blue
side yet again. Um but oh, we get new we
get a new graphic for MVP. It's Monkey.
Okay. Yeah. You know what? This is fine.
Totally fine with that. As we said,
definitely a deserving recipient of the
player of the game award now. Seven in
his back pocket. He is starting to heat
up a little bit. Yeah. All right. Well,
good job for Monkey. Big uh big leader
coming off of EDG youth and EDG last
year. Um trying to kind of rehabilitate
some of his image from that terrible
split. So hopefully we get to see a
little bit more of Monkey and a little
bit more of Team WE as they go out
through throughout the rest of Split 2.
And you'll see a little bit more of us
after the break, but before we do that,
we want to talk about how grateful we
are to our coffee and our YouTube
subscribers because you guys help us
make this show better. A lot of the
initial payments do go into upgrading
the broadcast, but a large bulk of it
pays on air talent and our content
creators. If you subscribe to our
coffee, it'll be linked in the chat.
You'll unlock perks like early access to
content, the ability to ask interview
questions for unique on-site interviews.
But with that, we're going to take a
short break. When we return, we might
have some mobile trainer before the
draft. We'll see you there.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat up
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
here. Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Welcome back everybody to the unofficial
LPL English broadcast. Yani and Al still
giving you all the action. Team WE it
was a little rough at the start but then
they kept pulling away and pulling away
and they were able to put away Ninjas in
Pajamas and they have a 10 series lead.
But before we really get back to that we
got to talk about Mobile Trainer. You
know mobile trainer new app. It'll teach
you League of Legends through a series
of puzzles or even the dodge trainer
which I know a lot of us have been
really really happy about. Just boot up
the program you can work through puzzles
every day to improve your game
knowledge. You select the puzzle from
the map, answer questions, and unlock
more features. We're going to do one
right now. Don't know if we're going to
do dodging or dodge training. I've got
it. I've taken over the mouse. And now I
have my mouse that I usually use. Oh,
okay. So, we saw AL battery yesterday
doing very well, but now is all set up
for him to have success. Lasted quite a
long time, but now he'll be on his
setup. Ezreal, the flash Q not quite
landing. You know, I really like I
really like that the champions are just
like the little the little weird shaped
body with the small head. Yeah. I mean,
I'm I'm literally you that this is just
the the the Blitzcrank body that they
have in the cl in this client. It is.
All right. So, I find it interesting
that that hooks are minus one and like
Ezreal Q's and I guess nit spears are
cuz you don't want to get hit because
like if you get hit by Ezreal Q, it's
like way less consequential in the game
versus getting Yeah, but you just don't
want to get hit. I know, but I think it
makes sense for for what it's worth.
Yeah, you know, I think it is pretty
valid. Nice dodge on that Q there. Zulk
battery had a bit of a more rough start
than he did last time out, but is now
really locked in here. Never mind. Oh,
wait. No, it is minus one if you get hit
by an N spear because that usually means
you're dead. Get by. Oh my god, you're
on your last life. You don't have flash
available. This game is actually
triggering though. No. Okay, I'm just
doing this without HP bar. Oh. Oh. Oh
no. Oh no. You're on half a heart.
You're going to get auto attacked and
die here. This game sucks. Okay. Okay.
Wait, wait, wait. Okay. I didn't beat my
timer, but we're going to do we're going
to do uh skill shot training. Sure,
sure. Sure. All right. Now, you're an AD
carry player. Uh how much Ezreal do you
play? A lot. Okay. All right. Let's see
it,
brother. Nice. You're already minus one
heart,
though. Oh, man. Minus two. Oh, boots is
getting body blocked. Oh, you're getting
body blocked, dude. What the hell is
this?
Yo, just pack it in, bro.
You're so cooked. Oh, you're much faster
now. I'm getting I'm getting owned. Is
that a temporary speed boost or is it a
perma speed boost? I don't know, bro.
I'm I'm just triggered right now. I'm
I'm actually getting Wait, I'm actually
just getting scammed. Just Just Yeah,
get out. Just All right, you're done.
You know what? You need You need more
practice. You need more practice on this
thing.
All right. Just just All right. Still
alive. Al battery. The flash spear
doesn't quite land. Needs to get that
one. Has been body blocked before.
Flashes into the hook. This game. That's
tough. Whatever, bro. Al battery, you
need a little bit of work. Maybe do
maybe do this on your own time. And you
can do it just like Battery on their own
time. Code LPL20 for a big discount. You
get 20% off if you use the code LPL20.
So, you know, have a little bit of fun
with it, right? There's a lot of really
cool things. Uh I I love the the trees
that go through all the decisions and
stuff like that. I actually think that's
really really cool. I really uh just
need to actually go and use the code
myself because I would really like to
use this. I'm sick and tired of being
stuck in
Emerald. I can't believe I got Minia
blocked. That's so cringe, bro. That's
tough. You're just like move. No, dude.
I literally Nitali is just sitting there
blocking me eating burgers and fries for
zero dollars an hour. Like at any time
you could have just cued the Nelly, bro.
Low key, I forgot. I've I've been
playing too much of the dodge trainer
where you don't have the skill shots.
Skill issue. Hey, you know, I'm glad
that our production is showing it might
be a skill issue because as we saw on
the leaderboards for our our broadcast
and our broadcast account, none of the
other prod have actually scored higher
than me. So, you know, maybe we have
just a bit of some view different
issues. So, we have NIP again on the
blue side. Game two draft on our screens
here. And again, Gallo and Riseze are
going to stay permanently banned. Same
thing with the Lucian.
Yeah, and I think this is pretty wise
here from Team W. Why not just ban those
champions? We're gonna see the Gwen come
in now. The Gwen has been nerfed just a
tad. Interested to see how weak or
strong she still is. Think she still has
a lot of the same things that we kind of
saw her before. Did get taken down on
her armor. So AD matchups, I think we
saw the Jace get taken away. We're now
going to be seeing the Ambessa come in
for cube. A lot of mobility if this
Ezreal does get locked in. And so being
able to play range is going to be nice.
Gwen does kind of like that though. I'm
not going to lie. Coming in, are we
going to see finally play Yon? This is
huge. I've been waiting to see this all
season long cuz I think it's a this is
one of the pairs we have not been able
to see from NIP all year long actually.
They must be truly desperate to be like,
"All right, we must play Yona at this
point. We must unlock Dwayne B. Aki
going to be on that Suani and we rifled
through that first half of bands. Oh,
better before we talk about the second
half of bands or first half of picks the
the Ambessa into the Gwen. I mean, that
was a choice for Cube. This has
typically not been a great matchup. I
don't know if the nerfs have actually
turned it, but have they? Uh, I don't
know. We'll have to see. I think that
Ambessa is a little bit weaker than what
we saw when she was on release in a
couple patches afterwards. So, uh, with
it seems like they're going to be going
for a bit of a more long range
composition. Something where Ezreal is
going to try and pepper their opponents
so that Ambessa and the Aali can find
allin does mean that an aggressive
jungle pairing potentially is on the
cards here for monkey. Pantheon getting
them back onto the band table again. And
I like this Ezreal or I like this Lulu
and Jin takeaway. Might be even setting
up for a misfortune though from the side
of
NIP. Really solid. Ash is still
available, so if they want a little bit
of extra CC, NIP could index into that.
Monkey is going to get that Lilia. So,
going to be a lot of chaos created uh
into these triple melees coming over on
the side of NIP. It's going to be
difficult for them to wade through.
Typically, I would like Ash. It does
give you the range, and obviously the
the ultimate is super important for
being able to find those picks. But the
issue that I'm having here is that Ash
versus the rest of this team does not
sound particularly fun. uh getting
outranged by Ezreal makes it pretty
tough. So with Corki and Kais on Lucian
Jin taken away going for a
Nautilus I think MF is probably just
your best choice if you want to try to
lock. Don't do that. Civer has been
something that we have been kind of
getting on throughout the years and I
think this is perfectly fine with being
able to to movement speed boost the rest
of your team. I like this draft from
NIP. I'm just worried about having solo
kill come on through as your newest top
laner. You have Doby who's only played
Yona once this year in a loss up against
Fi
FPX. This is a this is a another game
where they need to play side lanes
incredibly well and that has not been
their forte. Yeah, we talked about
earlier how this is actually sort of a
prove it match for NIP, right? That they
need to uh actually come back and win
this after, you know, losing or beating
WE last time out, but really being on
opposite trajectories uh losing their
last six matches. I mean, already down
one- nothing in the manner in which they
lost. I mean, listen, I like that
they're doing different things, but it
still feels like they're still trying to
find their identity. Maybe this is their
identity. Who knows? Maybe Din has just
been holding back, right? And it's just
decided, you know what? It's time break
Yona in case of emergency. Uh, but it's
going to be tough because on the other
side, you know, Team got a solid confer
themselves. Their last pick was Vampires
Allistar. He had a great game two
against NIP last time out on that
Allistar that ended in a loss for them,
but he looked so good. Very able to keep
this Yona out, keep this Gwen out. It'll
be a successful day at the office for
Team W. And who from the side of Team W
is blocking a Nautilus hook or Nautilus
ultimate or even the Sichuani alt? True.
I I that's what I'm worried about. So if
if team are not able to play this game
fast, if they're not able to play
flanks, angles uh particularly well,
then suddenly NIP have I think a much
more robust composition and something
that is not going to falter in the mid
game. We're going to have to see N we
snap decision making, especially coming
in from this allar. Uh Vampire has been
very impressive so far this year and has
a tall task heading up against him.
Wow, we had the spirit blossom first,
then we get the team we Okay.
[Applause]
little lively. Yeah, a little bit more
lively. Uh I think the NIP fans
definitely had to show out a little bit
more after uh what happened to their
team in game one. So I don't I don't
know if they wanted to, but we'll see.
All right, so let's set the stage here
because we have really really strong
solo laners on both sides here. Battery,
you talked about how NIP has not
particularly been good on side lanes.
Obviously solo kill going to be the one
to kind of hopefully remedy that and
we're going to need to see good soul
ling out of doby. But on the other side,
I mean, you know, they're going to have
to match this this Akali and the
Sbessa. We This is This is the true
prove it because you could just straight
up lose to these two if you're NIP and
just be like, "Wow, man. You know, 20
minutes 25 minutes into the game, we are
completely out of it because these solo
laners are big."
Yeah. And then and then monkey
potentially on his Lilia is something
that could end up being the case. The
the one saving grace for this roster is
going to be this civer just leave.
Again, mechanically speaking, I think he
has really been going above and beyond.
But his positioning in some of these
fights has been questionable. And with
the civer, you get a free get out of
jail free card with having the spell
shield should always be able to have
priority versus this uh Ezreal,
especially in the mid game. So that's
kind of what I'm looking towards. Both
junglers are pathing up towards the top
side of the map. We'll see if Monkey
gets a little bit funky or fresh with
his pathing again. He has been a bit
creative in more of their games.
We'll see what the move is. He's going
to clear this blue and it looks like
he's trailing toward maybe walking over
to the NIP bot side. See actually where
he wants to go. Is AI just going to go
clear out these
chickens? And Monkey will just go and do
the standard clear. Ping to his
teammates. Hey, I'm going on the
chickens, just so you know. I'm glad
that we saw those pings as well because
he he was like, "Okay, we don't know
exactly where Seduani is starting. So,
if Suani doesn't immediately show where
those raptors aren't getting pulled, I'm
just going to go over and take her side
of the jungle and then be really far
ahead with being able to split this map
open and potentially get myself a three
quadrant." So, um, good flexibility
coming in from Monkey and the rest of
Team WE. We saw that Cars actually had
early wave push in the mid matchup. And
when we talk about these two mid laners,
the a lot of the focus so far has been
on Cars. But join me MVP from split one
comes back to competitive play to come
play on this NIP roster and leads them
to be able to at least get them into
playoffs, especially as they first seed
out from their group. But he has been
having a lot of questionable
performances, especially even in the
back end of his career before he left.
So, as a as a player who's really made
his name here in the LPL, we're looking
to him to be that veteran for some of
these guys who don't have a ton of
experience and being able to play on the
LPL stage. Yeah, and you know, even
though yes, it was a very different meta
at the time, we still have really high
expectations for NIP because, you know,
they made it to the upper back. They
lost to anyone's legend in the 32. I
hope that's all going in on cube here.
Not going to land that perafrost will be
able to walk out, but yeah, 3-2 lost to
anyone's legend. They knock them down to
the lower bracket and they lost the top
esports. They lost to the number one and
number two team. So we're like, okay,
you know, these are clearly our top two
dogs, but NIP, they could challenge for
maybe a top four and it just has not
been there. It's been a complete
disaster since. And so far going to be
taking the brunt of the damage as Caris
in a slightly favorable matchup is
really making.
Good job from NIP. does mean that Cube
has to invest the teleport the bottom
lane if they want they can try to go for
the swap. Uh maybe we were I thought
maybe we were going to see that with the
teleport but instead solo kill is going
to continue in this matchup. Don't have
grub spawning at 5 minutes so we have to
find something else to talk about for
the next two and or three and a half as
we wait 20 seconds.
20 seconds dragon. You're so correct.
Junglers are on this side of the map and
AI was able to get a recall in before
Monkey. So maybe that's going to be a
point of strength here just having that
additional amount of HP with that giant
spell coming through. Seeing a couple of
pings into the W jungle. We're also
seeing a back coming through from Monkey
and teleport in from Paris. I do wonder
if W is okay with giving this dragon
away. You know, we talk a lot about how
Lilia specifically is a champion that
you kind of just want to turbo farm on.
Uh so if you ignore the early objective,
it's probably okay. I actually did quite
favorable for her now because you have
to spend that time trading the
objective. You just give it and be like,
"All right, we'll we'll take we'll we'll
give it up to get more farm on our
Lilia. If you can't disruptor, it
becomes a big problem, I guess. But I
think that's a really dangerous gambit
when you're thinking about where jungle
is right now. Uh just in the meta and
and how it's being played in
competitive. You're trading maybe four
or maybe two camps at most for monkey.
uh and you're giving over an objective
that's going to be a teamwide buff. So,
we'll end up seeing it seems like
instead Monkey crosses over a lot of
early vision here from the side of Team
W to try to track not only where AI is,
but give Monkey some different avenues.
Can I steal away a camp here? Can I try
to really squeeze as many objectives or
small resources away from the Sichuani
so that this Lilia can get turbocharged?
Do just teleported back already taking
another recall back into mid lane. I'm
I'm pretty worried about this cuz Akali
is getting mid pryo. They're going to be
able to fight for topside scuttle and
monkeyy's getting closer to level six. I
mean, he gets like if he's able to get
this scuttle and potentially go for
another camp here. He'll have this
ultimate ready to go. And you can kind
of see both junglers want to fight for
this. Yeah. And Doby is like, "All
right, do I go for the wave? Do I go to
help?" It looks like he's going to help.
He is level six. Fight seal for the land
as they make the play on the monkey.
First blood goes to Aki.
Good job just using the the ultimates of
the mids there. Join is a lot more
impactful in the fact that it lands.
Monkey just never flashing during all of
that. Ends up trying to save his
summoner spell. So the scuttle will go
over to AI which does mean that AI
should hit level six. Can try to just
coast through mid. You can kind of see
that Nautilus is also connecting. Could
turn into an early dragon here as again
with Civer it is very easy to get bot
lane uh shoved through the min wave.
Monkey will head to his bot side jungle
to hit level six off his next camp. So
could be a little worrisome if NIF wants
to fight. We all talk about how Lilia a
uh flash Q can really turn a fight on
its head. But not a whole lot of early
power right now for WE, especially as
the bot lane C are going to be a little
bit stronger if you end up fighting
around that bottom side
objective. 35 seconds till the grubs
come up. So who knows, maybe we're just
delaying dragon for a uh for a uh trade
of objectives, but we can't trade
anymore, right? So, we'll just wait to
make sure we can turn, right? Oh, yeah.
Um, Monkey did hit level six. Seems like
they're trying to open up their bottom
lane. I don't think that there's going
to be much of an actual fight here. And
when we talk about this Team W, they're
going to be very strong on one and two
items. You look at Ezreal. I'm looking
at Cube in particular on this Embessa.
The Eclipse power spike has been so
powerful across the board for the
Ambessa and uh for NIP two items really
feels like that's their their their go
button. You'll have the Utah Wild Arrows
and the Infinity Edge. Join B will have
already completed the Blade of the Moon
King, whatever secondary item he wants.
Same thing for this Gwen. So, uh I think
W need to play on a little bit of a
timer here as this game goes forward if
they want a chance to be able to do
much. They're going to miss out on again
all of these grubs. One of the new
changes in this map is if you're able to
get three of these grubs, then you'll be
able to get the void mites. There is no
secondary spawn of this
objective. And it's so worrisome because
as the solo laners of team, you need to
uh team, you need to be very careful
when you go and decide to
pick because if you lose out on those
fights, now you are losing, right? It's
not like, hey, we have three grubs a
piece. You know, it could go either way.
There's no coin flip to be had like, oh,
we won the fight. We get to push a lot.
No, if you make a mistake, you are going
to get punished incredibly hard. Also,
it is just way easier for NIP to to hit
a side lane, right? You have a Gwen on a
side lane that's going to be impossible
to match if she ever just decides to
just sit there. So, we'll see what Solo
Kill is able to do. Vampire a little
worried that something might be going on
in top lane, especially with the grubs
going over. So they want to be able to
try to cover for them where they can
maybe soften up solo kill. Doesn't have
any showing on vision yet here. Oh, he
just barely is able to catch Allistar.
So they could wait. You can see now
Ping's going on to the bottom side. NIP,
they want to try to get this shove into
Tayun and see if they can get a little
bit of tussle going on through. PB God
has reached his ultimate
here. Wonder if they're aware that solo
kill knows. Ai coming through to try and
back up his top laner. And here we go.
Cube is going to kick things off and AI
is going to try to shut him down but a
big double knock up there as they're
looking to put him to sleep but they put
Cube to sleep. Monkey trades out the
kill but he's taking a heck of a lot of
damage. Ai going to flash forward and
he'll take the kill for himself too. Aki
maybe looking for more but doesn't have
the cool downs. A two for one in favor
of an IP. Cube just flashing in the
wrong direction. Never uses his ultimate
to try to reposition until the very end
of the fight. Uh thankful for him his
alt doesn't go on cool down there. But
some some small errors end up making a
pretty big trade for Ninjas and Pajamas.
And they still get these bottom lane
waves. So it's more turret plates here
for leave extending that gold lead that
they were already experiencing. Great
job from NIP, but mistakes
from it all starts with Vampire getting
spotted out and NIP just play it really
well. Bait them in. And then
Aki just knew it. Like why why are we
flashing this direction? Flash down. I
know that there's a a Sichuani there,
but like surely surely we just use our
ultimate. It also places us on the
outside, so you would have not had to
take all of those turret shots. Also,
you know, potentially turns into less
damage onto Monkey, so those two kills
don't go over. Mistakes, but either way,
going to be more gold now here for
Ninjas and Bajamas. They're going to
also move some of their vision line over
as you see a lot of vision placed
towards solo kill early on. and BP God
on the opposite side getting some vision
down around this dragon. Still a bit
early, but 2 minutes from now uh
definitely a good time to start
prepping. Monkey will finish that
Leandre. So going to have a bit of a
power spike, but is behind AI for the
moment. About
1,600,500 gold lead coming through for
NIP. But this is exactly what happened
last time around, right? NIP had this
small lead were able to get the grubs.
Got the Herald, made that big play, but
just overextended their
play. NIP hopefully for them going to
write their wrongs and be safe when
making their plays and not going for too
much. Oh yeah. All right. Ter here for
Carus. Not all that bad. Cars actually
opening up a pretty big lead in the mid
lane. They haven't been able to talk
about just uh with how much action's
been going on uh elsewhere. Join B
making a few too many roams here. So
missing on on a couple waves, dropping
them, try to equalize around the map.
And that's a very big win, I think, with
having the Akali getting closer to level
level 11 as well as her her first item
coming on through. Uh but they're
they're musling with it with this mid
jungle. Maybe trying to make a play on
the bottom side here. Uh with justice,
Suani and Yon just make a very potent
duo and makes it difficult for Tayun and
Vampire to really get much done. Yeah.
And it's not like the last game where
Aurora fairly strong champion if you
give her time, you give her perks,
right, to go and farm up. But I I think
Akali is far more punishing if you allow
her to just farm up and have a good time
because you just kill some of these
squishy targets. Obviously, there's a
little bit of built-in protection with
this civer. Um, but you know, if you're
able to get on top of this Gwen, you can
eventually blow her up.
So, some first items coming in for Team
W and NIP. I think most importantly,
they're just going to try.
Yeah, and they dodge out DOB's knockup.
BBGO's going to flash away. Big triple
knockup there trying to keep himself
alive, but they want more. Fade. Sealed
lands. Ezreal too, but it's not enough.
It's a double kill coming over from
Monkey. And Vampire wants blood. They're
going to stun up AI. Caris is ready to
go into AI going to go over the wall as
Team are still in hot pursuit. The slows
are there and Monkey picks up ball
three. He gets so many kills. This Lilia
is turbocharged. He takes to take the
respawn raptors including this dragon
that has now spawned. So first two t
first two of these dragons going over to
we and a lot of gold to the game plan is
working here using that gold lead from
Cars and the advantage that he has now a
level and a half here between the mid
laners of these two teams. you see this
play. It's a great I think it's really
creative that they're able to find this
onto PP God. He's trying to be a little
cheeky and stop these recalls. I love
this buffer from Vampire. And and the
thing though, the thing that I'm kind of
looking at this from is why is DY why
are we not just using this ultimate
sooner? We're just trying to buy time
for BP God so that he can live and you
know that AI is on his way again.
Questions that we have for NIP. Here we
go. Looking to make a fourman play top
lane solo kill. Aki, Doy, and PP God are
here and Vampire and Cube are on an
island, but Vampire, let's see what he
can do. Big triple knockup coming
through as Cube gets onto the backline.
Vampire's tanking up a whole lot and he
survives. Teleport comes through as
Caris comes to save the day and NIP
can't do a thing. All right. Uh, a win I
think for Ninjas and Pajamas. They don't
end up losing all that much. It's the
Gwen ultimate to get the TP out from
Carz and the flash from Cube. I think
you're fine with that trade as is. does
mean that solo kill is going to try to
use this to push and Bessa is going to
be able to match. So, I actually end up
thinking you don't get all that much,
but it does weaken and soften up Carus
just a little bit here uh for the
summoner spells. And now it also means
that NIP should be advantaged moving
into this top side fight with the Herald
spawning.
Herold is coming up and the gold lead
difference at this point is negligible,
but a lot of it is on Caris and a lot of
it's on Monkey. Much like the last game,
you know, Caris being very, very
strong. See if Monkey can do what he
does best and make plays happen. Already
seeing him head to the bot side to try
to defend Q as NIP once again looking to
make a play onto the TWE top laner.
Malcolm's going to come through. Monkey
getting in there. He's going to put the
sleep, but gets in here. Oh man, members
are going down. A solo kill burns away.
Cube still trying to get out.
He's a liver, a vital organ in the human
body. as Monkey is looking for more, but
leave is there. It's a one for nothing
for Team, but DB gets the turret and
that's going to be feats of strength
going over to NIP. So, even with them
not grabbing that kill, I mean, it's
more gold over to Monkey. It's Cars
potentially getting the turret on this
next top lane wave. No one's going to be
able to match. They sent over the Civer
as well, so she misses out on a wave.
They are so indexed on making sure that
DOB is going to be able to get gold that
they're trying to put down this Ambessa.
I I don't know if this is worth it. They
did nerf the amount of gold that it
takes to get these tier three boots. So
instead of 750, it's 500 gold. Some of
the boots also got minor numbers
changes, but not anything that's super
impactful. We are going to be big
winners on this. This is more gold for
your Akali and your Lilia. exactly where
you want it to be. And a Herald here.
Yeah, now it's time to be the one making
a play with that. Oh, and by the way,
this entire time Ezreal's been scaling
up. Take a look at this replay. Solo
kill goes in a little early, but uh PB
got right here on time. It's just monkey
time.
This is just really well played. I would
have liked to have seen the permafrost
go on first so you can get a longer stun
duration as as well as just more damage
especially. Really well played by Cube.
I mean, he he has been I think one of
the the performers on this roster that
while not necessarily being super flashy
in a lot of their games, has been a
rock. Sometimes he's a bit of a
passenger for what ends up going on, but
I think when top laners have to be a
rock, especially in this meta, I think I
can respect his job when it when it
comes to team. So, a good job for a
player who has been a bit he's a bit of
a journeyman here in the LPL and he's
kind of found himself as again a middle
of the pack top laner. Oh, he might be
dead here actually. And it looks like he
finally is. Okay. All right. You know,
they they still it's the third time they
had they tried to do it. Yes, they they
had to find something this time cuz they
they went top lane in in that play that
we saw before. Didn't end up working.
They went into bot lane. Finally didn't
end up working, but they traded it for a
turret. Trying to find leave. Oh, wait.
Oh, okay. Car creative flashes after
him. It wasn't exactly pretty, but it
got the job done. And now they'll just
be able to back out and this will be a
mid lane turret going over potentially
as Tayun kind of just sitting here. They
know that they have no Suani. Vampire
just throwing down the pulverize for
fun. I'm angry. Yes. Um there is no
flash now for Carus nor for leave and
doesn't have the on the hunt. So there's
a dragon spawning in 30 seconds and if
we grab this that'll be dragon soul for
or dragon soul point for them.
Yeah, that'll be Cloud Sol point
especially which will be pretty good for
them. Especially guys like Cube and Gary
and Monkey really going to be happy to
have that. We'll see if NIP is able to
contest in any way, shape, or form. But
guess where the pings are going? Alk
Battery. They're looking for Cube again.
We're killing this guy. Look, maybe they
just said we're playing a Gwen. We have
three grubs. Let's get her as much gold.
Let's see if we can make this Gwen a
menace in the side lane. Has a thousand
gold lead over their counterpart.
Vampire's here, but they are sacrificing
so much. They've now have the Herald in
bottom lane. Cars is getting HP. Yeah,
and Cube is winning this. They have
Vampire next to him.
All right, Dwin is backing on a ward
here. He's going to queue out and
there's nothing for NIP to do here. They
lose so much. Garris is going to be able
to get this bottom turret for himself. A
lot of gold going over. Still 16 HP on
the Shelly. Maybe get a second charge if
you're lucky. It'll take the dragon,
too. All right. Well, TwinB just dropped
another wave, another two waves here.
Soul point now for WE on the cards. And
they get a second charge of this Herald.
So, Carus is is incredibly fed at this
point. Already had the the Purto Belt
and the Void Staff, but now he's going
to get close to his second item, whether
that be uh a shadow flame or a death
cap. Cars just needs to be able to carry
this game. They've now have so much
gold. It's him and Monkey who are really
in the lead. And while Tayun is hitting
his second item here, the only thing
that I'm holding out hope for in this
game has to be Lee. He's playing Civer.
You're getting close to two items.
You're the hyper carry in this game.
You just farm up as best you can and
hope your team doesn't throw it away.
But right now, uh those hopes may need
to be abandoned al battery because it is
getting tougher and tougher to play this
game. Even though the gold difference is
very very small, you can feel where the
strength is in these teams. It's on
Monkey. It's on Caris. It is billions of
damage. Just waiting for the right
fight. Monkeyy's flash is up. If NIP
group up in a wrong spot, they will get
punished
swiftly. And they have to be careful
like you were saying just because the
Autocott is also now up and available.
So any fight that occurs within the next
2 minutes has ramifications for the
dragon fight that also follows. W
they're going to start this up. They
don't have a ton of vision. They're
getting mid priority. Civer is nowhere
near this. And Cars both have their
teleports. So I'm looking at the
supports and how they're able to mark
vision. And now how are NIP going to be
able to get into this pit? This is a
favorable 3v3 for TW as well. believe is
going to be a little slow on the
rotation, but Taya is going to have to
be careful. He's going to shift over the
wall. AI is going to spot him out. Taun
does have summoners available. Flashes
away, gets that one down. Meanwhile,
Team on the backside actually doing the
outcome. Caris teleports in. He's going
to look for the wave here. PGO can land
the hook onto Vampires. Vampires getting
pretty low. He's stunned up. He's
knocked up. He's still alive, but they
find and shut down the Lilia, but it's
time for Caris to make plays. Solo kill
gets killed. It's a double kill for
Caris. And now he's looking for Rocky.
Meanwhile, Le is going to take on Tayun
and he's winning the fight. Tayun's
ultimate away on the Din B takes him
out, but leave is able to trade. And now
he's going to find Caris. Caris not
going to land that shuriken flip, but is
really going to diverse. Run down
Le. Leave is just auto attack and rapid
fire away. Cub is going to get the big
shield. And now he's going to try to
turn it on to Aki, but AI able to get
away. The Otacon resets.
I don't know about this. AI, you can't
do this. Yeah, we're we're recalling out
of this. Those were good shut downs now
going over to Ninjas and Pajamas, but
hell that was incredibly close. Yeah, it
was very very close. I mean, a great
initial play by NIP, especially Dwayne
be able to just get on Monkey before he
really does a whole lot. You can see in
the replay. I I this vampire takes the
hook, right? But he he can't block for
anything else. This lands onto Lilia.
This Doing that follows and Tayun then
is under a lot of threat. Big eyes were
on leave this game. I said that as the
civer, you're the hyper carry. You need
to walk up and auto attack it. And
especially against the Ezreal, he cannot
match you in the damage if they're all
clumped up. And we get to see him. He
stands his ground. He gets so much bonus
attack speed. Plus, he had the call
early on. So, he got so much gold. He
gets these shut downs onto Carus onto
this Ezreal as well. You're feeling very
good. A,000 gold here from that kill for
leave. How he he has to be in charge
here in this game. Yeah, you know, Civer
obviously with on the hunt gets a little
fast, but he dodged out on so many skill
shots. He dodged like three Ezreal cues,
the ultimate, the shuriken flip, too.
And now NIP is just going to rip this
OCon and they tear it to shreds. Team
not going to be able to find a way in,
but let's see if they're going to be
able to find a fight. Monkey going to
look to slow him up. Marks two are going
to put him to sleep. The knockup's there
as well. This time for T damage. Oh, Q
missed his ultimate. PB got able to get
out. Dwayne Bianaki on the backside
trying to get Monkey out of there. But
now Lee is leading the charge. Caris is
sliding around. Fate sealed though. It
gets him low. He dashes on the lead. He
can't finish him off and he goes down.
But the health bar force are low. Tayun
is full. Monkey goes down. Tayun in a
5v1. But I think he might be able to
salvage this. He shifts away but he
can't quite find a think that'll be it.
Tayun not able to get close. Oh, we got
to see some of that Thornbound Oticon
get to work there if you are unfamiliar.
Oh my god.
Oh, barely isn't able to tag anybody. He
didn't have the seekers uh the far side
alteration there. But uh the thornbound
aott, it gives you bonus experience on
your blue on your the now purified
spirit pedals and it also now gives a
massive explosion on takedown that has a
slow attached to it. In this fight, I
I'm looking at this I'm looking at the
summoner spells that were used. the fact
that this ultimate from Cube doesn't
land cuz while we're in this replay,
dragon is up and available. That is soul
for WE and Caris not able to execute
Leap or Dink here. Yeah, and Caris was
able to have a big dodge, but then ended
up getting caught by Doing's ultimate
and again were so
low. Cube ends up going after the melee
members instead of trying to get on the
leave, which is valid, but Tun couldn't
do much. And now NIP, they've taken the
dragon. They've taken full control of
W's bot lane. They knock up Tayon. They
might actually take his life. He gets
hooked and he goes down and NIP are in
full control. We're seeing and
specifically Aki and Dobby finally get
to work on this Yona Suani combo. Leave
is picking up a lot of gold. Might also
have what looks to be uh the uh what has
Zeal and
Nounther? Uh oh, I should know this.
Zealon quiver. Is that um is it Phantom
Dancer? Phantom Dancer. I think it might
be. Phantom Dancer has double It's Zeal
and double daggers if I'm correct.
Yeah. Okay. It's nothing. Okay, cool.
So, he he just bought these items cuz
they're cuz they feel cool. Okay, nice.
Uh they have crit, which is, you know,
cool. I mean, he'll probably what he's
probably going to be buying is like a
shield though for uh that. He has a ton
of movement speed by the way. not only
was on the hunt, the passive from Civer,
these gunmetal greaves that he has as
access to the tier three boots give him
uh movement speed when he hits a target
or an enemy champion. So, this Civer is
going to have like almost 450 500 ms in
a fight. So, a very mobile AD carry and
we'll see what he has. 3,000 gold here.
He is the big difference maker for this
team and someone that we had propped up
as a amazing AD carry made our allpro in
split number one. and even in split 2
has had shining moments but either NIP
as a whole have not been able to kind of
get over the hump in some of their team
fights or more specifically Liv himself
has been getting caught a
lot. Yeah, he made game one pretty hard
for his team but here in game two he is
their their messiah. He has said put me
in a good position. I will carry the
game. He's now finished three items.
Just a quick look around the rift. I
mean that lead in the jungle has shrunk.
Obviously, you know, these champions do
vastly different things, but the mid
lane especially has now tilted toward
after Caris had such a good performance.
He's going to be kicking himself for
that last fight. Yeah. Uh I mean, we
talked about leave uh also an EDG
member. So, we have some some EDG youth.
A lot of the EDG talent pools actually
here in this lineup. Monkey coming over.
You do have uh both solo kill and leave
here on the roster for NIP. So uh in
some way for Linda, there is still a lot
of EDG hopefuls here, but um I I I
disagree with this LDR purchase. There
are no tanks on the enemy team and the
the zonas that are picked up are very
fake. So I wish I wish this was a
different item, but we see that NIP are
positioning. They have so much and even
if they don't get this red buff, which
again it is past 20 minutes, so it'll be
a global red buff for the team. coming
in. Do's pushing. Okay, we're getting a
teleport. Oh, AI is going to take a
blast coming out of there. So, this
teleport might not yield much. Dinky is
going to snap back and team can't do
anything. So, NIP getting the better end
of that trade. Yep, they just got a free
summoner spell. Uh, perfectly. And now
they actually might find him. Stun is
out. But AI's taking a lot of damage.
Vampire to the backline. Big knock up.
And Caris is on top of lead. He's gone
golden to wait out the shield. Is he
going to be actually take him down?
members are asleep and Caris
assassinates him and Tayun is cooking
too. Do is low. Solo kill is low. Caris
is ready on the side to try to kill Doy
and he goes down. Solo kill the last one
standing. Team we ever resilient head to
the baron. They find the magical fight
that gives them the baron there. I
thought this was going to be another
fight where NIP win, but it turns on its
head. The assassins coming through. Cube
and Carus get into the backline. It's a
teleport from Solo Kill, the newest
member of NIP. Can he win a 1v3? Oh,
Tune shifts in. Oh my god, Tayun, what
are you doing? You're trying to throw
the game. Solo kill will fall. Car's
taking a lot of damage from the Baron,
but the Baron's resetting. Monkey is
back on it. They have to stay on it at
this point. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, they get
this. They're going to be late to this
dragon, so it's not going to be another
soul point. Another soul taken by Team
W. They're going to teleport, which
means are they just going to go straight
to dragon from here? I feel like they if
you're going to teleport, you're going
to do this. You're going to have to take
control. Cars, do not recall. Catch this
midwave. Okay, we're getting a replay of
this. I need to see what these solo
laners are doing. They thought that
Vampire was going to finish this. He was
massive play from one of the most
maligned players, especially in the
international community. Two man sleep
ultimate that lands onto the support but
puts a cube right into the backline and
we see in the picture and picture
they're right back onto the map. They're
going to use their baron. NIP have to
walk into this pit and they need to be
able to make a massive steal if they do
not want this soul going over to we all
right looking to get in there. Are we
going to see a steal? We are the
knockups are there but guess what?
They're all muddled in. Caris though
gets knocked up in the back line. He's
all alone. He's got a flash over the
wall and he will be able to dodge out on
the ultimate. Ends up being a one for
nothing in favor of W, but they do not
get the dragon. They don't get the
dragon. But guys, we have Baron. Let's
keep using our Baron. We don't have to
give anything for this dragon. Honestly,
dragon doesn't matter. Yes, it's the
soul, but you can always come back to
this objective. You can always say,
"Look, there'll be another dragon. We
can keep playing. Let's take turrets.
Get our gold lead." Cuz this game we
said does get very difficult. this. I
mean, NIP, they have three grubs. If
they ever get a lone time on these
turrets, if they ever find themselves
with a full ace from multiple NIP
members or WB members down, that could
just be the game ending on the spot.
Let's use our Baron and try to open up
the map a little bit for ourselves. Cube
shoving on the bot side. That turret's
about half HP. Remember, it had a Rift
Herald shoved into it earlier in the
game. It looks like Cube will be able to
pick this one up without too much of an
issue. Paris shadowing him at 700 gold
onto this Ambessa killless so far. That
could change in the future. The siege is
on here in the mid lane, but Tayun is
going to get engaged on looking for
more. Puts a lot of damage into him, but
takes a lot of damage himself. Will
force off team siege. Okay, got the
ignite uh away from vampire, which now
you know in ignite did just get changed
on this patch. It's not all that
different, but has a little bit more
damage packed into it uh in the back
end.
I I'm worried about this though, Yanni.
We're going to be coming into uh you
know, a couple of fights in the
meantime. There's no flash for leave, no
flash for Carus, but uh I think flash is
a little bit higher of a premium for
NIP, especially with how little mobility
this civer has despite the MS that we
were talking about. Even picking up a
QSS in the back end of the fight. So
wanting to make sure that she does not
go down and leave having to be the big
carry in these fights alongside Dwayne B
and solo kill.
We're really worried about the Lilia
sleep. I guess it's for the extra MR as
well. Uh because you know it will it
will help out against Garris. You know I
guess you're going to need that spell
shield to mitigate damage rather than
mitigate the CC. Going be on the split
push here. Going to take that top turret
but that doesn't mean that he's able to
get mid tier too. The C on the bot side.
The was used on the solo kill. Carris
gets caught out here and he's going to
go down. Okay, I I I just don't know
what this turns into though, right? Like
there's no other play. You did get the
teleport out from Dwayne B. Cub's going
to pick up another side lane. He's going
to be able to push this wave in top
lane. And NIP are very good at being
able to catch waves and clear them,
especially with a Civer. So, a lot of
gold is about to go into their back
pockets. How much more can NIP actually
extend for? Another 2 and 1/2 minutes
before the Baron. Another 2 minutes
before that dragon spawns. And again, we
have a dance for the soul. W I think are
going to be okay with the trade, but
this gold lead is going to close up.
We're getting into that point of the
game where gold does not matter. Items
are being completed, but a massive
advantage still held by WE. And you look
at those lanes and the item
differentials that are still held. Yeah,
especially this mid lane car on four
items and has the quintessential mage
items that you would want. The rocket
belt and the zonas as your activives.
Big damage coming out from the Rabidons.
That penetration too from the void
staff. This Akali will murder many
members of NIP if given the chance. We
will need to make sure that he's kept in
check, but we got to keep so many
members of WE in check in order to
actually win these fights. Okay, little
bit of time here. We got some time to
cool off. Minute and a half before this
dragon. More important than Baron in my
opinion. NIP, I think you might be
willing to make the gambit. That baron
is pretty good for your team when you
have these three grubs. You do need to
be able to win the rest of the game and
actually push onto these turrets. I'm
looking at items. Doby going for Kanik
Rooker fourth. Can we stop building tank
items on champions that don't need them?
We We I already had to see you play tank
Le versus Azir. Let's We I I get it.
There's a lot of magic damage. I think
that there is a a time and place for
this. You can see that they're fishing.
Yeah, with the big engage there. They're
going to at least get the sleep on a PB
God. PB God able to flash away and
survive. Monkeyy's going to go golden
here. Cube on the backline, but
meanwhile, the mid laners are nowhere to
be found. Oi tanking up a lot of damage,
but here's the public execution of the
solo kill. Solo kill is low and so is
Cube as he goes into stasis, but it's a
trade. Cube lives. Tune takes the hook.
Down goes the support. Leave three, but
shows up to the party. Tune is low. So
is leave as they're just sequestered
off. Doy once more. Ezreal coming
through. doesn't quite land as DOB finds
vampire and cub's got to get out of
there. Oh my god, it is so close. Now
there's a numbers advantage and dragon
is spawning. Din has to make the play of
a century. He actually forced Caris off
on that top wave. He teleported for
that. This is going to be Soul going
over to Team. I think you're not all
that upset right now. The picture and
picture in the bottom right. Din
interrupted. That is why he does not
have the fate unsealed for this fight.
Caris living is such a big boon for
them. So soul spawns, gets taken down by
team. Baron is up on the table and
Yanni, I don't know about this, but we
have 5 and 1/2 minutes before we get an
Elder Drake in this game. I think we
might be going to that in this position.
It's certainly trending that way off
battery. We'll have to see what a fight
with Team looks like with that extra uh
soul, that cloud soul. It's going to be
so useful for a guy like Monkey, Caris,
and even Cube. We'll see. It looks like
NIP is just going to look to rip this
Baron. Oh, they get Vampire over the
wall. Vampire trap. A big triple knockup
trying to stay alive. Public execution
down to the back line is cubed, but he
gets blown up immediately. Monkey tags
only one member and puts the Nautilus to
sleep. He's got to try to find a way in,
but he can as the Baron secured by NIP.
Carris is low. Monkey is trying to body
block for him, but he's getting tagged
with the perafrost. He's going to go
golden. Tayun's going to win the fight,
but a fate sealed onto the back line.
It's a big play. Caris is low. Trying to
assassinate somebody. Taun man, but now
it's a 4v2. Tune does have that guardian
angel. Maybe he sticks around looking
for a little bit more. Trying to fish
with these Ezreal cues, these mystic
shots doing good damage, chunking out
these members. He's doing a good job of
being able to clear out the minion wave
as well. No one from NIP can deal with
his range. They get the Baron. It's on
four members here of Ninjas and Pajamas.
They're going to get this top tier 2.
That blast cone betraying we
there. Oh man, this is so tense now.
This game has been back and forth
between these two teams. And you have
three grubs. NIP might be able to go for
a little bit more, but I think they're
hesitant. You can see it on their faces.
The fact that they're recalling now.
They don't want to go for a little bit
more. They'll just reset. Wait for a DB
to respawn. This right here from Doy
might have just saved them the entire
game. And even just the the fact like
Cube, let's just wait. Like we're we're
still waiting for Cars to be able to get
into this fight. Tayun is nowhere near
to be able to deal damage. This ultimate
also I I think you just have to be
retreating. We cannot be going for a
fight anymore as as we Yeah, I think
once you dropped his ultimate, he was
expecting that he hit more than just one
member. He saw the uh the symbol over
the head and just went for it. Good
ultimate there by Gleni to really make
sure this fight was sealed in their
favor even though he did go down. I I
just love what we got from Tayun here.
He's literally just like putting Q's in
their bodies. Yeah. He don't care. He
don't care. Yeah. Yeah. He He's playing
from far enough range. He has the
Conqueror as well. So, he's doing pretty
good for himself. Monkey does steal his
own drop. So, good job. Baron still
alive for another minute as we see NIP
continuing to push. Trying to push on
two waves, but mid lane wave is nowhere
nearby. Top lane is a bit far away.
Sleep lands on to leave. Just going to
push them off. I think this is fine.
There's no objective for a few minutes
and the wave is pretty far. So we are
just stalling out and buying time versus
the ninjas and pajamas which is a good
job wasting their baron buff. And as
long as no mistakes are made and
Monkeyy's flash is coming up shortly.
Cub's guardian angel still on cool down
should be coming back too. And just
going to siege himself and take a bot in
as stuck in a 2v one right now. You just
said very tanky but a good block there
on the faith he steal. Monkeyy's going
to flash after him. They want to kill
Diny. This is a pretty big attempt here
but D is going to flash away. Meanwhile,
the siege is all on the bottom side as
the inhibitor turret is falling. They
can't catch him off battery and they
finally do. They'll take him down and
now they're looking to cut off the rest
of NIP. Monkey are sprinting right now.
Good call on the teleport. Couple
members slowed. Aiy's ultimate goes wide
and all of a sudden this could be a
problem. AI is very thick though.
Vampire big knock up as Knight descends
on the LPL. The vampire has come out and
they're on top of a tune. Kills leave.
Down goes NIP. That might be the
game-winning fight. Do they have a
midwave though? It's three minions. How
much tank stats do they have? Monkey
sitting with almost 3,000 HP. They'll
teleport in. Cube. W about to make a
huge upset. A takedown. NIP.
What a play made by we. It looked a
little suspect at first, but Vampire
said, "No, we're winning." He calls
game. Tayun calls game. 20 for Team W.
They get revenge for split one. They get
revenge for Split 2 first round. Robin
W. They're back, baby. I like they're
the favorites coming into this match.
And NIP are continuing their slide in
the standings. They will now go to two
and eight here. Their woes still
incredibly dangerous and I got to give
it up to this WE roster, man. They
started off this year looking absolutely
miserable, but everybody is stepping up
and I'm glad that we get to see it. A
great couple series here from Caris and
Vampire. Man, he deserves MVP for this
game. Yeah, take a bow. Team
WE there. They improve to 4 and6. They
are now what? 11 and 14. Just one single
game behind FPX right now. All of a
sudden, this team is live to maybe make
something happen. Starting to pull
themselves up a little bit closer to
teams like IG, to teams like BLG.
Perhaps the IG one I'm still a little on
the fence about. You know, I I'll I'll
be 100% honest. I'm still on the fence
about the IG one. Five and six. I have
no idea. They're they're five and six.
That is true. That is true. But I I
think especially for teams that are
within striking distance, right? I think
of two teams in particular, FPX and BLG.
BLG have already shown that they're a
little bit mortal. They're still kind of
figuring out them and B1. We'll see them
actually later tonight going up against
FPX, but FPX definitely within their
ball range of being able to play. And
that could be the difference between
them getting fifth, right? Maybe they
get sixth. I think that those are that
there's a very real possibility we see
this team WE roster make the come up. I
mean, we've been talking all season long
how there's that contention to get into
top four to get your automatic bid into
playoffs. I don't think that this WE
roster is necessarily reaching that
high, but if you're able to take out
every other team there, you could
potentially be the first seed coming
into playins. Yeah. You know, make them
sweat and Yeah. If you get that first
seed and now you're playing against uh
what in LGD or EDG, right? Yes. That's,
you know, that's that's fine. You are so
happy with that, right? I think you, if
you're team WE, you're like, "Yeah, we
can absolutely win against these guys
with the way that they've been playing."
And sure, you know, it's NIP as they
slide to their seventh straight loss.
But I mean, you know, this this game was
very, very competitive and we saw shades
of like what NIP could actually be. Uh,
and you know, they they were behind.
They did bring it back and they did have
this lead, but then you know the Dwayne
BB red buff throw. That was it every
time. Yeah, that was tough. That was
tough. I just Dwayne B getting caught
out. A lot of questions for this NIP
roster. I think that solo kill was fine.
I think a lot better on his Gwen game,
but I think that's mostly because he had
just had more agency compared to the
Scion. And like leave, he had a a great
setup in this game. He got caught on mid
waves a few too many times. than that
last fight. Again, I don't think
necessarily his fault, but there's just
so many things going wrong for this NIP
roster at the same time that it just
feels like which one are we going to be
able to band-aid in a week? Is it going
to be join? Is it going to be Le's
positioning? Because what what's
happening right now is everything is on
fire. AI is having some of these games
where he just he just gets ran over. I'm
I feel bad for leaving this game, but
Doy getting caught out. the gold graph
of all time going on here. That's an LPL
gold graph if I've ever Yes. NIP cannot
be having games like this. Like, let's
be honest, Domin is a world championship
winner. Lek.
Yeah. Like, it's not like these are
rookies either. A's been playing in the
league for at least 5 years now. Uh,
leave has, you know, he's a bit of a
fresher player, but Pepe God's also a
veteran. You should have enough
experience to recognize what is going on
in a mid game and how we're going to be
able to battle
back. They're just not leading this
team. They lack direction. They
obviously also are losing some of these
hands
checks. NIP need to ship up or they're
going to be completely sent out of this
bracket. They're going to go out of
group and have to play a best of five.
And I'm worried about their chances of
even making playoffs. Yeah, I I think
that that is very very far away from
them right now. They need to really look
ahead to some of these upcoming games to
figure out a way to really change their
fortunes. You know, their next game is
going to be against Waybo, an incredibly
hot Waybo, and then they're playing
against Tees. That's next week. Guess
what? That looks like an 0 and2 on the
schedule. And the week after that, it
looks like it could be an 0 and4 on the
schedule. Actually, NIP might only have
one more win the rest of the year, or
the rest of the split, I should say. I
think that's possible. I mean, you think
about who they won in the first half,
right? They only beat WE and
IG and and IG, to be fair, still
inconsistent, but I think a much better
and much more well-rounded team than
what we've seen from the Ninjas Pajamas.
We've seen them take games off of some
of these teams. But if even Thunder Talk
are beating you and you're having a
competitive series against them, I have
a lot of worries for this uh this this W
for this NIP roster. Yeah, I think the
only win that they might get is up
against TT, but that's the very last
game of their split. And actually, it is
the very last game of the split that
we'll be seeing for the regular season.
So, we'll see. We'll see. A lot of
implications there, but we can come back
around for for
we came in as favorites today and
definitely showed why that was the case.
Yeah, and looking ahead for Team W. Next
week is their hell week. They play four
matches next week.
FPX, JDG, IG, BLG. Guess what? Those are
three teams that are directly ahead of
them. This is the measuring stick. This
is the make or break if WE can be closer
to a five seed, right? Or in the grand
scheme of things, a one seed going into
the playoff playin. This is going to be
a really important week upcoming for
them. And they have to feel good about
this victory. I think if we go 50/50, if
they go 500 next week, two and two, I
don't care which ones they honestly
take. I think that that just solidifies
them as as an insanely good team. I I
just obviously they're not going to be
top tier, but we have made market
improvements. I'm glad that we're seeing
the growth from this team.
Just Vampire, give give Vampire MVP,
man. He he he might have deserved it for
last game, too, but he definitely earned
it this time. Yeah, multiple times he
looked really really good. had one one
or two plays that were a little
questionable, but the entire game was
just making play after play after play
after play. Big triple knockups. This
guy on Allistar is very very dangerous.
Oh, yeah. Uh I'm I'm so excited. Uh just
the narratives just feel like they're
all coming together. WA going from a
winless team here in group ascend.
You're having kind of like the the
reformation of of some really negative
narratives coming on through again.
Caris and Tayune middling careers in the
LCK. Now they come over to the LPL and
they're finding some level of success.
Monkey and uh Vampire, they were not the
best pieces last year. 2024 was very
rough for these two players, but they
had terrible rosters around them. I
think generally they they get a hall
pass for what was going on. And now
they're finding success here in 2024 and
actually looking like decent, you know,
LPL standouts. So good job for for
Vampire getting himself another MVP
here. second one of the split and well
earned for his Allistar play today. Yep.
Excellent stuff from Vampire. Excellent
stuff from Team now. Winners of four
straight matches after starting out very
very poorly. Yeah, you know what? You
got to get you got to get the Allistar
Bell in. You know what else we got to
get in? We got to get in a break.
That'll be it for me for the evening.
However, is not it for our games as
Miselle will be hopping in to take
charge. Gazelle and Kayman. They're
they're going to be taking over for us.
Yep. For the last two games, BLG FPX and
then Tees, which will be the big one for
the evening. Don't go anywhere. See you
on the other side at the Play English.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Welcome everyone back to LPL English,
your unofficial home for everything LPL.
I am Miselle. I'm joined by Kayman and
couldn't be more excited to be here. And
shout out to Yanni and Al for kicking us
off on the day as uh we did end up
kicking it off with a 200WE. We are
back, baby. We'll see if it continues
going with the rest of the second round
robin for them as well. But now we get
into our second series of the day here
on this super day of League of Legends.
We have three backto backto back best of
threes. And this one's going to be an
absolute gigab banger. BLG with the new
and improved jungle machine coming
against FPX. We're looking to try to
bounce back after some devastating
losses. Yeah, this is such a fantastic
matchup, Miselle. I'm so excited for
this series. Not only are we going to
get the second iteration of Beijuan
coming in, seeing what the, you know,
full picture can look like now that we
get to see some more games, but there
are some really interesting storylines
to take, not only from these two teams
individually, but from where they've
been against each other already over the
course of this week. Yeah, that's what's
crazy is literally at the beginning of
this week, these two teams did face off
where FPX did take down BLG 2-1 and that
is what prompted the changes that we
will be taking a look at here soon as uh
we're going to go ahead and bring up BLG
and uh the big change Ban in the jungle
coming in and playing towards a ton of
his superstars around him, but primarily
around these solo laners and uh it It
was really nice to see him kind of just
slot in and execute.
Yeah, it's really getting back to basics
for BLG and that's what I really like to
see for this team. Bichuan coming in
just offers something a bit more stable
for them and that's exactly what they're
looking for. We saw some of the
negatives of it with the Zingo in game
number one. But the moment we saw the
Scarnner or the Seduani start to come
out. These champions that are really
great at facilitating advantages
specifically for these solo laners, we
saw really what BLG was capable of. And
we saw some pretty dominant victories
from them yesterday against a red hot
way team. I'm excited to see if they're
going to keep going down that path,
investing a lot more into players like
Knight and Bin, or if maybe they have
some extra tricks up their sleeve that
maybe they haven't shown yet. I think
that there's a lot of possibilities for
this roster now with Bichuan in and it's
just so funny because it's a similar
position that Weey did when he came in
for Shun at the end of that last year
and now we're seeing a little bit of
that same trend going for BLG. So maybe
the swap of the jungle just
reinvigorates the team, but they need a
little bit of reinvigorating as uh yes,
they were able to handle some business
for sure, but this uh this BLG team is
not performing to the level at least
before BTON was here to that they uh
expected of themselves for sure.
Absolutely not. I mean, five and five is
really not what you want to see if
you're BLG. They came into this year
with the expectation of following up on
that World Finals appearance and being
the team that could run the LPL. It's
not really been the case. They needed
that change. They needed something to be
different for this team. But I think it
bleeds a little bit deeper than just the
jungle position. One thing I really was
encouraged by yesterday as well was
Elenon starting to play more aggressive
in the 2v2 again answering something
like Kalista with Ezreal Karma and
trying to get that early lead. It's
something that we haven't seen nearly as
much out of this team over the course of
this year. I think just playing with
that confidence, understanding that they
are still BLG. They still are one of the
most talented teams in the world and
going into these games with the
expectation they can outplay. That's
what I'm looking for here. It was a
vintage Worlds Elk performance on the
Ezreal and uh it felt really good to see
him pop off on that one cuz that had
been one of the quieter pieces that
really always felt like a constant
threat in the BLG matches is what the
bot lane 2v2 could handle. And uh
tonight I think it's going to be even
more important. We'll see if Awesome can
handle a little bit of the pressure that
Elk is going to be throwing his way. But
this jungle match up takes pride and
prejudice here for me and and trying to
be that kind of mainstay focus for them
and really being the main match up that
we're looking at cuz Shadow on the other
side when we're looking at FPX has
started to pick it up. a lot of
consistency issues that we saw from this
player beforehand and uh whenever we
talked about Shadow having some lacking
moments on the teams that we've seen him
before and now coming into FPX he has
started to kind of be the glue of the
team. Yeah, I think it definitely took
Shadow some time to feel comfortable on
FPX. He was also a bit of a late
addition in the jungle here to start for
them throughout a lot of this year, but
the moment he got going, this team
really started to get going because they
really have picked it up over the past
couple of weeks. some big wins on their
resume, of course, against BLG pretty
famously earlier this week, but they've
beaten teams like JDG as well. A lot of
that is through Shadows pressure, and I
think especially when you see him on
these carry picks, these more aggressive
picks, things like Pantheon have really
liked him on obviously the Nefari game
we all remember a little bit against
Ninjas and Pajamas, that uh ridiculous
performance from him. But Shadow just
feeling comfortable and them playing
around the jungle resources, I think
it's just been a lot more open for FPX
in that regard. and it's really unlocked
everybody else on the team as well. And
they've been using a lot of connection
between the mid jungle. They've also
really had some impressive highlight
real ready plays from Dway. And uh his
Nico is one to be feared for sure. It's
a mustban against FPX as far as I'm
concerned. You cannot give that over.
Dway is the key that unlocks absolutely
everything for FPX right now. Dway is a
player we've seen succeed at the LPL
level in the past, at least from an
individual performance perspective, even
if it's not been very consistent with
team success, but um it really took him
getting back into form for FPX to really
feel like world beaters in the way that
they have been over the past couple of
games. And you know, it's exciting to
see a team like FPX that I don't think a
lot of people had expected like near the
top of the standings compete with some
Titans here in the LPL. And Dwayne as a
playmaker is a big reason for that.
Yeah. And I will say if we're looking a
little bit more introspectively on the
team, last night was a little bit of a
slaughter. Uh even though they did start
the week against BLG, I still think, you
know, against Top Esports, there was a
lot of failings on the team. So maybe
they could try to find a little bit of
balance from that and a little bit of a
bounce back as well. Uh it's it's an
important match uh for both sides kind
of going into this second round. Robin
trying to find any win they can,
especially for BLG trying to live up to
some of those expectations. Now see if
Fate Swad is that actual focus and if
he's going to be the fix that they
really needed to get them to an
international performance. That is the
expectation for this Billy Billy Gaming
team. Yeah, not only is international
the expectation, but like domestic
dominance is the expectation for this
team. I think that there is a baseline
level that they're looking for. Of
course, they'd like to get to the end
goal, but right now they're sitting at
five and five. They're only half a game
out from getting top four. And remember,
top four auto qualifies for playoffs. No
best of five necessary in order to get
yourself into that position. Billy Billy
is very much still in striking distance
of getting themselves there. This is a
very important series for them on their
quest to that. And I think if Bishuan is
going to stabilize and really write the
ship and if you're going to try and look
at this as the right decision, you do
need to see it today alongside
yesterday. It can't just be these back
and forth performances. You're bringing
him in for the stability. And so this is
a matchup they really have to win.
Imagine the pride also as Bead. You the
literal last matchup we got for weey was
that FPX. You have that immediate kind
of resultsbased analysis for Bethad. So
all is good if they end up taking this
one. But it is a little bit of
redemption from that loss against FPX.
But again, like you say, trying to pick
up every win possible. But that's where
I I think it's it's really interesting
to see Dway's kind of influence on the
way that FPX plays, the aggression out
of that 2v2. But I do think that this
mid lane combo pairing up with the
jungle is gonna have a lot of influence
on this early game. And I will just say
Knight maybe hasn't lived up to some of
those big moments, but he's still the
golden left hand of the LPL for a
reason. And now with all these changes,
going back to a lot of the
standardization of the the LPL meta, at
least on Summoner Rift, and seeing what
this new iteration of the Rift is going
to be bringing us, uh it it's time to
step up for these two mid laners.
Definitely mid lane is going to be a
huge priority for both of these teams
and I think you hit the nail on the head
in terms of talking about where they're
going to get these advantages. We talked
earlier about Bichuan investing so much
more into those solo laners than we was
uh before the uh change in the jungle,
but FPX, Shadow, and Care have really
wanted to play off of each other for a
lot of this group ascend stage. I think
if one of these midlaners can generate a
significant lead over the other, whether
that's through the 2v2 or just generally
a favorable matchup, that's a pretty
nightmare scenario for the other team.
So, I think draft is going to be very
important in that regard, trying to find
good matchups and trying to find comfort
for both of those players. And they have
been willing to dip their toes into
utility picks, but more so, it's a lot
of mobile carries out of mid lane. And
so I do wonder what iteration we're
going to get as we get the flowers, the
spirit blossoms raining from the sky.
I'm sure it's not going to be annoying
at all to get those out of anybody's
hair, but it looks awesome. Uh, and I
love what the uh the kind of antics
we've been seeing with this new event
coming through. It actually makes it
feel special, which has been really
cool. Yeah. Yeah. I love the new
aesthetic. I think uh you know, we were
talking in the first series a little bit
about how it's always nice to get a
little bit of a fresh look on Summoner's
Rift or just generally around the game.
Uh you know, I'm really interested to
see the new patch and to see really how
things end up developing. But look at
that guy's lap. He's got like just
covered. He's got like a 100 flowers
just drooped on his lap there. I love
it. This is all right. Incredible. I
like it. I like it. Got to have a little
bit of fun with it. It feels good
because I don't feel like we got
anything too crazy uh with that first
split as well. And now even in the uh
the kind of second iteration of the
Summoners Rift, but it feels like
they're going all out at least for the
Spirit Blossom event and BLG looking to
go all out. It's funny, we have our uh
1v one size select that's going to be
coming up here pretty soon. It's Odd
versus Dway. So, we're going to have
we're going to have a lot of fun uh no
doubt I think in this one and see
exactly what we're going to go. I feel
like an is just going until he can get a
redemption because I don't feel like
I've seen Odd have a very good time in
the 1v ones, but they keep giving him
the opportunity. So, honestly, my goat,
they trust him. They clearly want to,
you know, try and go for it, but how can
you not get excited about some supportal
combat going down in the 1v ones? You
always want to see them get aggressive,
but uh this is a big opportunity, I
think, for for Dway to show, yeah, you
know what? I'm the better support here.
I was really really strong into BLG last
time we played. I'm the support to beat
in these 1 v ones on your your
struggles. They're going to continue
here. So, I'm excited to see the mental
boom properties that end up going on in
this matchup. It's uh it's funny cuz uh
if if you don't know, Dwayne came up in
the BLG system. Uh he was the BLG junior
prodigy in the in the support role until
he got picked up by Ultra Prime. Swapped
over there for it just a little bit, but
then got his first start on Rare Adom.
Obviously, Ray Adam doesn't exist
anymore, but it's crazy how things go
full circle, right? Like there's so many
interconnections between the league and
especially even in players that are a
little bit newer, even though he's
starting to get a lot like three, four
years of the LPL and the LDL system as
well. Uh rather, as uh we'll see if he
he can kind of live up to it against an
who feel like is the darling face and
sometimes the hated face in the LPL of
supports, uh but has to be known as one
of the best. Yeah, I mean you gotta love
and hate on at the same time. Just kind
of the way it goes with He won a finals
going 0 and9 on Bard. That's legendary.
That's like It's elite. It's elite. You
got to be one of the You can't do that
unless you're one of the best supports
in the world. That's what I've learned.
If you're not 0 and9 on Bard, you're not
playing it correctly. But uh Exactly.
Yeah. I I I'm just excited to see these
two teams go headto-head. It's funny
talking about that BLG junior team. So
many players kind of coming out of that
system and succeeding. Junhow obviously
having a lot of success this year for
Ultra Prime has been fun, but uh I
imagine there's a lot of pride on the
line between Dway and I think Dway got
the better of an in terms of the series
like I said earlier this week. So this
might be some redemption time incoming.
I like it. Now uh we're going to
transition a little bit since we we're
going to be getting to the 1v one here,
but we're not going to have as much time
between the 1 v one and the draft. So I
do want to talk a little bit about what
your big picks of the new iteration of
the patch. you know, we are moving on uh
to 259, I believe. And uh I I want to
get your pick of of what you've seen so
far in our first series at least and uh
maybe catching up on what you think is
important. I think it still really comes
down to comfort. I don't think too much
is going to change in terms of the
priorities for these two teams, but I
definitely think playing the early map
in terms of skirmishes is going to be
priority number one for both of these
teams. They love controlling tempo and I
think when you look at the champion
pools, especially for the mid laners,
it's very similar. We're going to be
looking at things like Tia, even things
like Ahri and Rise that can really get
out on the map and, you know, create
some action as we get into draft here
for the 1v one at the very least. Corki
Pantheon, Renekton, and Varys taking off
the board. But I'm excited, I'm sure.
Yeah, I I think the timers are going to
be really interesting. We're we're going
back to the iteration of League of
Legends it feels before we got the kind
of double grub spawn and and all the
craziness around objective timers. Uh so
we want to see honestly competitively
how how teams adapt. It's honestly kind
of crazy uh to throw this much of a wild
change uh in the middle of the split,
but going into the second round, Robin,
maybe it's the perfect time. Maybe it
gives the opportunity to the teams that
need a little bit of a a boost going
into that second half as it's going to
be Draven versus Jace. So, at least we
get a bot laner for on, but it's still
going to be a fun match up between the
two supports of the team. I don't think
you can make too much of an argument
that Draven or Jace are support
champions, unfortunately, in this one. I
I I could try. I could certainly more
than Draven. Jay's more than I could
sell you. I don't know. Draven's got CC.
He can, you know. No, I uh I I agree. I
think one thing I'm really going to be
looking for in drafts specifically is I
think hyper carries could be much
stronger on this patch than they were
previously. We already started to see
some uptick in Zary play in, you know,
obviously Kais already being prioritized
here in the LPL, but these champions
that can be a bit strong in the later
half of the game. I'm interested to see
if that's going to be a big adjustment,
a big shift. Um, if that's the case, I
think junglers are going to need to
adapt in that way as well. But, um,
really only to be determined. I know
sometimes these teams, especially
mid-split, it can be hard for them to
feel comfortable going to something
entirely different, even if it's a new
patch right in the middle of the week.
Especially BLG played yesterday, FPX
played two days ago. It's not like
there's been a ton of time to adapt, so
we'll have to wait and see. Hey, uh you
just get new experiences uh right back
to back from each other. Uh we'll be
getting into it now. It is a 1v one for
side select of this Fearless Best of
three. Blue side is king. Uh more than
likely whoever wins this one will be
choosing blue side for game number one.
But if you don't know the rules, it is
first turret, first two kills or once
the Ring of Fire spawns, first kill.
And that opens the door for some
aggressive play. We got pretty lucky
yesterday in the 1v ones with some uh
double kill action. I'm hoping we get to
see both of them really duke it out
here. Um we don't want to see any The
one earlier was wild. Yeah, it was super
crazy earlier today. So, we've gotten
pretty lucky. We'll see if we can uh
keep that up tick going in terms of the
aggressiveness. I think in the early
lane here, um it's really just going to
be about whoever can get that first
trade down, you know, successfully. Way
should have quite a bit of damage and
he's going to exert it. Unfortunately,
on is a bot laner. Maybe he can actually
fight this one out. Oh, he missed the
auto and just gives the Ramis thumbs up.
The Teemo thumbs up. hits him with the
wombo emo combo.
Yeah, maybe a bit of a an execution dip
there on the side of uh on the side of
on. He's going to be real happy to pick
up not only that kill, but obviously all
of the CS, crash it into the tower. That
is uh uh pretty massive for I'm glad to
see these guys following our lead. We
didn't want to see them play safe. We
didn't want to see them, you know, play
passive. Dwayne goes in, tries to get
the trade off. It doesn't work. That's
all right. You know, you got another
shot here on the Jace.
I love it. Dwayne's like laughing. He's
having fun. He's, you know, having a
little bit of of laugh to it. Now is
laughing too, but he was like stone cold
serious for that little bit, which is
not normal. He's locked in. Locked in on
the Draven. I'm tired of I'm tired of
losing these 1 v ones. I'm going to win
one. Although I still want to know what
the percentage of wins are from winning
the 1 v one cuz I I do like maybe I'm
just thinking maybe I'm biased or
something or maybe it's just happened in
my games a lot but I I feel like the
winner of the 1 v one loses a lot of
times in the series. I don't know. Oh
interesting. I would think I'm crazy,
you know, just just off of my I'm going
off feeling by the way. Yeah. No, of
course not kind of bounds. Hey, gut
feeling versus stats. You know, you can
take them or leave based analysis. Who?
He who needs that? Who needs him? Oh my
god. Oh. Oh, the whirling death, too. He
gets hit on the back end. Oh, the step
up, the stand aside, and there you go.
Easy two zero kills for Odd. He finds
his redemption. He gets that one v one
win. Uh, and it was on the Draven of all
things, making Elk proud. Uh, Dwayne
having a little bit of fun with it, but
that will mean that BLG will probably
get blue side for game one. Yeah, I
mean, blue side's massive. We talked,
you just mentioned how sometimes, you
know, you can lose the 1 v one, win the
series. Blue side really does make it,
in my opinion, pretty pivotal to be at
least trying hard in that 1 v one. Blue
side's been so important, especially for
these two teams. Again, Bichuan, you
want him to be comfortable, and on a new
patch, you want to be able to control
your own comp. You don't want to have to
try and react too much. Um, I think that
getting blue side helps a ton with that.
Billy Billy has been way better on blue
side across this year, as has FPX. And
so definitely going to be interesting to
see how things end up going down. I'm
excited to see where the jungler
priority goes. I would imagine that's
where a lot of the bands will head
outside of things like maybe.
Yeah, I think that has to be in there
unless they're willing to take it on is
a cooker. He does love to uh find a lot
of different picks in that bot lane. Uh
but we'll see what that kind of priority
goes to in bot lane, but also more so in
jungle if we get some early bands
towards there. I do wonder like is the
pantheon for shadow going to be enough
to pressure B1 who has been playing
those more facil or at least looked
better on the facilitators as a part of
BG than he did on that Zenzou. Uh but it
is going to be a little bit of a
difference of how they want to pay play
the pace of the game early on. Yeah, I
think that jungle pick from FPX will
tell us almost everything we need to
know about what their strategy for this
whole series will be. If we see Pantheon
come out, they're clearly just saying,
"Okay, well, we feel good about what we
do. We feel good about playing around.
You know, our lane's trying to play
through macro and winning that way. We
could see a Seduani takeaway early on.
You know, I expect VI bands to come out.
That's what we saw yesterday against
Bichuan. Um, but if a Seduani takeaway
comes in, that makes sense. Lilia, I
think, would also be a pretty dead
giveaway as to where they want to put
some of that pressure. I think all of
those things are are pretty big options.
But if BLG is going to have first pick,
I imagine they're just going to lock in
whatever they feel most comfortable for
Beijuan here and uh just just go from
there. Yep. Well, they are on blue side.
We'll see what they go with in that
first pick. We'll see what's left on the
table as we get into draft of our first
game of our second series of the day.
We're just getting started, y'all. So,
make sure you lock in. It's BLG versus
FPX. BLG on blue side. Banana away the
Varys and the Yona. We also get the VI
and that Nico from FPX there from their
own side of things trying to whittle
down some of those pools. Yeah, they're
scared of Nico. You called it out that
playmaking. You don't want to give
anybody that champ right now. We see the
Zing Xiaou come out. BG did not look
comfortable with Zing Xiaou yesterday.
It felt like they were pretty behind the
eightball when they tried to play
through that, but the VI and the Nefiri
were permanently banned against BG
through all yesterday. That's going to
carry through. I imagine this will be
Rumble is left up, but so is Gwen. So,
uh, could very much be a trade of some
AP top laners there if they want to go
that direction. But, uh, Rumble for Ben
gives him a way to continue to be active
in a side lane, but also make a lot of
impacts uh, in a team fight. We didn't
see it executed perfectly yesterday,
but, you know, Ben is a very good
player. I think it's nice to have a
priority pick like this. True. As uh
immediately the Pantheon Tia locked in.
I like this combo from these two.
Yeah, I you want to play the map. I
mean, this is again we we wanted to see
what FPX wanted to do. We called out
that they had a couple of different p
different pathways they could go here
and draft and they go for their style.
The Pantheon to Leia, their most played
jungle mid duo the entire split up until
this point. It's very very comfortable
for Shadow and Care. Bishuan hovering
that Scarnner. is going to be locked.
That was what he looked great on
yesterday. It's what he got his MVP on
yesterday. And Scarnner is just such an
easy champ to really execute with what
seems to be a lot of uh you know, press
R potential here from the rest of the
combo. Yeah, immediately I'm trying to
think of a of a cool name to give the
the Rumble Scarnner Misfortune uh combo
because that's that's a heck of a wombo
combo for BLG. I mean, if B1 can find
that com uh that at least set up for Ben
and for Elk, they'll have massive team
fight implications. But now we get the
Gwen locked in for FPX. So throwing down
the gauntlet a little bit and saying if
you let this Gwen get out of hand, this
side lane, it can just fall away. And
FPX can take advantage of that through
Shear.
Yeah, Shear has been underratedly very
good for FPX throughout a lot of this
year. I think that there was some
concern that maybe he wasn't going to be
able to step in and perform the same way
that he did on a very talented JD Gaming
roster last year, but I think a lot of
the positives that he showed in 2024
have carried over so far into 2025,
which is nice. I'm interested to see
where they put their pressure there. But
we do see the expected midlane bands
coming out for FBX. It's just going to
be things that, you know, kind of tear
apart the overall macro idea that FPX is
going for. to the silus an easy takeaway
to not be able to match that to Leia.
It's actually going to be the Corki
coming in as the second ban. Definitely
expected um you know perhaps a rise ban
or you know maybe even a Gallo if you
wanted to take that away but wanting to
take away a carry from Knight here.
Okay, time trying to take some of the
dualprong carries away. It's also going
to be the Kaisan in the end towards
Awesome. Take away some of that follow
through with the Pantheon that has been
so clinical from FPX. The Allistar is
this first pick for FPX in the second
phase. Now looking at the one-two answer
from BLG in the second phase itself.
Yeah, I imagine you're looking at
something to really set up this wombo
combo. Some sort of a big engage threat.
Um obviously Re would be good for the
comp, not so good for the matchup, but
oh my gosh,
let's just go.
That's huge. That is absolutely. Look at
the smile on this devilish face, man.
That is absolutely massive. In a series
where we talked about the mid jungle duo
being super super important, Knight
whips out the Zed. I mean, if that's not
a challenge, I don't know what is. He's
going into cares to Leia into something
that's so comfort for FPX. And now it is
going to be an Rakan to tie things
together for this composition. I'm
excited for this game number one.
If you wanted as much hype as possible,
here you go. Here's the excitement that
you could all the excitement you could
ever need right here with Knight playing
Zed. We've seen some Zed pop up
occasionally in proplay. Often times in
the jungle, though, so I'm excited to
see a player like Knight who is starting
to get hot at the right time. I'm
excited to see him really throw down
that challenge. But it's going to be an
aggressive AD carry on the other side
with the Lucian here. That's the first
I'm looking at it right now. This guy
has been around since 2017. That's the
first competitive Zed he's played, which
is absolutely awesome. Uh, if I'm wrong
at me, I I looked through the Leipedia.
If it's not there, I don't know. That is
so damn awesome from Knight. And it's a
changing of the pace. It's a changing of
the moment for BLG. They're trying to
strike when the iron's hot, when Betron
comes in, when they energized by this
new jungler. I do still really like the
answer from FPX and I really like the
Lucian from Awesome. Yeah, I think this
is going to be a really fun matchup, but
I do think we're dividing these teams
into quadrants here. I think a lot of
early pressure can be expected from FPX.
So, Lucian really locks that in, but
awesome is going to have to play really
well in this game to generate that early
lead. You want that Pantheon to Lia
moving around the map. the more stagnant
that they become, the more they give
pressure over to BLG or at least take
neutral trades, the more I think that
favors BLG, their pick potential in the
late game. And that wombo combo with a
Zed diving the backline terrifying,
especially with that talent. So, I'm
excited to see how they pull it off. The
golden left hand trying to pick up the
slack himself now for BLG. But this is
literally a rematch from earlier this
week where FPX took down BLG. It
signified the moment of change for BLG.
Beichuan has come in. He won last night
with BLG. Maybe this is the change they
needed to write the ship in the second
round robin here in group ascend. And as
we crest over into our second series of
the day, we've got an exciting one for
game number one. We'll see an important
series between BLG and FPX here as the
Spirit Blossom event has taken hold of
the Rift. All the changes you could ask
for in the most important times in the
split here. It's going to be a lot of
fun. We got Knights Zed. We've got Cares
Tia. We've got all the focus on Baywat
if he really is the prodigy that BLG
need to make a difference. Game one
kicking off
now. This gorgeous new intro package for
the new map as well. Oh, I'm so excited
for this new patch, for the new
map. I am pumped for this game. We are
getting into it now.
[Music]
Getting the Gios here very soon, but uh
a little bit delay there with the uh the
cool reveal of the map. And now
everything's green and blue.
[Music]
Wow. Yeah, one BLG for Billy Billy
Gaming One Gio. Wow. That really goes to
show where they've been over the course
of this year. I think maybe a lot of
people who were excited about this team
last year might be a little less excited
this year, but they've got the chance to
win them back here with the new roster
change. Seen a little bit of trading go
down, but I don't imagine too much
happens here in the 2v2 at level one.
talking about the early game and what to
expect from these teams though. Again, I
think the onus is more so on fun to make
a lot of things happen as early as
possible. The later this goes, I think
the scarier you start to feel around
these ultimate engages, but
some traded exhaust burned early. The
barrier also popped by OB. So, a couple
summoner spells there like you said,
trying to gain pryo in this bot lane 2v2
as well as it is going to be both
junglers pathing away from here. So, the
lane lead that you get is going to be
all yours, and that's why you grab the
misfortune.
Yeah, it's uh a very interesting trade.
I think both preventative summoners
being popped there just to make sure
that no funny business ends up
happening. But, it's funny. I I really
don't think that any of these lanes are
guaranteed to go one way or the other in
terms of the 1 v one or 2v2
respectively. I think a lot of the early
game is going to be decided by this
pressure. Shadow. Um, it's going to be
uh really up to the Pantheon on what
plays he wants to make and he could be
looking here early, but it's going to be
the ward. So, uh, do do you have any
experience with the Zed versus Pia match
up? Do you know who uh who who wins out
of the lady phases? I'd like to believe
this is close to even, at least from my
perspective. Zed generally is going to
have a lot of lane pressure, especially
after level three. So, um, you're
definitely going to be worried about
him, you know, snowballing, especially
if wants to put pressure into that mid
lane match up, but isolated, I'm not
sure that one is going to get a gigantic
lead over the other. I would imagine
Car's ultimate goal will be to move
here, and that's exactly what it looks
like he's going to do. Try to get some
vision onto that.
Like, we are just going to get the full
clears coming out here from both
junglers. and uh was talking uh with
Aale earlier tonight from the LTA and uh
he was saying that maybe this opens up
more paths early on for junglers to find
avenues to make them a little bit more
personal and here make it a little bit
personal but against Knight of all
people even popping up the FBX logo they
fight first blood really proactive play
made there by Shadow use of the flash to
be able to set Knight behind early I
think when you're talking about a
potential even matchup that's how you
There's their own CC right back at
Shadow will be answered to in kind. Be
bait coming up with BLG's first kill of
the game. Excellent realm timer there
from. They have lane pryo down in the
2v2 and so it's basically free for him
to be able to move up. I don't think
Shadow expected that recon to be able to
make that play. At the end of the day,
it is a one for one trade, but gold
going into the pocket of Tia versus
Scarnner. Um, I believe that to be at
the advantage of BG at least quickly
here in the early game. We're going to
get a replay of exactly what happened in
the mid lane. It's just a great uh gank
here coming in from Shadow. Great
pathing to perfectly avoid the vision
and then wait for the Z to get out here.
Yeah, the stun coming through after the
flash too. Uh feels a little bit bad
there. See if they can continue this
pressure though as we've had the lane
adaptation here even before the Grubs
now spawning in three minutes at 8
minutes into the game. Uh it looks like
FPX wanted to switch out a little bit.
So they will take the first step towards
that. Elk and BLG will respond.
I was very curious to see if this was
going to change coming into this patch,
if we were going to see different timers
in terms of the lane swap going to the
top side. Doesn't seem like teams want
to adapt too much. They're about 30
seconds behind what they were uh last
patch. And so no major changes there,
but uh it will just be more of the
standard what we've seen from these two.
I imagine this is still favored towards
BG in terms of their skirmish around
this area, especially with Scarnner
having a bit more gold. I'm really going
to be watching Knight though. I think if
he's not going to be able to get that
push in the mid lane and the Tia is
going to be hitting that level six soon,
things can get interesting. But try to
go on to Elk here. He's got the
Vampirceptor though able to heal a
decent amount on. Also going to take a
huge amount of flack from
awesome. Things going to quiet down on
that top side. A little bit of pressure
there. And these are the kinds of
answers that we want to see coming
through and like the changes and what
the meta is going to bring cuz this rift
state is going to be very similar to
what we've seen in the recent past here
before all those big changes came
through. And now on a little bit of
recency here as FPX are going to find
another kill on BLG. Giving back
memories from earlier this week when FPX
beat BLG and now they have a 2 to one
kill advantage. Little bit of a gold
lead and a little bit of pryo on top
side too.
Yeah, a pretty big mistake there from
On. I I don't really know what he
expected. We talked about how they would
have theoretical 3v3 pressure if they
wanted to try to go for that, but
Shadow, of course, able to make that
roam quickly. It didn't matter. They
lost the 2v2. On was dead before he even
had a chance. He gets chunked out early.
Again, just a mistake coming in from the
BG bot lane. We've seen a couple of
these. It's a great job capitalizing
specifically from Dway. But, uh, with
dragon spawning, you know, uh, Infernal
going to be the first drake here. Going
to be interesting to see if Bichuan now
wants to prioritize that. Seeing how
things went on the top side, but Shadow
is here as well.
Just waiting for the big CC change. B1
has hit level six. Shadow going to be
getting closer, but level six is really
where things start to turn on for BLG. A
lot of these combinations can be a
recipe for disaster for FPX who do have
a little bit of a different take on how
they move into this mid game. You
definitely want to keep Shear in those
side lanes trying to keep as much
advantage onto Gwyn as possible. Bettoan
going to move in speaking of advantage
and take away Shadow's blue buff. And
Shear is being pressured in bot side.
Yeah, Shadow is uh going to be in a
little bit of a tough spot here. Shear,
is he going to be able to flash for it?
Oh, he's not going to go for it, but
Knight will. And they get him in the
end. That's a missed impale though. And
Knight will be locked down. Seismic
shoved and taken out as a response by
FPX. Everything that BLG do has been
answered to by FPX and vice versa as
Awesome will use that culling in top
side. Elk not level six just yet. TP
coming in mid being a bit surrounded by
BLG. It looks like things should go down
a little bit more calmly, but we're
going to have to pick up pressure as Elk
getting in trouble here. But Awesome, he
tanked the turret. Going to have to
flash and barrier. Both summoner spells
for both ADC's down. Grubs are up. The
fight is on the verge here. So many
resources burned before grubs even
spawn. This is the fun little adaptation
I guess that we are seeing from these
teams. They're not delaying any of their
fight timers. They're just delaying when
they can actually start these
objectives. But BLG going to gain that
pressure cuz Awesome on the top side
just expends everything to try that
tower dive onto Elk's going to flash in.
He's going to be able to get into the
pit now that there's only three grubs
spawning. It is super incredibly
important to try to get as many as
possible. Actually, the uh the beat uh
knock actually goes through for two out
of three. So, FPX should be able to
claim that one as well and get the first
one on their way to trying to secure the
feats of strength here. But FPX moving
in. BG did get the one. But this is a
little bit of that timer change. I feel
like maybe teams a little bit more used
to utilizing some of their abilities,
utilizing some of their resources
earlier and offsetting that timer now
that we do spot at 8 minutes for the
first grubs. Uh definitely seemed like a
little bit of uh a slow adaptation, more
so what we saw on the previous patch,
but a lot of resources burned only for
uh the grubs to be more of a minor
objective there for both of these teams.
I was expecting a bigger fight. That
being said, the gold lead is basically
neutral. Uh again, I want to reiterate,
I think the longer this stays neutral,
the better this is for BLG because of
that wombo combo they have. If they can
find the perfect fight, I think that
that could go in their favor. checking
in on these lanes though. I I don't have
time because we got to fight now. She is
pretty strong here. Seismic shove coming
down. Equalizer in. Bettoan getting low.
Bettoan going down. Car's going to get
the kill there. But now Knight comes in,
gets his own onto Shadow. The death mark
will mark you Shadow and you will go
down. A double kill to Knight who on his
first competitive Z is trying to pick up
BLG. Yeah. And Awesome also dies in the
bot lane in the 2v2. That's a massive
swing in favor of Billy Billy Gaming.
It's a really aggressive play coming in
from them. The Impale coming out from
Bichuan to really set that up. But
Knight getting the double kill there.
Three kills now onto the Z. It doesn't
take much for this champion to start
snowballing. This might be the push that
he needs in order to be really a game
breaker throughout a lot of this. But I
think this is a big play in terms of
tempo for BLG. We'll see if they want to
prioritize the dragon now on the bottom
side. But we're going to get a replay of
what exactly happened in the 2v2. see
who initiated this shift way being a
little bit far behind. Awesome tries to
dash beyond it, just doesn't get it. Way
too much damage. Yeah, just uh bit of a
misplay coming in there.
Overaggressiveness. Survived for a
little bit, but uh yeah, A's like,
"Nope, you're done.
He he forced the ultimate out. That's
something from the Oh, yeah. Yeah,
we we take whatever win we can get in
exchange. Or copium, whichever one you
Uh,
Volta has been completed there uh for
Knight. So, he's going to have a nice
little burst of damage in his first item
completion. Also there. So, first items.
Does that change the state of these
fights whatsoever as we see BLG
potentially starting up the first
dragon? I do. I I do think it changes
these fights quite a bit. If Knight gets
on any priority target, that's an
instant win for BLG. However, I do think
that FPX have more combat power here
than you might originally think. and see
if they want to even try to utilize it.
It should just be dragon for free here
to BLG. Obviously, Shadow not in a
position to try and contest this. He's
just going to get as much pressure on
the top side. But Knight, oh, he gets
the seismic shove. Guess there at least
on top of him. Now, Grand Starfall came
in and Knight, you cannot get away from
CC. Shadow takes it down. And honestly,
Shadow has had Knight's number all game
long. Yeah, we might not be done here.
Awesome with the culling. Um, looked
like Shadow was trying to make his way
down and they were trying to, you know,
maybe bait in a fight there, but just
didn't have the time. They find it here
though if Joy wants to go in. Doesn't
look like it's going to be Looks like
it's just going to be a little bit of a
dance. But that's exactly what we were
talking about, the catch in the mid lane
where I think it's sneaky just how
strong FPX are here. But prove it
potentially. I love it that both teams
hovering around this bot lane 3v3.
Shadow's had a really good response to a
lot of base one's early movements and
really that comfort between these two,
Shadow and Care coming alive here early
in game number one, but BLG trying to
put the screws to Shadow, go into his
jungle, steal away his blue again. A lot
of the time he has not been able to
secure his own jungle and we're going to
fight over. Double knock up the bullet
time and into the impale into all the
damage, but Shadow still gets the kill
back. has that execution damage, but now
Awesome in trouble as Knight gets
knocked up. Threeman from Dwayne, but it
did not matter. Elk with the pop shot
flash. He gets him and now is running
down Care. Care able to get away, but
BLG show some of that fighting strength.
It's great execution from BLG. They get
a big part of that wombo combo off the
impale into the bullet time to set that
up. We talked about how this ultimate,
you know, combination from BLG is so
dangerous. It's so scary for FPX and
that's what makes it so funny that
they're willing to fight over the blue
buff in this small closed quarter. We're
going to get a replay here. This is LPL
action. This is on engaging. Beichuan
following up and just really creating a
difficult situation for FPX. Shadow to
his credit tries to do as much as he
can. Awesome as well trying to put out
some damage, but uh Knight is just a
little too much on this Zen. Donating
those kills early to the mid laner ends
up really paying off for BLG. Man, Elk
getting aggressive again. It's what we
want to see, but we're already seeing
trading again. Yeah, he wants to take
him down now. Awesome really on the back
foot in this matchup. And once
Misfortune gets a little bit going the
mid game is where she thrives. And now
with the composition built the way they
have, right? Like all Bead has to do is
hit R at the right time on the right
people or at least just a couple people
and they can absolutely change a lot of
these fights. And I think that's a
really nice bar of execution to give a
new jungler on a team full of superstars
on a team that also isn't living up to
those expectations and is looking to
turn things around. Yeah, that's exactly
why we highlighted in draft that the
LG's comp was easier to execute on
because you've got that backup plan of
you just you need to hit one of them and
you can probably follow with the rest.
FPX need to start playing the map a bit
more. You're not out of this by any
means just yet. Pantheon to Leia is
still very dangerous if he can catch
with Gwen or Lucian. Shadow and Care
need to stay active on the map. He will
be able to secure the red buff here, but
we've got 18 seconds on Rift Herald
spawning. That's going to be the next
big objective that these teams are going
to fight over, but it could be a
collapse onto Bin. Ben realizes he's in
a lot of trouble. Grand Starfall Spear
comes through. There's the Weaver's Wall
as well, and Ben all by himself. But
Knight wants to clean up for his brother
in the solo lane. Maybe it's just
enough. Seismic Shove is no longer
available for Care. Now K might be that
focus, but Btoan, he wants to set up for
the impale. He gets one. Is it going to
be enough? They don't go with the bullet
time just yet. Elk holds on to it.
Patient as ever. Wait to see the whites
of their eyes as now BLG are looking
forward. Shadow's going to get that
re-engage as awesome. Can't get the kill
on the side. Elk is stepping up, making
it rain all over FPX and putting out
that fire of the Phoenix. Oh, it looked
like it could be just right for FPX in
that fight. It could have been finally
their time to find a pick. Of course,
it's a proactive play. That's what we
wanted to see from FPX, but
unfortunately BLG is able to make the
rotation pretty quickly. Awesome just
not able to land the calling on the
priority targets. So many members low
and he ends up basically full hitting
the uh half health scarnner rather than
any of the low target shadow though. No,
it's way too late.
I was really getting spicy there. That
would have been fun. Uh was maybe
looking for the steal. Isn't going to go
for it. Now we go back to this fight
setup in the top side trying to punish
onto Ben. They do end up getting that
initial punishment, but they pay heavy
for it. Yeah, once Knight gets here, it
becomes a lot more difficult because the
Zed can instantly burst down Shear and
that damage is now just gone. It's
obviously a great collapse coming in
from the rest of the team. The impale
could have been okay for FPX. It only
lands onto the Alistister, which is
definitely best case scenario, but you
can see Awesome in this fight just
getting zoned out by Beijuan. He wants
to get in there. Look at the low health
bars on. Not able to take down the
Scarnner and then the damage coming
through just doesn't have enough to pop
them through the rest of the fight. The
Lucian have potential to take over
there. It doesn't end up happening. But
BLG just taking these small leads over
and over again. And a five kill Zed, a
three kill Scarnner, and a Rumble that's
up 20 CS definitely going in their favor
even if FBX has now got the priority on
the dragon. Yeah, it looks like BLG just
going to take the back foot here. Give
this dragon over. let it even up in the
dragon score. And uh that being said, it
will just mean that they will trade this
topside turret to Knight, giving some
more gold to this guy on Zed of all
picks. Uh getting closer and closer to
second item. CG still do have some
standing gold, but they're not going to
be standing for long in mid lane as
they're getting knocked up, bounced
around. A little bit of a rebuttal made
it pale in F1. He just needs to deliver
for his big carries. Is he enough
though? As now he's being sliced up as
well and Shear is fighting some big
picks across these fights. Now he's
about to be shut down. Death mark goes
out. The pop is not going to be enough
as FPX find the rebuttal in mid
lane. Oh, that's exactly what FPX was
looking for. Shadow. Oh my god. How did
he not respect the damage coming in?
Ridiculous there. But still a good fight
overall for FPX, even if we do have a
little bit of a sour taste in our mouths
after that play. You know, we've been
talking about it. FPX have to stay
aggressive. They have to stay active.
You can say a lot about how Shadow has
played this game. But he has definitely
not been scared and see that with the
gold lead he's generated in the jungle.
We'll see the angle that they see here.
Again, just utilizing those globals and
being able to prioritize Dwey having
that full flash up. Just not enough
collapse here yet. If Knight's not going
to be here, this is a winnable fight.
Even with the impale, everything going
right for BLG. It looked miraculous, but
um they didn't have the cruise. They
didn't have the wombo. I guess they
didn't have the combo to the wombo. Uh
was dancing by himself.
Yes. Yeah. You can't you can't dance
without the music, you know, and that's
uh unfortunately what we saw there.
Shadow went for it and uh
just the fadeaway turret shot to to make
his day a little worse. But that
Pantheon's now sitting at two items.
It's It's not I mean I hate to say it
for BLG it's not over like you're not in
full control. FBX still has options here
and I think as long as they keep that
priority going but they are going to use
the rift here to take down that tier one
bomb. Might look for a double check
going to go try to go to mid lane. Let's
see. Would he be a king on Scion
Speedway? Here he goes. They're going to
try to stop him. The charge is going to
go through but he's in trouble now. He
is a Scarnner, so he's going to back out
now as they go for the instant in. But
they left Care. Car's still there, guys.
As now they're running down Elk. They
say you have to pay for what Care had to
pay for himself. It'll be the one for
one trade again. And that's been a theme
of the game so far. Looked a little
goofy from FPX, but it ends up being
fine overall. A one for one trade
certainly not bad when the Misfortune
has so much gold on the other side.
Another kill going over to Shadow.
That's six for this Pantheon. It's a
1.1k gold lead for him individually in
this match up, but they're not done. Oh,
Awesome actually tanked the turret
first, so he had to back off in that
initial one. They did end up taking the
turret anyways though, so that'll still
be a good boon for them. Unfortunately
though, BLG has taken that first turret,
so they won't get targeted for that.
They won't get the piece of strength
just yet. And we continue to go ever
forward in a match where both teams have
a lot of importance on this series going
into the second round, Robin. But more
importantly now it's about FPX trying to
pull back this gold lead that BLG has
acrewed for themselves with a lot of
comfort that has worked for them in the
past. My worry for FPX as we go further
on in this game is just it just takes
one mistake. Your your comp needs so
much more execution than BLG's does at
this point. I mean the pantheon to Leia
can create a lot throughout the map and
they can find these picks pretty
consistently. But you get caught by one
impale or a recon engage or even just
you get you know jumped on by Zed
becomes a lot more difficult. So you see
prioritizing an objective here. So this
is the thorn bound at a con that nice
explosive damage. Shadow maybe looking
for a grand starfall but not going to go
for it. So actually a pretty big
objective to just give over to BLG when
they are ahead and especially for FPX
when you are that team that we've
mentioned time and time again needs to
be in a good position. Uh giving that
over to BG is going to empower them ever
so much. And because of that they did
get the feats of strength as well. So a
nice little power boost coming through
for Billy Billy. A little surprised to
see FPX not try to contest that. I think
this new Adakon is is pretty strong. I
think the pop that you get um as the
extra bonus is really valuable. We saw
that in the first series for uh Oh,
yeah. for for WE, but um I definitely
think it's interesting. I I understand
FPX's reservations of wanting to take a
5v5 right now. I think the more you give
over to BG, the harder this becomes and
feeds of strength going over and having
this extra bonus now just for a bit of
extra damage to break through just
becoming harder and harder for them to
win a fight as we go along. Oh, awesome
wants to fight here now as they try to
catch out BLG in transition out of that
mid lane. Throwing up the soothing logo.
I love to see it. A little bit of
throwback across multiple members on
these teams. And now we're going to take
a look at this dragon setup. It would be
second dragon for either side. BLG again
they think I think they realize that
they're in a good position to kind of
keep this scaling going for themselves
and FPX going to try to push the tempo
and get their second dragon as it will
be seated by BLG. Yeah, I don't think BG
minds too much to give over this second
dragon. It's really not a priority for
them. I think their big priority here
obviously Baron spawning in 2 and 12
minutes is going to be establishing
pressure on the top side. They're going
to do that by trading a tier one bot
lane for a tier 2 top lane. Huge.
Certainly not a bad trade for BLG.
Shadow's got to start playing though. As
I say that, we get a fight. Knight's
going to get exhausted by Shear, but
Shear's still going to pop. Knight is
going to potentially get Oh, look at the
speed. He's going to flash out. Knight
with the moves. Seven and three on his
first competitive Zed. And the man is
saying, "This is my time now." As he's
going to get that outplay now. BLG want
to keep going. They want to keep the
fight going on Shadow. He's going to
Grand Starfall out. Nobody can stop him.
He throws out the emote just for the BM.
Oh my god, Knight. You You just He's
styling on him at this point. 73 and
three on the first ever Zed. Just a
disgusting play to be able to one v one
this win. We're going to see the full
exchange here, but there's some poke
going down. I'm interested to see. Yeah,
it's just Knightful engaging. And at
this point, the Zed is so strong. This
is through exhaust. It doesn't even
matter. And then the brilliant escape
here. This is the problem. just
perfectly flashing the Q and being able
to get out of there. That's uh that's
Knight back in form. And that's a scary
thought for FPX, but BG's not even done.
Tank it up for Awesome, but the Impale
might just be a little bit more than
Shadow expected. Knight gets another
kill there as he comes in trying to look
for even more under turret here. BLG,
they're vibing as they take that big
pick. Now they can look into Shadow's
jungle, too. Oh, way is over way
overextended. He's going to pop that
unbreakable maybe by time he gets base
one. Base one flashes out of the seismic
shove buys so much space for BLG. And
now she's going to have to dash over the
wall and get away. BLG looking very
consistent in a lot of their direction
in these fights. The Mark of Death is
back up if Knight wants to take the
engage, but they'll just take the scraps
that FPX left in the jungle.
This is a completely different team than
what we saw against FPX the first time
they played this week. They are so much
more comfortable now playing the map
than they were even earlier, you know,
this week, even just a couple of days
ago. It's so fun to see. We talked about
the vibes kind of being off for BG. I
think it's fair to say the vibes felt a
little off at the beginning of the split
for them. They're not off anymore. It
feels like this team is very, very much
in their own bag right now. And we're
seeing them push the limits of the map
and feel comfortable taking almost any
exchange. These exchanges never end. And
that favors CLG. He's going to have to
flash. Sometimes all it takes is a
change of environment and for some
reason that's seemingly a trend for BLG.
So I don't know what goes on in the
structure, the organization, things like
that. But it just feels like these
changes reinvigorate the squad in a lot
of ways. And I know even uh there was a
lot of hubbub about oh Ma got fired. the
the interesting approach is that they
are doing something very unique in the
fact that they are having one coach
focus on game one, another coach focus
on game two and vice versa going through
the series to really give themselves a
different perspective from the coaching
staff side and the kind of drafts they
can approach with. And so maybe this
this is an interesting iteration to see
Knight on the Zed, but maybe it's this
kind of new iteration of BLG where
they're trying to flex their muscles a
little bit more and that invigoration is
working out. It's really cool to see how
teams have adapted to Fearless, but be
seeing more aggression here. On and
Knight are very deep.
Very safe though. Knight's fine. A
little worried for On. I think they're
going to be all right. He's trying to
live his best said life himself. Uh oh
god, Shadow. He's going to block a ton
of it, but now he gets impaled into the
fight and Ben going to cut off the choke
point and the bullet time on top of it.
Baitan leading the flag of BLG into FPX
is now Knight will just get himself out
as it's a pop onto Awesome. Shar's going
to get one back. Knight's waiting to
take down the young FPX top laner and a
double kill comes through. Triple kill
rather for Elk as BLG go to the Baron.
It's just a disaster for FPX again. A
fight that looks like it theoretically
could be okay. BLG so far forward. You
do get the exhaust down on Tite. you're
trying to, you know, stifle him as much
as possible. It doesn't matter when you
give 10 kills to a Z, you start to do
some damage. That bullet time was
gorgeous from Elk. He followed up on
that incredibly well. We're going to see
it here. You know, I think the original
thought is like, we got to catch them.
We absolutely have to get on them here
because if we don't, we're just going to
bleed out. You know, the teleports are
going to be coming in here as we get to
the back half of the fight. But the
moment that this impale comes down and
Shadow gets locked up, it's very
difficult here. Dway tries to salvage it
by flashing in but doesn't actually land
anything. And uh you could say from this
point onwards it becomes a little bit
more difficult to get even through the
exhaust. That damage is just too much
for awesome. And uh FPX in a latch a
last ditch effort ends up unfortunately
coming out on the wrong side of that and
just really seating full control to BLG.
and a team like BLG is not one to uh
lose that control. Even if we have seen
some fluctuation from them a lot of the
time it's cuz the game gets way out in
front of them. Uh we still see a lot of
consistency from BLG, especially since
these last uh last couple games in the
last series last night uh or two nights
ago and then uh now seeing as well that
FPX series earlier and seeing the
differences that we end up seeing from
this roster from this team and it was
through a lot of facilitation for BAT. I
mean, he was early active and playing
between some of the greatest stars the
LPL has to offer seems to pay off.
As we see them starting to siege down
this tier 2 with that Baron buff should
be pretty free for them to see Knight by
himself in the mid lane, but I just
there's no collapse possible for FPX.
Shadow's going to be looking, but he
realizes he can't do it cuz the edge of
Knight. Oh, and Banana is here. His
entire combo is just done. He can't do
anything. The impale will go out. It
will miss though. The tier 2 tower
falls. Nothing for BLG to really play
back towards. They still have their big
combo available just without the impale.
We talked about it in draft Miselle. We
said that BLG were going to be pretty
scary in terms of how this comp was in
the late game. I think they've lived up
to that billing. But one thing I'm
really going to be watching out for is
where exactly do they want to try and
find their engages. They were really
patient in game three yesterday to be
able to take down way. I want to see if
that patience extends to this game here.
I still think that they can get away
with being a bit more aggressive in this
one, but Awesome might be the one trying
to pull the trigger here. Yeah, very
close there to getting that one going.
No damage. Absolutely no damage coming
in from the culling on the Lucian.
What's so crazy and we have I mean it's
a 10,000 gold lead. BLG are going to be
finishing this one out easily, man. We
might even see that here as awesome.
It's just dying to the burn and Knight
just comes to finish him off. But this
team literally played on in a completely
different patch. Just their last series,
they won that one and now they come out
swinging in the first series for them on
this new patch on the complete change of
Summoner's Rift. And they come out with
a Zed for Knight in an absolute smashing
performance against FPS. It's just a
dominant victory in every aspect. I I
give credit to FPX. They understood that
they had to try to make plays, but when
you're going up against the Titans that
are BG, it's hard. And's going to try
and seal the deal here.
Try to get that lasting. Bot doesn't
have any mana, but the bullet time has
come back up. Not going to be able to
finish the game off just yet. The inhib
in mid lane will fall though. And BG
back away with two inhibs taken.
Yeah, I think it's delaying the
inevitable for FBX here as their base
has been broken wide open. But with
everybody coming back up, it's the wise
decision to back off and, you know,
recoup here. But I just want to give a
ton of props to BLG cuz again, I don't
even think FPX like misunderstood the
assignment or anything of that nature. I
think they understood that Shadow and
Care needed to try and find Pig. Shadow
had a pretty decent early game trying to
match Baywan, but that one fight
appropriately for the LPL around that
blue buff really ended up going south
for them pretty quick. that gave a
little bit too much gold over to BG and
the moment that Knight started to get
fed. We saw it in side lane. We saw it
in team fights. There's no way to shut
down this Z. Knight is back in MVP level
form. And we're talking about one of the
best players in LPL history,
but we actually see on here now. Yeah,
on's in a lot of trouble. He's going to
try to get out. Does dodge away.
Is going to help. And Banan going for
the impale combo. It's not up for 8
seconds though. So, he's waiting to buy
his time. Knight just finishing the job
without it. Says you can just be my
mannequin and stand there and pose for
me as he's going to fight even more. Ben
cleans up the back half. A triple kill
for Gigabid as BLG backto back days on
different patches. They won last night
and they're looking to go to match point
in this series.
Utter dominance. Absolutely brilliant
from BLG. They dominate the fight. They
dominate the game and they'll take it
here.
Spirit Blossom just seems to work, I
guess, for BLG. But Knight Zed 11 and
three on it. The first competitive Zed
we've seen from this guy and coming out
to to lead BLG with Beuan under tow with
those combinations we saw from them. And
at this point, I don't know if it's
necessarily Banan or a symptom of what
happens when you get a new
jungler. Something's different with this
BLG team.
they are playing. They have shown up to
play some League of Legends now. It's
all right. Oh, yeah. I think that they
are executing and and and that's just
it's what we want to see. We didn't want
to see BLG struggle. We don't want to
see them at five and five as you can see
at the bottom of your screen. We want to
see this team dominate. They came out
here and dominated again. I think FBX
understood the assignment. They
understood what they were supposed to
try and do. The LG was so much better in
this game in almost every aspect. Um
they really played the map well. I think
they understood that their crazy pick of
the Zed really needed to get accelerated
and the moment that they were able to
get that online. They started taking a
ton of fights in close quarters to
really enable the equalizer bullet time
combo and everything really just fell
into place after that. Yeah, the ease of
execution just makes it easy for uh a
lot of our biggest stars to to have
great plays. And I just I have to give a
heartfelt shout out to both teams. I
know and I'll probably be saying this
for the rest of the night to every team,
but these are professional
organizations. These are players that
play this on a daily basis. They
literally just got dropped into a
completely new patch. Literally today
when BLG just played yesterday and I
just have to say like the prep is
definitely difficult for these teams.
And I think BLG definitely tried to
throw a wrench into the works and FPX
didn't really have an answer for it with
that Z pick in mid against the Tia. And
that was a matchup that I really wanted
to focus on tonight in combination with
the jungle and especially the new
combination between Bichan and Knight. I
think it's a powerful one to move
forward and I want to see them play
towards that a little bit more as well.
A lot of comfort coming in from BLG. The
Scarnner worked yesterday. Why would it
not work today? Who cares if it's a new
patch? The impales are going to be
effective no matter the the situation.
The same ability. Yes. And I think the
thing that worries me for FPX when you
talk about the mid jungle is that they
got comfort in game number one.
Pantheonia is their most played mid
jungle duo and they were not able to
pick up the win on that. You can see the
gold difference over time. and the gold
graph. They are just exponentially
getting worse over the course of that
game, but shockingly it was actually Elk
and Bin to be topping the charts here.
Not shockingly for Elk, but definitely
expected uh Bin to be a little bit
lower. That's the Rumble for you there.
But overall, just everything you want to
see from BLG. Bins uh Rumble deserves
its flowers as well. There was once a
time not long ago where Ben's Rumble was
not looked at in good light, but uh
after the international performances and
uh being a little bit more consistent on
the pick, it's definitely one of his
powerhouse picks now. Uh and it was just
again a really good kind of combo that
uh BLG were going for. Very clear in
draft and the execution followed. And
now going into a game two, you have to
expect FPX is going to be on the blue
side. They got comfort. I think the
biggest thing that maybe went arry that
could have changed the game a little bit
in their favor was that bot lane setup
and the fact that Elk did go up early uh
in the Misfortune matchup which led them
to have a lot more priority in a lot of
these fights. So maybe getting something
a little bit more consistent for Awesome
in that bot lane 2v2 and for Dwight.
Yeah, we said it a bit in the uh pregame
here, but hyper carries, I think that
they're playable right now. And if you
want Awesome to feel a little bit more
comfortable down on the bottom side of
the map, there are a lot of hyper
carries that, you know, he has performed
well on and played already over the
course of this split. Whether that be
the Jinx, you can even go really crazy
for something like Kog'aw if you really
wanted to do that. I know some people
are really buying in right now. I'm not
saying that I'm buying the stocks, but I
know some people are excited. But, um,
there are options available. I'm just
going to be curious to see what they
want to prioritize early in the draft. I
would imagine they want to try and take
away some of these bigger combos.
Something that I think Shadow would feel
very comfortable on would be maybe like
a Sichuan Yona. Uh would really expect
to see that prioritized, but overall
it's just got to be something you feel
like you can you can tempo with because
the big problem in this game was them
losing early on a comp that needed to
tempo early. And the moment that they
lost that pressure, the wombos came in
and the team fights came in. They just
they couldn't really uh stand back up
after that. Yeah, they they could not.
There was no ground to stand on. It been
taken out from under them. And uh it
does come from a place where FPX were a
little bit of uh kind of the the
underdog in this series. Even with those
recent changes to BLG, it's still a
stacked roster and it's still a roster
we expect to be able to show up on the
day if they are feeling it. And uh FPX
now even more so have their backs
against the wall cuz they are the ones
that beat BLG earlier this week. Just on
Monday they faced off and ended up
taking them down 2 to1. But it is a
different beast tonight apparently. And
the second round Robin hitting a bit
different for
FPX. I think I'm excited to see the
adaptations from FPX. They've been
pretty good in best of threes in terms
of you know making changes and being
able to build upon series. They've had a
lot of 21-1 comebacks and so I'm
certainly not counting FPX out. This is
a team that has upset the odds multiple
times already. They went to three games
against BG earlier in the week when they
beat them. So, um definitely not saying
that it's over, but uh they definitely
need to kick it into gear now. Yeah. try
to find a little bit of jungle matchup
that's going to work out for Shadow to
potentially have more of a say uh in the
setup of team fights for for FPX as well
cuz Bad is looking good when he does
that and maybe a little bit more
presence on the VI and things along
those lines in the second game as well
with those bands. But now we got to
think about MVP. It has to go tonight. I
if it doesn't go tonight I'm going to be
really upset. I'm going to be upsetting
spaghetti.
I don't think there is even a
conversation to be had here. If it's not
Knight on Zed, then I don't think we
were watching the same game. I met that
guy. Hey, I got to meet 957 when I went
to Cion. It was really cool. He's so
nice. Oh my god, he is so nice. He
showed us the entire stadium. It was so
cool. Yeah. Yeah. I
uh beautiful. I'm off. I'm gone. Bye.
See you. Sorry.
Nope. Nope.
I'm not coming back. I I don't know what
to say. I'm not coming back. Well, you
see what you've done, LPL broadcast.
You've broken Miselle. You've broken
Miselle. Nice first to Zed. Come on. Are
you kidding
me? Whatever. It's fine. Beethuan, he's
the hotness. He's the new guy. Whatever.
Not biased whatsoever. The impales were
great. You know, I I think some some
great setups there. You certainly can
some credit. No, Robbed. We're going to
break. We'll see you for game number
two, but we'll see fun hopefully in game
number two.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Welcome back everyone to LPL English,
your unofficial home for everything LPL.
I'm Miselle. I'm joined by Kayman. That
unofficial part is going to be really
important for this next statement that
I'm going to say. Knight was freaking
robbed for his MVP. Give that man the
MV. We're giving the official LPL
English MVP of that game number one
tonight. I don't I'm not I'm making the
call. I don't know. We're not We don't
have anything for it. But anyways, we do
have something cool. Uh because if
you're new here or you haven't been
around, you haven't heard cuz uh Mobile
Trainer is something that's really
important to us, really important in uh
training yourself for League of Legends
because this new app teaches you with a
series of puzzles. So, just boot up the
program here that we're going to do
right now. We're going to work through
puzzles every day, which we've been
working through as a broadcast. Been
pretty fun uh to improve your game
knowledge. You select the puzzle from
the map. You answer the questions and
unlock more features as you go. Let's do
one right now. I don't remember which
one we're going to do for producer Kai.
It is using lane cryo as uh make sure
you uh get a little bit of top lane
shenanigans going. This is going to be
Zest on the Jace coming through. Kman,
we got to make a decision. What should
Jace do? We're going to take a look.
Push the wave or go to Elise.
Yeah, this one last night. I think we
did. And I believe the answer was push
the wave, but it's the same reasoning.
Camille is out of lane trying to make a
play on the Elise. And we got to punish
that. We got to crash this wave. Yeah,
let's go ahead and push the wave. Let's
punish. See what it says. Good choice.
Let's go. We got top lane knowledge. We
got top lane knowledge. Uh so we're
going to go ahead and see Jayce push out
this lane and uh then go ahead and move
over as Camille was getting collapsed
on. We'll see Camille go into the Baron
pit and get engaged on as well. But
Jay's next decision coming up. Flash to
help Elise who just flashed or went over
into a 1v2 or go back to lane and say
good luck Elise. H well you're
definitely not flashing over. Camille is
going to be right on that blast cone and
so um she will be quite safe. So, no
wasting the flash. Wasting the flash
there. Okay, Elise is fine. Luckily, you
didn't troll your teammate. Your
teammate didn't troll you. It's fine.
Uh, Zest going forward now. Moving up
towards this top side. The next decision
will be coming up here shortly.
Actually, a Reququum coming through from
the distant
Carus jungle that Kavi that Kavi by the
way just killed. Uh, if you don't know
Konavi, there you go. As we're going to
take a look at the last moment here.
Take the tower or recall. Which one we
got? Well, Elise is on the objective
right now. Camille is down. 20 CS, a
full half an item. You take this tower.
There's nothing Camille can do to stop
you from taking this tower. All right,
let's take it. We got the demolish proc
ready to go. Bam. You have demolish
Elise's hover. Easy. Let's go ahead and
watch this one play out here as uh good
decisions there, team. We're making
progress. We're learning about top lane.
And if you enjoyed that, yeah, if you
enjoyed that, you can subscribe for 20%
off and unlimited puzzles using our code
LPL20. Proceeds will benefit the mobile
trainer designers and the LPL English
unofficial broadcast. So, start leveling
up your game today. We got some good
scores there. Good job, Kman. High five.
Let's go. Uh, anyways, we're going to be
getting into game number two of this
series. An important one for both sides.
BLG versus FBX. BLG looked like a
different beast. Between come in, he's
facilitating for the big stars. And just
after losing to FPX earlier this week,
now BLG are a match point to take them
down two-0. It's starting to get a
little bit scary for FPX heading into
this game number two. One of the things
that I think should calm their nerves a
little bit though is going back onto
blue side. I think that's been huge for
them and it's been huge for everybody in
the LPL over the course of this year.
Specifically, yeah, you know, you
wouldn't think, but uh specifically for
Bashuan, who has definitely been a
player that's really needed that
priority early. Um it's going to be
interesting to see how he adapts as we
get into draft here. We start to see
some of these early bands. The number
one thing I'm watching for is if there's
going to be a Yona ban coming in from
Billy Billy Gaming. I think that's
really going to be a high priority first
pick here if they want to leave it up
that or the Seduani. Preferably both if
you're FPX, but it's going to be the
Varys, Yoric, Scion, and Nico to start
here. We're looking for Shadows style
that he wants. Bettoan is absolutely
going to go for facilitator. That's
what's worked for him since he's joined
with BLG. as we get through it. The
Poppy is going to be that final ban for
FPX. It's joined by the AI there for
BLG. So, taking away maybe that kind of
vi combination that could be possible
for Shadow and for Car. But first pick
is important. FPX on blue side, they got
to make it worth it. The VI is the lock
in. Yeah, I am shocked by the VI being
the lock in here. I thought with Yona
up, that would definitely be something
that Care would want to prioritize. He's
played it a ton over the course of this
year, but they want to go for the VI
instead. Why not really let through?
Shadow just gave us the stare like the
the wholesome kind stare. That was wild.
I love to see that. You You got to love
You got to love the emotions running
through these players right now.
Couldn't tell if he was like being
aggressive, inquisitive, curious. He's
being nice. We get the Zenzou anyways
for Bichuan. So, that is the normal meta
of the VI versus the Zenzou, but it's
also something that didn't necessarily
work out for Buan the first time around
last night. Yeah, this does feel a bit
out of character for BLG. I think they
still are maybe to an extent limit
testing what they feel comfortable with.
Obviously, Waybo is a very good team and
so, you know, maybe you didn't get a
full idea of what the the Zing Xiaou
could do for you, but it's going to be
the Jace as the follow lock. I mean,
it's very clear where BLG want to go. We
talked about early tempo, early
pressure. Uh, that's what they're
indexing entirely into. The skirmishing
potential in the mid game already pretty
off the charts for BLG. I imagine more
proactive mid laners coming in here for
FPX. See what the answer to the Jace on
the top side will be. It looks like it's
the Ambessa for now. It's going to be a
big comfort pick for Shear. Uh
definitely loves finding those backline
accesses with the public execution. Now
I want to see the combination that
you're going to grab for this mid
jungle. It's going to be the rise. So
still something that we have seen from
Care before, but it gives him that
mobility out of mid lane once you hit
that level six mark and a lot of power
in the scaling opportunities. Yeah, the
rise to me was a no-brainer here. If
you're going to pair anything up with
the Vi right now in this meta when Tia
or Ari are off the board, I think it has
to be the Rise. something that can move
around like that. But it's a global
match here from BLG with Knight going
onto the Gallo. He's been really
successful on this champ over the
course, I believe, of this split and his
career. But um really excited to see the
combat power that BLG are establishing
early to try and match the uh overall
map potential that FPX have. It is the
first time he's played it this split and
last split he was really devastating on
it as well. It's definitely towards the
style of him not being super hyper carry
this time around. Although I will give
it to him. I mean, Gallo can do some
devastating things uh with the builds
that you can go with it. But still
taking the onus out of him a little bit.
Maybe a little bit more so towards Ben,
but also maybe towards Elk and on as we
get into the second phase of bands. It's
towards these ADCs as it's already the
Kai'Sa banned by BLG. FPX ban away the
Ezreal that Elk just popped off on last
night. Yeah, I expect uh Jin to
potentially be a banned to come in here
as well just to take away safety
options, especially for FPX, who I think
really want to try and make a lot of
these proactive plays, but even BLG
would benefit from taking something like
Jyn off the board. But it's going to be
the opposite route. We're going the
completely different direction here with
the Draven as the Draven is I'll give
him that. Oh, yeah. I mean, if if you're
talking about player diff, you you
definitely don't want to give awesome
what people consider to be his most
comfortable champion, but it's actually
going to be the Ranata. kind of a pseudo
Kalista band coming in there um as the
uh the final one. Bit intriguing, but
we're getting a bunch of sub tweets uh
you know this time around. You had the
Ari band from the VR. You get the RNA
band so the Kalista isn't there. Just go
ahead and add them. Gosh, get it over
with. A lovers duo may be coming through
here for BLG if they can make it to that
counter pick, but right now it is the
Zia for Elk.
Yeah, the the Rakan was picked by BG and
it was this would just No, Fearless is
it's a lot to track, but uh this would
just be the Zia and Elk loves Zia. Elks
played Zia forever. Um this was a
comfort pick for them a lot last year.
It is very safe, but we were talking
about the hyper carries. We were talking
about things that could play a little
bit more main character late game for
Awesome. And it is going to be the Jinx
as the lock. And you know, this is an
interesting hover. We don't want to talk
about it too. I like the hyper. I like
the hyper carry nature of it and you
have that kind of pop off moment if you
can get that singular pick, get that
excited nature for the Jinx and you have
that tool to do it with Divi and a lot
of follow through with that. So they
have a pretty clear composition cut out
for them in this game number two. I
think a little bit more easily
executable than that game number one was
for them. Even if that game one was
serious comfort, now the Nautilus kind
of brings everything together too. And I
think this shows some adaptation to the
patch itself because I think this uh
this team comp does play towards I think
the new changes a bit better than their
draft in game number one did where I
think they were still relying on some of
their previous information that they had
um from some other series. But yeah,
engage threat definitely the best one
left on the table coming in for on and
pretty standard comps on both sides. Um
once again I do think that we're you
know looking at something that I would
consider to be blue side favored. I
think we're you're going to hear me say
that a lot coming out of draft, but I
really like the Jinx. I'm going to be
I'm going to kind of call my shot that
these hyper carries I think will start
to increase in terms of priority and
success rate. And I think it's set up
pretty well in this game. I like it. And
bot lane focus, especially after Elk was
kind of popping off on the Misfortune.
Maybe that 2v2 going the other way this
time around, but FPX need something this
series important for them to kind of get
a leg up. But BLG, they're looking to
keep the streak going. They feel
reinvigorated with this new jungler in
Bettoan. And now they're going to enable
him even a little bit more. See if that
Zenzou, if it was a fluke in that first
cave yesterday and see if it can
actually bring them a little bit of
victory again, taking the power a little
bit more so out of Knight's hands even
if the Gallo is still strong. And uh
that's going to be a decision that maybe
they come back to regret as FPX trying
to bounce back from what was a pretty
devastating game number one.
Yeah, it's definitely going to be
interesting to see how the early game
goes down, but a lot of pressure being
put onto Awesome in particular to really
step up in a moment against some very
experienced players. Excited to see
that. Like you said, more Bashuan on
Zing Xiao. I think Knight playing the
Gallo if he can get out on the map in
Rome. I think it's going to be fun. A
lot of fun storylines going into this
one. FPX, it's step up or step aside
time. Yep. the rematch from earlier this
week where FPX took down BLG 2-1, but
now it's a different beast. It's a
different animal. It's Beethoan in the
jungle and they look a hell of a lot
better. An important one for both teams,
but important one for these junglers to
set the pace themselves in this game.
Both of them have a lot of skirmish
tools. Level six unlocks a lot of things
for them, but early pathing now that we
have this later spotting objective
become also more important. Game number
two of BLG versus FPX. Kick it off now.
[Music]
[Applause]
We got two that time. Let's go. Maybe
they're going with a maybe you get one
cheer per game. We're ramping up. It's
every win they get a every subsequent
win they get an extra one. So, uh
excited to see that. But I'm very
curious to see what the decisions in the
early game from Shadow are going to be.
Um, once again, I do think a lot of the
early game tempo kind of dictates on
whether or not he wants to try to make
any plays happen. This time, I don't
think he necessarily has the tempo to be
able to do that, but you know, I think
really the player to highlight coming
out of draft is awesome. It's really
going to be uh on his shoulders here for
FTX. Much as the rise and the ambessa
can set up a lot of these plays, it's a
jinx comp when you draft around the bot
lane. So, what year are we in right now?
Is this 2025? Did we take a time timely?
who leashes in
2025. And BLG really taking the concept
of being all together as a team,
literally. Uh they're going to help out
with that bot lane clear, give a little
bit of speed to Beto. They will lose out
on the level two, but honestly, they
might have done so anyways, but the way
that FPX want to play this 2v2. It is
the opposite side start from both
junglers. See where they want to focus
off with those first paths.
Yeah, we'll see if uh BG want to try to
play aggressive here.
cancelled his auto here. Yeah, way d
definitely needed a little bit more
aggressiveness to try and dissuade that,
but really not a lot you can do here.
This was already a lane that I think was
going to be a little tough for Zia and
Re. I think that's why they probably
felt comfortable with the leash getan as
active as possible as quickly as
possible, but Jinx Nautilus is going to
exert a lot of that tempo early. I think
it's definitely the part of the map that
FPX is going to have the most tempo in
as the goes wide there.
playing like a master where the Lollipop
can be. Zia feeling pretty safe at this
point as well as the uh now Shadow maybe
get some timing down here if they want
to try to go for an under tower, but
against Leona or against uh rather re
the serious CT coming in as well. Very
very difficult. Um and I don't know if
that means that maybe FPX trend
elsewhere. The biggest thing is if you
have pryo in bot lane, it maybe means
dragon can start going down a little bit
earlier for you. Do you think FPX wants
to put a little bit of pryo on that? I
certainly would if I was FPX. I think
that that's a fantastic win condition
for them. I think playing around these
front to backs with a hyper carry.
That's the dragon windcon. But see it
hook land. Nice drop. A little bit of a
lollipop to suck on for Elk, but the
blade call going to give Dway a little
bit of answer right back on. Wants the
kill. One more auto mount up and take
it. First blood for BLG on bot lane.
That is not good for FBX. Shadow going
to potentially try and make a play here
to pull it back. He's on a ward. They
see him here. They know that it's
possible. The flash plate. Oh, he didn't
go for it for it though. He was close.
He thought about it. He's like, if it's
not going to make it, it's not worth it.
So, first game going a little bit arrive
for FPX will be spotted out on that one.
Still will be the scuttle trade, but
Bettoan will already have gotten the top
scuttle. and now resetting down towards
bot side as his bot lane resetting now
as well. Yeah, ultimately it's not the
worst exchange in the world uh for FPX,
especially with the kill going over to
on. Awesome is really not set behind all
that much in terms of the way things are
going. But one thing to note, we are
actually seeing no 4 and 1/2 minute lane
swap coming in from these bot lanes.
We're seeing a trade on the top side
instead. So, um, interested to see that
that's the adaptation going into game
two after we saw, uh, kind of the more
standard what we've seen recently where
bot laners kind of head to the top side
at that 4 and a half minute mark. This
is going to be a little bit messy teams
who definitely are taking this really
seriously, but how much of that is they
thought there was going to be an early
spawn.
[Laughter]
Hey, you literally just started like
this is the first day of the past you
get to play. You literally played last
night on a completely different map.
Like that's actually wild. I I know I'm
beeing a little bit. I I know they
probably know uh the timer is coming
through, but it's really funny.
Honestly, I would kind of believe you
with the way that they played game
number one. Not only in terms of the
lane swap, but they blew all the cool
downs way before Grubs even spawned. It
really felt like they just were kind of
going on habit there. But uh definitely
more of a a patched specific adaptation
coming in in game number two with these
lanes being a bit more normalized. But
again, you see that, you know, 800 gold
lead for BLG in terms of the uh what we
see in in on the top of the map here.
But uh that's all on Re. This is a
non-existent lead at the moment outside
of potentially Vin. Flash for flash in
the mid lane, right? Looking for the
play. They might have taken the flash
taunt out, but still trying to pull it
off. Uh that's going to be a really big
trade though ahead of these objectives
as well, not having that flash for
either mid laner. I will say though,
Shear starting to fall a little bit
behind in this solo lane up here. They
are going to be level six now, but Ben
having pryo if they do keep it up will
give BG a little bit of a fighting
chance around those grubs now that they
are so important in the fact that
there's only one spawn of them. We're
looking at bot lane now though. Shadow
looking to be proactive, looking to get
something going for Awesome. And this is
exactly what we wanted to see. Shadow
prioritizing the bot side. And quite
frankly, this is what BLG should be
doing as well. When Gallo has pressure
onto Rise, which he absolutely should in
this matchup, and if Bin is going to
dominate this top lane like this, then
Grubs should be free. This should just
be a trade of objectives, I would
imagine, from these two teams. I think
they're still trying to weigh out the
pros and cons of that decision, uh, as
we, you know, get these new grubs and
the new consequences for giving over
grubs. But it does look like that's
going to be potentially a
prioritization. But Shadow's here on the
top side. I would be nervous about an
engage here for FPS.
trying to fight over the scuttle crab
here by very strong in the early
scuffles. Rises first. Yeah, they do end
up having to move over. So that means
base spawn will be forced out of the
scuttle crab take are getting closer and
closer to that grub spawn in about a
minute. FPX realize that. Wonder how
much of a back priority there's going to
be for Shear in this top lane who is
lacking a lot of health, but just
surrounding out this top side of the map
as they leave Awesome in botside to try
to get some farm going. I think this is
perfectly fine for FPX here. Oh, Shear.
Oh, it's the bait of a lifetime. It is
200. Shadow sets Shear up for success.
They take him down. They burn Knight's
ultimate and Shear will make it out
alive. Oh, they might find
Let's look at Shadow trying to get the
re-engage there. They're going to try to
collapse over. Shear sticking around on
is coming out of the bush there to get
into the wave. That uh setup now maybe a
little bit offset before these grubs
spawn in about 15 seconds. Back coming
through from Shear to redeploy. I would
say great bait by Shadow, but honestly,
Ben needed to be a lot more careful
around that timer again. I think there's
new patch next death push incoming.
They're there. Level five is not nearly
enough. The burn maybe not enough after
the shield coming through. So on going
to stay alive with a smidgen of health.
The grubs have already been sparted by
Beuan as now Shadow coming around the
corner here. Shock blast going to miss.
First grub going the way of BLG. Now
they go into the fight. Shear coming
over. Mega death rocket's going to hit
on Knight. They do have the fight onto
Shadow. Shadow's going down now. Bad
still alive. The blade caller not going
to get the CC chain on to Dwayne but the
flash the feather storm and BLG they
just cut down FPX the wings have been
clipped and that's going to be all three
grubs going to Billy Billy. How could
they play it that poor? How can they
walk up to a situation they have no uh
no support uh really to affect that play
in any way? Sorry, I'm flabbergasted. I
have no words for that play. It really
felt like that should have been an FPX
fight win, but it's just played better
by BLG. Yeah, I want to give a ton of
credit to Elk in that fight. Not only
the ultimate, the flash to really secure
that, but a lot of the damage he was
able to output throughout a lot of that
fight been here, but we're going to see
the start of this. FPX have full
priority here. See the Rome coming up
from Elks, but he should be zoned almost
entirely out of this. It's a nice rocket
coming in, but Anna's no help. Elks on
the backline. It's just over before it
even starts. It just feels completely
disconnected from FPX. Shear doesn't
even really make his way to the fight
until it's over. Not a good call from
FPX and it really cost them a big part
of their lead that they had been able to
generate with dragon still up. You know,
we'll see if they uh maybe want to try
and trade that objective like they
probably wanted to all along.
And some of the pieces really coming
together strongly. A lot of focus on
that mid jungle duo. Uh obviously a
really good step up from Elk there in
that situation, but this front line is
really uh being difficult for FPX to
deal with. They won't look for the early
dragon here. dragon will still be
standing by the wayside about 10 minutes
in. But uh you have to think now with
the three grubs that BLG siege will be
very potent and hard to deal with for
FPX as well. They're still looking to
scale. Again, we talked about the
strengths of FPX and what their comp
does well. Yeah, that's the benefit that
FPX has this game that they didn't have
in game number one is that they do have
the scaling in this one and I think that
does give them at least a little bit of
confidence to potentially try and take
some of these fights even if they don't
go perfectly. She trading on the top
side. Uh, but I do think as we look
throughout what the rest of this mid
game is going to look like, we're going
to see some proactivity here. All right,
let's see if he gets the lollipop, the
depth charge. The turret is there to
block him off. Here goes under turret.
Ben getting the outplay. Care almost
goes down. It will be Ben's life trade
way now. Tanking the turret as Knight
gets the cleanup kill. And it looks like
we're going back to game one. It's one
for one. See a little bit more going on.
Mega death rocket. Awesome. He steals
the dragon. as 11 minutes in. It is an
absolute fiesta here and Car's going to
try to get himself out. Now is fighting
in mid lane. Care, he's got to go down.
Get the slam in by Knight who's picking
up kills left and right.
It's chaos everywhere on the map.
Miselle, it's just fight after fight
after fight. A lot to digest in terms of
how that play ended up going down. I
think that's a huge positive overall for
BLG. Knight is now really online. We see
the CS lead that Knight's been able to
generate individually with care trying
to be proactive. But now with two kills
on his side, he has all of a sudden
become somebody that's going to be very
difficult to break through and you're
just getting further and further away
from the win condition if you're FPX
here. Awesome not having that same kind
of pressure. It's a 1.5k gold lead now,
but looking forward to uh what the plays
are going to look like. Is it another
death push here for FPX? Oh, they find
the combo. The trap draw is not going to
get him though on the other side. Just a
tiny tiny bit out of range of the CC
chain from FPX. They're going to keep
looking. They're going to keep going.
They're going to ward out this topside
jungle by against BLG. Now K's getting
all in by Ben. Ben said, "I'm tired of
being on the sideline. I want what a
fight." And now she getting caught out
himself. Top lane though. And uh Ben the
one to initiate the fight. She engaged
on in top side. A little bit of a
different stake between the top laners
right now, but FPX looking to answer in
kind against BG's threeman up here above
the Baron
pit for the engage. Now it's a 4v3 still
favored for the side of FPX, but now the
TP coming in. Big combo from the Magnet
Storm. Nice tanking up a storm. Sear
gets the pick off kill. The shock blast
is enough to help get a little bit of
damage back. And now Puan looking to
pick up the slank looking to pick up
everything. care is still here, but FPX
they're now losing health. So Awesome is
going to cleanse, but the Feather Storm
sweeps him up and takes him down. BLG
extend their lead to over 2,000. And
that lead is about to bloom just like
the Blossoms on the
Rift. BLG continue to take advantage of
what FBX deems to be a good situation.
On is very far forward, posturing as if
he's got his whole team behind him.
doesn't, but he understands that he has
enough time to buy that Elk can make his
way up from the mid lane and really be
able to impact that fight. FBX to their
credit wanted to try and burst that
down, but they just don't have the
priority. They're playing this like a
pick comp. They're playing it like they
have by Ari, but the rise, you got to
play around it just a little bit
differently and unfortunately for FBX,
they're going to fall behind because of
it. Lucky for them, no objective to take
off of that fight, which is really what
salvages it. But as you can see, they
think they have something here because
there's no Zia and she's going to be
making her way up. The teleport has to
come in, but we see they just don't have
enough damage and Shadow dies instantly
in this fight.
It's actually so tightnit at the
beginning of this, but then things start
to boil down as soon as Elk and Ben have
an angle here. Elk is a menace. He's
just completely targeting Awesome. Knows
that he can get him down. And I love the
Feather Storm has the little bit of
flare on the back end of it. And now
this lead is about 3,000 up for BLG.
maybe looking to make it more as in a 1
v3 now too. Almost kills him. Mega death
rocket going to be flashed out of as an
also made it out of that fight in the
end. Shadow almost loses his life for
it. Care was in the top side but needs
to back because the siege could come
through from BG. You have to remember
you cannot let them just pick apart
these side lanes. They have three grubs.
Yeah, and they're going to utilize it.
They're on this bot lane tier too.
They've got Knight here. She is in a
very dangerous spot, but it's going to
be Dway potentially trying to protect
here. Shadow almost dying in a 1v3 to
Elk. Elk is playing out of his mind this
game so far on the Zia. We talked about
it being a comfort champion. He is
showcasing that right now. We talked
about awesome really needing to be the
main character for FPX, the one where
all the resources were gathered for. Elk
is really showing out as the AD carry to
watch here. And with Rift Herald
spawning now in 3 seconds, Shadow in the
area going to see if FPX want to try and
prioritize this. Rise is making his way
to the top side, but you know, I I just
think it's dangerous. It's risky to try
and go for it so quickly.
See the pink lane. Game one was a game
for Knight. Game two is a game for the
boys. Uh Elk is putting in the work here
on the Zia. Uh even if not as flash, you
can still have a lot of personalization
the way you utilize it. And now we have
a couple objective decisions coming up.
Rift Herald soon to be started by BLG as
I speak about it. Dragon is coming up on
the other side. FPX could go up to two
dragons, but there's already a collapse
here by FPX. Maybe not going for that
counter trade just yet. Yeah, it's just
really hard to imagine FPX feel
comfortable enough to make a play like
that. Is going to continue pushing in on
the bot side, but they are just going to
go for that dragon trade. This is, in my
opinion, the correct thing to do. Uh
just start stacking those dragons. That
can be your win condition. If you're
going to get to three especially, that
can really force BG to make a decision.
But it's going to be the Rift Hero
dropped mid.
Standing gold still on the table here.
They got feats already with that first
turret. Now they're looking to knock
down even more. Another charge coming
through. And this time they're going to
go into a tier 2 turret. Get a massive
amount of damage, but the flank is
coming. They decide to turn. They go on
to Awesome. Awesome is down. Odd is the
one that claims the kill. Now TP coming
in as well from Knight to join the
fight. There's Care getting out with his
flash. Another turret falls. A third
charge. No way. 55 health. He's going
towards top side. No way. He gets it. A
third charge for BLG's new top or for
new jungle rather in the top lane. And
that's the play from Elk to try to get
the kill back, but Car ends up picking
off on now. Shadow on a flank on the
deep angle here with Shear. They're
going to try to take the fight from BLG
though. Car in a lot of trouble. There's
the dredge line coming in. BLG looking
to go fight Night City here as it's
immediately the cease and assist with
the combo. This is FPX's combo. They
drafted four and they end up finding the
pick on the Elk. Now Bichuan has to run
away. Go get going to smite him to get a
little bit of that distance broken. But
the flash play from Shadow. He wants
him. The hex gates as well. And here
comes FPX to punish Ban for what he has
done as he's might be getting out still.
Wind becomes lightning and on ster
stepping. Oh, that's BM.
What a what an exchange. And BLG
overextending the most they possibly can
given the resources that they have
feeling themselves just a tad bit too
much on. Ends up basically full engaging
at like a quarter health as his jungler
rides the Rift Herald top lane and it
ends up being a bit of a negative play
overall. But still such a lead for BLG
after that play that I think you can
excuse them a little bit. You're still
looking overall at a good game
situation. But we're going to see the
replay here on half health here as he's
just fostering so aggressively.
It's uh it's a little bit of an
interesting angle, that's for sure. But
a nice play from Shadow to Blank here. I
like the I like the angles here as well
from FPX. I think it was really crucial
here. Obviously, it uh went a little bit
south for Elk. The follow through
though, man. Schwan getting away and the
fact that Odd steps up to stutter step
when he had nothing to do with that last
chase and just trying to mental diff
there. But now we are on second items
for some numbers on the rip. But we're
getting closer to that four majority and
seeing if that scaling is really going
to be the answer for FPX once they get
to those three items as well.
Yeah, I usually don't like saying this
about teams in the LPL, but I think FPX
just kind of needs to take it easy for a
little while and just survive. I say
that as they try to make a proactive
play on the bot side, forcing Knight's
flash. You get the TP coming out as well
from Care, trying to take down the
turret, but the wave has been cleared
there. Now BLG going to try to play
towards top and mid. There's a lot of
bodies from FPX still on the bot side of
the map. The reset's going to come
through from Shadow. Knight going to try
to take the engage because they know
they have the long angle here and maybe
they still collapse on his shear on
realizing yeah maybe they need to just
go for
Dway does get out with a nice dredge
line from there. Nothing else coming of
it. Dragon still not for another minute
and 40 seconds. Adakan will be coming up
in about 30 seconds. That'll be on the
top side of the map though if BLG want
to readapt focus. Still 4,000 gold in
the lead for Billy Billy game. top side
Oticon definitely makes it a little bit
more interesting in terms of the trades.
BLG can take whatever objective they
really want right now, but allowing that
dragon stacking could get a bit
dangerous, but with how strong this new
Oticon is, especially really do think it
becomes a bit more of an interesting
decision. I'm going to be very curious
to see where BG want to put that
priority, I think it's pretty easy for
me to say that they should just go and
win a fight around dragon and really
take away every bit that FBX have. and
does look like that could potentially be
an option, but it's actually going to be
the pathing to the top side here. I
would imagine that uh overall it could
just be a happy little trade if they
want to take it. But still a game state
that BG are going to be pretty happy
about. Indeed. uh they have real control
over this map which once they've gotten
uh a lot of the time even in the
fluctuations we've seen from the roster
uh they still do have a lot of good
levels of win percentages when they have
a lot of control on the map but now they
have uh that big gold lead for
themselves working through it dragon
coming up in about 30 seconds would be
nice for them to try to utilize this
advantage to stop some of that stacking
of that dragon by FPX X but the Attakon
just going to be burned down with no
real response yet from FPX. They are
running. They are sprinting. TP coming
in from Shear, but it's late as hell.
And now they already take the Adacon.
You have to think that FPX just have to
back away. They're about to get engaged
on Dwayne's going to have to find an
exit here as an looking to stream
forward. Care going forward. He just got
his ROA popped now too. Big heroic
interest to reset the fight. It's
Shadow's gone now too. FPX are falling
apart. They're falling asleep. And now
that's going to be everybody falling
down. A double kill for Knights Gallo as
FPX are now pinned against the wall,
pinned against their base and Dragon as
well as mid lane should go the way of
BLG.
It's just complete indecision from FBX.
It looks like the call is, okay, they're
taking Oticon. We have dragon spawning
in 15 seconds. Let's get vision
priority. Let's establish everything we
need around this. But no, after they've
already gotten Oicon to have health,
they're like, "Actually, maybe we should
try and contest this." You have your top
ler teleport in. It's gone. You can't
fight 5v5, especially not when you're
the first team at an objective. Just a
lack of decision-m coming in from FTX.
It's It's just a a really concerning
trait, but BLG taking advantage to get
an even bigger lead. And especially with
all that gold going to Gallo, that makes
it even more difficult to burst through
that front line. And I think at this
point you're looking at FPX very much
being on the back foot. Even their
scaling win condition becomes more
difficult now that BG has taken that
third drink. And again, it it's so funny
cuz you literally gets results based
analysis for this series if BLG are to
win this one. Losing that series against
FPX 2-1 earlier this week. That was the
backb breaker. That was what signified
the changes. That's what led to Bichuan
being picked up by BLG.
I'll stick to the word reinvigorated cuz
this team is just active. They are
bloodthirsty. They're looking for
things. They're being proactive and it
feels like that's not the BLG we've seen
in recent memory. And it just feels damn
good to see the likes of Knight, the
likes of Bin, the likes of Elk actually
having pop off performances once again.
Maybe it is a new era for BLG.
BLG are such a fun team to watch when
they're playing well. They are so good
at so many areas of the game that they
just create these gigantic mismatches.
And that's what we're seeing here with
FPX. This is a team that's been
relatively strong in terms of their, you
know, early and midame plays throughout
the entirety of the group ascend phase
here in the LPL. BG are just taking full
advantage of their mistakes and FPX feel
pressured to try to make these decisions
on the back foot and they're making
gigantic mistakes in that regard. And
you can really give BG a lot of credit
for forcing those. It's going to be
about where they put that tempo now
though. And it could be on Jer once
again. And I love it cuz it just feels
like Beijan is feeling himself. He's
against the organization that brought
him up through the LDL. The prodigy of
FPX, but now he's locked out and taken
down by FPX as BLG looking to try to
take the fight there. That's the
ultimate caster curse in the middle of a
team fight. And now FPX going to use
that caster curse to try to take down
BLG. Multi-chain CC onto El. And now
awesome is excited. He's trying to find
the pick on, but they do end up finding
bin two. That'll be four for nothing in
favor of
FPX. This might not be over. On gets the
stun off, but he could have been in real
danger there for the ace. We were hyping
up Beijuan. That is the exact caster
curse that you were talking about where
it's diving in onto a Nautilus trying to
put down a ton of damage and then
flashing into four members
with that zingo just to instantly get
CCD. It's certainly an interesting
decision from Beijuan, but it's a pretty
big fight overall for FBX. We see in the
replay here, just an overreach. No other
way to put this. It's greed at its
finest. And you'll see Beichuan going in
trying to get on top of the rise and
flashing in with no health. Just gets
locked down immediately. Knight, his
ultimate doesn't really affect the fight
in the same way that it normally has.
And that doesn't leave the space open
for Elk to be able to free it on the
backline. It's a great ult from Shear to
be able to clean it up, but um
definitely an overreach there from BLG.
Yeah, really good combinations. Oh, as
we see on go down now. Oh well, FPX take
it up. And now maybe the third item is
going to be coming through here after
this fight, but BLG, they're on the back
foot of this one. Baron down about half
health now. Shear still full health
there. FPX, they might just turn the
tides here. They're down about 1,000
gold now. Things are looking better for
them. Crescent guard page one. He's
getting CCd. He's getting taken down.
He's in there. But they do end up
finding Shear. Now they can reset into
the pit. They go 50/50 for the Baron.
Page one. He can't get in. Barrett
secured. Now they go for the fight.
Awesome. The focus on the side by
Knight, but they're taking the fight in
the pit. Finn is smashing them with the
hammer as awesome takes down Elk now
looking for the pop, but Ben sits him
down. A double kill for Gigabin. It will
be a reset for Care that makes it
through. and he does have the Baron buff
secured by FPX.
A very chaotic fight there for both of
those teams. A lot going on and I'd love
to see a replay in terms of what
happened to Elk on the back end cuz
there was just not a ton of damage
coming out, but BLG end up really kind
of capitalizing on FPX overreaching.
That being said, Baron went over to the
side of FPX and yes, it's only on
Riseze, but Rise is a pretty good
champion to have the Baron buff on. This
gold lead is completely neutralized.
It's 1k at this point and we'll see the
replay here. This actually on getting
caught out before the fight. So yeah,
this is what we saw in the picture and
picture just by himself here. Shadow is
able to to jump over the wall and able
to lock him down. Too much CC. You can't
be too greedy as the real rocket comes
in and it's enough. I I wonder if the
call here should have just been to stick
onto this baron and burst it down. Felt
like you could have kept me out of the
pit the same way that she did, but they
turned to try and fight here and because
of that ends up just being a little bit
too much. Shar goes way too low, way too
early. We're already back into picture
and picture as we see the rest of this
replay here. Nice hook by Dway to keep
him out of the fight. Tries to get onto
the Zincha, but from that point onwards,
Bin is doing so much damage that very
difficult. This uh Jace is really paying
off and Bin starting to pick up a little
bit more here as uh Dragon already down
about half health. BG trying to
reposition over onto this north side of
the fight. Shadow first baitan for
another 50/50 and dragon goes away.
Banana now the engage with the heroic
entrance on missing a little bit but
does end up getting that forward
aggression. Shear now waiting for the
pickoff waiting for the public
execution. Dway goes in now it's BG
trying to fight tooth and nail here but
they've already lost Knight. That front
line is gone out forced to burn the
feather storm gets blocked down gets
taken down and awesome going to go with
that double kill for the excited as they
find the real morph into the fight as
well. No Baron, no objective to take but
FPX take a bite out of BLG.
The scaling has come online, Miselle. We
talked about this team having so much
potential in the 5v5. If they could just
get there, if they could just survive
long enough, this gold is equalized. And
now we're at a point where FPX are not
only, you know, even with BLG, they
might be ahead in terms of these
expectations. You get the smite down on
the dragon for BLG, which is pretty big
in this instance. But as we can see on
able to to go in, but there's just no
follow up. Bin's not there to be able to
fully capitalize picture and picture.
Okay, he's going to flash. Gets the
flash out. Bin going to go down. He does
get the trade kill. One for one now.
Page one going to get the TP coming in.
This game is insane. We will not stop
fighting says BLG. Is she trying to run
away? Knight has joined the taunt going
to be there now. Hex gates also there.
Taunt connects. Wind becomes lightning.
Mega death rocket. Is it enough? Shear
goes down. It was so damn close. And now
awesome has overextended and BLG will
punish heavily as Care comes in going to
try to take down onto Baitan. Now on
maybe sacrificing himself. Dwey coming
over to lock down bait. BLG have been
caught overextended and Car will scoop
up two more kills.
Ends up being a two for three in favor
of BG in that exchange. But it's just
constant. It's action after action after
action. It's just no time to rest. And
you love to see it from these two teams.
both playing as if their life depends on
it. It's getting crazy out there,
Miselle. It is really starting to get a
little bit fun. And I was just in the
process of saying that you would think
that this game state would favor FPX,
but BLG staying
aggressive on vision here. They look
like they found a pick, but they just
underestimate the Jace damage. Great
flash. It's a really good flash, but
yeah, the follow through from
Shadow. Uh, but it does a very
overextended fight from BLG. I do like
the initiative. Uh but the collapse from
uh FPX was coming all along. Look,
Dwayne walked all the way from Baron
Pit, by the way.
Well, when you've got uh when you've got
time on your hands, you can afford to do
that. Knight is at least able to get
out. I believe he's got uh quite a bit
of gold on him, but on was supposed to
be the sacrifice here. Bashuan just
sticking around for fun. I imagine he
had the potential to, you know, him
Knight was able to walk out. I I I would
imagine that the Zinja would have a
similar opportunity there. But uh that
being said, like look at the gold
differences individually on the bottom
of your screen here. The one you really
got to highlight is care on this rise.
He's 62 and 7. He's up 50 CS here. 266
CS. And this rise is starting to become
quite a bit of a problem. You know, we
talked about the late game scaling
because of the Jinx. The Jinx plus Rise
is Oh my god. Shout out to Kai, our
producer.
80% game three rate when uh when Kai is
producing. We love to hear it. I also
cast a curse the hell out of this uh
series in our uh in our prod chat, too.
So, just know that we're we're scheming
to make sure people are delivered three
game series. All right, that's all I'm
saying. We we love to give you what you
want here at LPL
English. As I get yelled at by Kai
saying, "No, we are not." Okay, but Car
wants a three game series as uh he's
looking like you were talking about as a
premier member here, but has been the
premier member for FPX all this time it
feels like in the recent iterations as
now Dwayne going to have to burn his
flash away from BG and maybe a collapse
from FPX. Third, fourth items now coming
through, but BG counts before they can
even answer. Shadow is gone. Now they
take the fight. Awesome trying to get
the resets, but he can't do it. Odd is
out alive. And now Ultimates down BL out
of nowhere. They make something out of
nothing. And they just take down every
piece that matters of FPX. My god, the
revenge is sweet. And even through the
missteps, Car's being ran down by Billy.
Billy.
Just an overreach from Billy Billy
that's never going to be able to be
punished cuz Shear is not teleporting.
It's a 4v5 the entire time. The Ambessa
is never involved in the exchange. Shar
teleporting way too late. It's really a
3v5 after Dwayne gets caught at the
start and that's a brilliant pick for
BG. It completely turns the game back
into their favor. Baron is theirs and
all of a sudden the game state that we
said FPX, how could they lose a front
5v5? They throw it again. Now it's just
the pendulum swinging back and forth
again. The throw snatched out of the
jaws of victory by FPX.
Uh it was looking so good trending their
way. BLG just pounced before they can
even think about their positioning in
their side of the jungle in their blue
side. And losing Shadow changes the
direction that this team comp can really
take. You're absolutely looking for that
100 to zero CC chain with the seasoned
assist to get things rolling for FPX's
team fights. And BLG, they just make the
call. They take the dragon. Third hex
tech dragon for them in a row. And now
back to that premier dominance as they
are almost 2,000 gold up here. 32 almost
33 minutes in. Yeah, great shout
Miselle. I love highlighting that this
is three hex dragons for BLG. And that
it wouldn't just be Hex Soul, it would
be four hex drakes for them if they were
to grab that uh fourth dragon for
themselves. It is now at FPX who is on a
timer which we never thought we would
say, but it's the push coming down into
the bot side. This tier 2 in the bot
lane is gone.
Knight caught. It's on to Knight. He
goes golden. Buying so much time. Honest
here, but just has to watch his buddy
fall as FPX moving down towards mid.
They want to try to use this excited
nature of awesome as he takes down the
turrets to push BLG. And now BG are
frantically trying to back. That does
mean that FPX will pull off of that
advantage. They do get the outer tower
down. So the defense will not be there
for BG to play off of. Certainly An
interesting call. I thought BLG would be
a little bit more aggressive and if they
were going to be on the bottom side of
the map, it's clear that they were okay
with Knight being a little bit more
exposed and you know FPX wanted to play
aggressive, but they didn't even push
for the bot and hip tower, which I
thought would be the goal there. And at
the end of the day, it's just Knight
losing his Baron. You don't lose too
much here except for mid tier one, which
okay with, but Knight again just too far
forward. It's a proactive play from FPX
as we see him get caught out here. But,
uh, both of these teams kind of hanging
on a knife's edge and that was
definitely a good example of that. And
now we're on fourth items coming through
for everybody just about, at least the
carries. Getting closer and closer to
fifth items, full builds as well. Knight
very close to his too. Deciding dragon
in about 3 minutes. TP preemptively from
BLG towards botside. They're bringing
all five bodies down here. TP in defense
coming through from Care. reset from
Shadow, but they're a little bit behind
the ball. There's not a lot of minion
wave here, though. They do only have the
cannon, but Baron buff still up for 20
seconds. Another wave is coming in. BLG
trying to crack open another inhip
turret. Shadow is still not back. He is
just making his way to the fight now.
And that tower is gone. It's just way
too late now. Dwayne's just gone. Elk
obliterates him as now base one the
focus on the side still going forward
popping the crescent guard buying some
space buying some time the inhip has
fallen as well give his life they get
some lasting damage into that bot lane
now but BG need to escape sheer and FPX
trying to follow through looks like they
will back away still though the inhip
going down now BLG can play around that
shadow actually looking for a long angle
here the counter engage from BLG they
just go straight on to care now in
getting low heroic interest in but he
dies to care and now awesome he's
getting excited and FPX fans everywhere
starting to scream as they wipe BLG on
will be the only one
left what is happening in this game it's
just fight after fight it's throw after
throw BLG presumably back off cuz
they're scared of the fight but's not
even safe here Shadow
oh that's the ace from
FPX. What is happening? BG clearly
scared of the 5v5. There's no other
reason to back off after you end up
bursting down Dway. But they end up
opting into it anyways. They end up
re-engaging cuz they're scared of Shadow
on the flank. But the moment that
Awesome gets excited, that fight is over
and now they're beast. Oh, Bettoan's in
trouble. He's under turret, but that
turret is not going to save him. He goes
into the fight and now he gives the
excited set to Awesome who now they're
just going to win the game. FPX are just
going to win the game. They're going to
bring us to three games. This scaling
out of nowhere. FPX turn it on. It's
head BLG. They drop the ball and we
talked about grabbing it out of the jaws
of victory. Well, FPX leaving up the
series. What did we just watch, Miselle?
What kind of game did we just experience
in game number two? I cannot believe
what we have just seen. I just I I'm
decompressing right now as we just saw
play after play. Both teams looking
indecisive and unfortunately it really
cost BLG.
I I think Kai, our producer, might kill
me. I think I might I might uh might
have to sign off here. Uh great great
drawing from our wonderful mods. Uh what
a game of all time, man. We were so
close to the most kills uh in the game
there. We got to like 54 55 or something
along those lines. It was absolute
insanity. And page one since that was
still 0% win rate with BLG. So watch out
for Oh my god. Watch out. Yeah. Yeah.
You know, I mean honestly might not be
sleeping tonight. So we might be in here
for the long haul. Uh as my goodness,
FPX a stunning victory. PLG at so many
times were
ahead, unable to do it. Some big
missteps from B1 across the table in
that series or at least in that game,
not in that series. And uh FPX pull a
little bit of miracle out of the hat.
That's uh that's some fun stuff right
there. Is it fair to say that the Zinga
the Bashuan Zingo experiment has not
gone well so far? Are we are we allowed
to really start that narrative for BLG?
Um, we saw some interesting uh that's
the word I' I've started using,
interesting plays from him in the
jungle. But both of these teams had
leads throughout this game that they
ended up throwing. FBX felt like they
were on the comeback until, you know,
Shear forgot to teleport into a fight
and they ended up, you know, taking a
3v5 that they got blasted in and gave
over Baron. But, you know, BLG, the real
question mark to me was you just got to
understand what you want to do. What's
the decision? You got to be decisive on
the bot side of the map. giving up
Knight for free and not pushing for
inhibitor turret and then, you know,
killing Dway and not going any further,
backing off and allowing FPX to regroup
and flank you. It's in that it's that
indecisiveness that really cost them.
Yeah. And in a lot of those situations,
honestly, we could see a little bit of
that on uh on both sides. That's a gold
grab of all time, man. That is that is
pure quantifiable LPL gold grab for you.
Delivered hot and fresh by FPX and BLG
in game number two. Uh awesome. picking
up where he needed
to. Zero objectives except for that one
Baron over a couple dragons and still an
FPX win where they weathered the storm.
They knew their win condition. We said
going into draft they had a lot easier
conditions to play around and it made it
pretty simple once they started getting
in those really really hot and heavy
fights. Hey, I'm not going to to brag
too much after just one game, but the
hyper carries are looking good. Uh, the
Jinx definitely looked pretty strong. If
you can delay the game pretty heavily,
um, I think credit to FPX for really
keeping their head on their shoulders. I
think a lot of teams would have gotten a
little bit nervous after having the lead
and kind of throwing it away. They
understood they weren't out of that
game. They could always win a 5v5 in the
right situation. You know, they kept
playing aggressive and they came back.
They did everything they needed to do
here and they set up their carry to to
be the most successful in the game. This
might be the longest. I mean, we're
starting so far into all these fights
cuz there are so many clips. There's so
much fighting. Again, we had like 52
plus kills. That's the last number I
remember. I know there was one more
fight after that, but I'm going to go
off what I remember. U which is just
absolutely insane for both these teams.
It was constant chaos, constant fighting
moments like this. These are the kinds
of things that maybe BLG could have been
on a little bit more stable ground if
they didn't have things go fall out like
this. But really good direction from
FPX. They had a very big target on Elk
every single time getting the kind of
cease and assist public execution combo
on him and the follow-rough damage was
always there. Yeah, I think what I was
impressed by is is something I
highlighted in game where they really
needed to slow the pace of the game down
when they were pushing the tempo and
trying to take a lot of these fights.
That's when things were going a little
bit sour for FPX the moment they let the
game come to them and let that Jinx just
play front to back and you know force BG
to overextend because you know they're
going to do it. It's BLG. you know,
they're going to eventually go a little
too far forward. That's when they
started to feel a lot more comfortable
and that's when Awesome especially
started to take over. But, you know,
just understanding, I think, is a great
way to put it and executing on the win
condition as well. Just wondering now
who gets MVP for FPX. That's a tough
one. Bean their old their old jungler.
Yeah, I think he'sowed I think he's
allowed in this game. Yeah, I think I
think actually awesome deserves a lot.
Even though like maybe he didn't have
the brightest score line as the Jinx,
the fights a lot of the time ended up
getting holistically won because of his
strength and a lot of us utilization of
the attack speed you get from the
excited uh passive, but I don't know. I
mean, you had a lot of really good
setups there from Shadow, too. So, it's
tough. Yeah, I I think Care is also
within the conversation just for the
large lead that he was able to, you
know, generate himself. He really kept
FPX in the mid game. I think things
would have gotten really out of control
if he had not been as strong as he was.
He dissuaded a lot of plays, but um
you're right. I think that there are a
lot of good options. I think any any of
the the main uh real I guess
facilitators here for FPX, whether that
be the rise to kind of get them into the
mid game, the buy to set things up, or
the Jinx to take advantage of it, they
all would make sense here. Yeah. Uh, I
think a lot of choices to make even
though maybe the choices from game one
are
uh, you know, still holding in my head.
Uh, looking at you as well. Yeah, I
don't think you're going to be as mad
for game two. So, probably not. I hope.
I hope you Hey, w with everything that's
going on. Hey, jungle votes with knights
first. Anyway, I'm not going to crash
out. It's fine. Guar. It's fine. We're
going to see who gets the uh MVP for
this second game as FPX have taken BLG
the distance. Now we've seen this before
just earlier this week. FPX beat BLG
2-1, but that was when Weey was on the
roster. We thought maybe after that
clean performance last night could be
the difference. Faker coming through. Uh
but seems like still finding some of
those issues that BLG had been battling
throughout this entire split number two
so far as we get Shadow as the MVP, the
setup king and uh the VI will get his
seventh MVP of the split so far. Totally
understandable to give it to the Vi.
Those flanks in particular in the back
half of the game were absolutely
ginormous. Really cut off a lot of what
BLG wanted to do. It's clear that they
didn't feel comfortable fighting 5v5.
shadow forced a lot of those 5v5s and so
um you definitely feel comfortable with
that but I do think this was a team
effort for FPX. I think if you know any
one of their players had been
significantly worse than you know
everybody else on the rift it would have
been a lot more difficult and so I I
want to give a lot of praise to all five
members. I'm a little concerned for them
now going back to red side especially
because Zinga is off the board which
means Bashuan can't play it. Um so you
might not be able to take advantage of
that but um definitely going to be
interesting to see where that where the
adaptations end up coming in. Indeed as
that is the culmination of game number
two of our second best of three. We
still got a whole another best of three
after this. Uh, but this one's live it
up to the hype. PLG versus FPX game
number three after a short break.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Hey, hey, hey.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Welcome back everyone to LPL English,
your unofficial home for everything LPL.
I'm Miselle. I'm joined by Kayman and we
go the distance with our second series
of the day. Still another series after
this one and a banger to boot, but this
one paying off big in the rematch of FPX
versus BLG with FPX taking us the
distance now and getting themselves to
game three in game two. We have
definitely seen a lot of League of
Legends today, Miselle. We have seen uh
some interesting times, some would say.
Yeah. Yeah. Vault. Yes. I uh I think
there's a lot to learn from game number
two for both of these teams and I think
we will see some adaptations obviously
not only because of Fearless and the
side swap presumably, but mostly because
I think these teams are starting to
understand where to fall in line with
this new patch a little bit more. I
think we saw already the adaptation from
game one to game two. We saw a little
bit of a slower early game coming in
from both of these teams. Could benefit
more of those scaling comps as we saw
with FPX playing around that Jinx. And
uh I'm interested to see if we see more
in that direction or maybe less if these
teams feel more pressured. I still and I
think I'll probably intro every time uh
to remind people these teams were
literally thrown into the blender with
this new patch. Uh and just having to
play like literally BLG played last
night on the old patch, now playing
today on the new patch. And to give them
the benefit of the doubt, right, they
came out smashing at game number one
with Knight Zed coming through in mid
lane, but now definitely looked a little
bit lackluster. Beethuan's entrance into
the team after that uh change up and
after that loss against FPX earlier in
the week. It doesn't seem to have that
consistency just yet, but the consistent
factor was losing on Zenzou. So now he
doesn't have to worry about that as we
go into game number three with BLG on
blue side. They're going to be banning
away the Varys and the Scion. So far
it'll be that Nico and the Kalista
banned by FPX on red side. So still
targeting playmakers for this bot lane.
Very interesting in my opinion. Wow,
it's the nefari ban on blue side here
for that is very interesting because
actually played quite a bit of that this
year. So, um clearly they feel at least
okay being able they're saying no let's
let's go back to what works. Let's go
back to giving Knight something that
actually gives him some carry potential.
I love you Knight. I love the Gallo. It
didn't work. And now the Senuani first
pick coming in for Bichuan. has been put
back onto facilitation duty and he'll be
playing to the stars of BLG. Yeah, I
said it there. My first thought was
Yona, but Sichuani accomplishes
something very similar. You're going to
hope to be able to pair those up, but um
they clearly prioritize the SGE a little
bit more. They want that consistent
piece coming out of the jungle and it's
going to be the Yoro as the answer for
it was banned last time around. I love
the the shadow hover of the Z. Shout out
to Knight. Uh but the York has been
banned before as the Wukong also going
to join it. Very strong top two now as
well coming through for FPX early. Yeah,
I think this is kind of a new map
decision. Wukong was very much playable
and strong I think on the previous map
and the previous patch, but I think
Wukong might even see an uptick in play
rate with a lot of these skirmishes
becoming a little bit more, you know,
pre-ordained in terms of when they're
going to happen, a lot of those timers
becoming a little bit later. just gives
more time for the Wukong to get into
that, you know, skirmish sense. I
thought it for sure was going to be the
Yona there. Maybe they just want to pick
top lane here, but it's the Renekton
locked in. Early pressure for Bin as the
answer to the Yoro. It's definitely
throwing down the gauntlet a little bit,
saying that I'm just going to get such a
large lead in the early game that the
Yoro's not going to be as big of a
problem. But I would be shocked here if
they don't go for the Yona. Knight's
very, very strong on that champ.
Interesting. Going to still get with
that big strong combo of top laners now.
big big trend between both teams and the
Kai'Sa comes in instead of the Yona.
Maybe they feel like care has an answer
to it. Both these guys have been very
flexible with the meta in mid lane. So
trying to play a little bit of chess and
mind games in the draft here, but the
Kaisa a lethal one from Elk. Many across
the world will know of his performance
on Kai'Sa, but we know it also here in
the LPL domestically.
Kai'Sa is a champion that I am very
interested in. We've seen it banned
quite a bit today and so to see Elk in
particular be able to grab that here on
first rotation to pair up with something
like a Seduani to enable it does uh
scare me a little bit if I'm looking for
FPX. We do see the Yona ban coming in. I
think you have to get rid of that. Even
if it's clear that BG don't want to
prioritize it. If they're going to let
you take it away, you should take it
away. But to quickly touch upon the
Tristana to be able to combo Tristana
alongside the Wukong, I think just adds
an extra dimension, an extra layer
towards how those early skirmishes go
and some potential scaling. 5v5 team
fights are, you know, strong and we saw
FPX succeed on that in game number two.
So, uh, interested to see them indexing
presumably once again more so into that
idea, but we will see. Yeah, I've really
appreciated Tristana's re-entrance into
the meta. Uh, can still be flexible
obviously, but still very uh powerful
pick once you get rolling with it and
really the kind of skill expression of
the resets and things is really fun. The
Silus is the final ban though, so mid
lane focus for FPX across the table.
We'll see maybe more support focused
because FPX really needs uh some support
to give them some engage. So BLG already
focusing the Braum on that aspect. Yeah,
I mean options get a little bit more
limited going into game three. Raon, Re,
Nautilus, and Alistister all off the
board. So 30 bands. Yeah, it is uh
definitely a little bit more pinched
than normal. And with the Braum gone, I
think Leona priority skyrockets. We see
the Akali ban there. You don't want Care
to take that. Yeah, you definitely don't
want to give them anything comfortable
like that. They could signal that at
least from their knowledge they believe
this Tristana to be going bot lane. Um,
and it looks like their suspicions might
be correct here, but we will see. Um,
again, I'm just interested. I I would
prioritize something like the Leona
here. I think you're spot on with the
engage, but it's the mid lane they want
to take and that
Ari combo with the Wukong Ari. a little
bit less so than obviously the Vari that
you typically see, but uh still giving
care a lot of mobility out of mid lane.
And that was a key signature of both
players coming into this one is how
often they look to get involved across
map out of lane itself. And now you have
the Ari, which absolutely gives you a
window to do that as BLG lock in the
Victor. He wants to try to make this 1v
one in mid lane matter more. Knight
wants to try to take down care and get
this Victor scaling online.
I like the idea from a comp perspective.
I like it, you know, playing alongside
the Kai'Sa and the Seduani as a win
condition. I'm not a fan of the Victor
and Ahri matchup. I think that that is
pretty Ahri favored early on in the
game. And I would imagine that, you
know, Car's going to have a lot of
priority there. So, it's going to be up
to Knight to make sure that he can pilot
it correctly, get to those power spikes,
especially cuz you're not really
offering a ton of uh protection in the
jungle with the Seduani. But the Poppy
will be the one to round out the comp.
Yeah, that makes a lot of sense here. A
little bit like Thanos here. A lot of
lockdown can be possible. The laning
phase still probably going to suck. I'm
not going to lie. Uh but maybe the
Ranata coming in here for FPX will
offset some of that setup that the dive
is going to be looking for with the
Kai'Sa, with the Renekton, with the
Suani. And I really like this draft
going into game three. We had a very
one-sided game one, very back and forth
game number two. I hope we get a
continuation of that.
Yeah, I think uh this is definitely
probably our most even draft of the
series up until this point from my
perspective. I actually maybe would even
lean a little bit in favor of FPX in
terms of just raw execution. Personally,
I really like that Ari match up into
Victor. And if you can get out on the
map, if you can take those fights early,
Tristana can get rolling real fast.
Yor's a difficult champion to stop if
Renekton's not going to be able to get
that gold in the early game. I could
definitely see a world where they've got
a little bit more priority than maybe
some people might expect here and win
these teams based off. Guess it was a
different jungler earlier this week on
Monday, but Care got the better of
Knight. And uh I'm just going to say
that gave number two a little bit more
of that. Now in this one with a better
matchup, maybe we can see Care actually
overtake Knight in this series. A guy
that's been this crucial piece, this
structural pillar for FPX in their new
era. And BLG, speaking of Knight is BLG.
He has been the guy that had brought
them into those titles. is the
combination of this team, the star power
on this team, now being played between
by Beethan. Coming over from TT, a
jungler that maybe nobody expects to
bring this team all the way to
Internationals. The expectations that
BLG have on themselves, but also that
the community puts onto them. And now at
an important second round robin series,
a redemption setup for BLG over FPX, but
also a moment for FPX to pull it back,
go off of this loss streak and take down
BLG again.
[Applause]
They're really respectful today.
Honestly, I don't like it. But you know
what? I respect it. Respect for respect.
Uh two, I think they've seen uh they've
seen how some of these games go and show
your respect. We already seen some
aggressive tendencies here. Eric cannot
afford to take a bad trade here. But
man, I'm going to be watching this mid
lane match up. You highlighted it
perfectly, Miselle. It's going to be
important as we see here. Yeah, they're
trying to get the early summon spell
usage. Double cleanse used out getting
low. Care maybe looking for the flash.
Misses, but the charm. No, it flashed
into the charm. There's no damn way as
that's a big play going back and forth
now. Trade one for one. I'm going to
need a slow-mo replay of that one. That
is absolute insanity as now Care getting
ran down by PLG2. that mid lane match
up. It might be a little bit wonky now
as Knight picks that one up. That is
insane for the outlook of this game. I
was just getting prepared to say care is
so important towards how this game ends
up going. The R needs to get out on the
map. That's where FPX needs to find that
pressure. Knight has a kill and an
assist. He's up in gold now. I will say
care is able to match and so they are
even in gold because obviously he does
get that kill and assist as well. both
opting in for that dark seal. But just
the chaotic beginning of this game,
accelerating the middle of the map and
really creating some interesting
situations over the time. Love, we're
just going to go all in this game and I
love it. Level two, level two completed
by FPX and they'll have that early push.
But man, I don't think I've ever if it
happened how I think it happened. I
don't think I've ever seen that in my
time casting League of Legends, which is
just absolutely wild. I really hope
they're going to give us time to give us
a little bit of a replay. But as we look
at the setup on the map itself, it is
going to be that opposite side starts
for both junglers. So, a bit of opposite
focus here. Both still needing to get
pretty active pretty early.
Yeah, I think uh for the third game in a
row, I'm going to highlight Shadow in
the early game in terms of what his
pathing is going to look like.
Obviously, I don't think there is a
necessary need for him to be aggressive,
but getting out on the map early could
be really big here for FPX. One wrong
move, though, and and you could be down
the drain. We kind of saw that a little
bit in game two. They were lucky to be
able to pull it back. You know, when
you're looking at the pathing here, of
course, Shadow being on the bottom side
could indicate that he could potentially
want to try to shadow this Tristana. Um,
show some aggressive uh just overall
tendencies towards that bot side, but we
will wait and see.
I'm honestly just going to wait
patiently for my replay. I I want I want
Please Please LPL, give us a replay of
that play, please. Uh I'm begging. I'm
literally begging. Uh but now we're
going to see a back off by BLG as
they're going to try to get a reset.
Maybe looking at an early adaptation,
maybe trying to get out of this lane a
little bit potentially uh as they will
stop their back. They will stay down
there, but the top side scuttle will end
up going to B1. We will get the trade
from Shadow, but Shadow's got a little
bit of an angle onto Knight, who's
playing super aggressive under turret.
And now Bettoan going to have to come
over to try to save Knight. Shadow
realizes why he's playing up towards top
side. Will back away now. Pings from
Vichuan trying to get over on the top
side. We said about proactivity, about
activity from these junglers. Now he's
going to be spotted coming in. Shear
needs to try to run away. Going to use
the wall. Going to try to get through
this one, but the CC chain is there. And
BLG, the top duo, is going to end up
coming in with a big kill. Yeah, shear
just playing very aggressive. I
understand wanting to try and dictate
tempo, at least push the Renekton in a
little bit, but you have to know. I
mean, you do know that Bichuan is on the
top side there. you know, he's going to
be making his way up to the top side of
the map. I'm not really sure what you
thought was going to happen. Expending
the flash and then still or uh getting
the flash out of Ben is a positive
overall, but obviously dropping that
pressure, giving Renekton the lead that
he really needs in this lane is very big
for BLG. And it's Ben's Renekton of all
things, too. He's going to start with
the executioners, cut down on some of
that healing. Definitely going to be a
nice little advantage for him to play
off of as well as when we return to
things. Dragon is coming up on the
table, but now CPR are on the different
rift setup. Still have a little while
until those grubs spawn. Seen a little
bit of trades, holistic trades now last
game as well towards BG for that one.
But we'll see what kind of pryo we get
over the objectives with these junglers
wanting to be extremely active. B1 going
to keep going. Try to look for that bot
lane play. Didn't find anything. Love
this from B1. He is just looking
everywhere on the map. Anything he can
get, he is going to take. Shadow
attempting to try and capitalize, but he
could be overextended is on his own
here. I'm going to raise you an
overextension. We'll just overextend the
overextension. Uh as he does end up
getting away as now FPX trying to
collapse on with the white doesn't hit
the wall bang. Shadow is going to make
it out with a flash on barely
miscalculating the angle on that one as
Ben goes all in. Shear does not have
level six yet. Indominus has been popped
in making sure he's the apex predator,
but we'll be locked in a cage and maybe
we are watching Jurassic Park. I know we
talked about that last night. Uh but now
we get a little bit of that setup for
Ben in the top lane. He's going to have
absolute priority. Uh Ben is dominating
this 1v one right now and setting the
York behind is ginormous towards
delaying the win condition for FBX. Of
course, the York is eventually going to
get online, but the longer you can make
that window for the Renekton, the better
off you are as BLG. Not only that, but
Renexing can become a real big problem
for something like a Tristana in the
back half of the game if you are able
to, you know, get a sizable enough gold
lead. So, and getting that lead is huge
on could be face
checking. He's going to get locked down
here. Going to get the flash out at the
last second even with the reset from
awesome. Can't follow through. The
Swifty is actually coming in clutch for
him there too. Span was actually
following through on the shear who's now
got Biden behind him. He's still not
level six yet, man. Binn's almost uh
taking the turret and now P1 taking the
warmed up turret and shear maybe he'll
turn this back. B1 flashes out of
desperation and Ben now in a lot of
trouble too. The maiden makes the
difference. Ben is going down. No, the
slice and dice. He dodges out as well.
And Ben is still alive. Oh, a play that
was so close to being a game saver for
Shear is still very massive for him to
be able to turn it. Huan just taking a
few too many tower shots in terms of
trying to take down that Doroic, but
definitely should at least get the
Renekton off his back for a moment.
Still a big lead in the top side and no
kill there doesn't necessarily equalize
it. But now looking, we are getting
closer to grub spawning about 30 seconds
left on those. Dragon has been up. We've
definitely seen a delayed priority on
dragon throughout this series and really
throughout the last couple of weeks and
see if that continues. But a lot of
summoners burned across the map for a
lot of different plays already. Yeah, I
really wondered if we were going to get
a change of that pryo on dragon now that
the grubs do spawn later and that
there's only one spawn of the grubs, but
definitely doesn't seem like things have
changed very much as uh we'd prefer to
fight over blue buff than uh go for the
dragons as you remember from game number
one. Uh but now we get in the setup
around these grubs. I think it's super
important. The siege extremely important
for both sides. Uh very strong for both
sides as well. And both junglers already
pathing up this way. There's actually a
ping from FPX pinging onto the dragon.
So maybe they feel okay giving over the
grubs. They did give over the grubs last
game and they did end up winning. Yeah,
I think what we're seeing as adaptation
from some of these teams in my very
limited uh sample size so far is that
teams are a little bit unwilling to take
dragon early on before the grubs spawn
because they're afraid of a whole
collapse with it being the only
objective to take. The moment those
grubs spawn, if you want to take that
trade, becomes a lot safer to be able to
make that decision. especially with only
three now and the changes to grubs and
the effects that you get from them. I
can definitely see it being a little bit
more valued. But we see continuing to
stay aggressive onto Shear on really
wishes he was level six here. He's still
so far away from it now. She under
turret the flash hostile takeover.
Dwayne has level six and makes the
difference playing onto on he will end
up falling. Knight TPS in as well. That'
be more resources burned by BG to try to
save something. Chaos Storm going to be
unleashed there. But this whole time,
bot lane play coming through from Care.
The handshake beautifully done from Dway
and blocking the Void Seeker. It still
plays across the map from FPX. BG going
to try to pick up a little bit of
something with this outer turret on top
side. Great roam from Dwayne to be able
to dissuade that and be able to pick up
the kill. It's been really excellent
about these timers throughout the entire
split. It will be that first turret
going over to BG. So, they'll get that
for their
Yes, Awesome now in the mid lane taking
quite a bit of damage. It looks like it
will be traded for bot tier one as well.
Pretty standard trade that we see, but
um actually maybe not with that
teleport. So, okay, able to salvage it.
We are getting also completed there from
Knight. So, he'll start stacking up on
going aggressive. Take hit level six,
buddy. Go now. Go to a lane. Go do it.
Hit level six on please. I need you to
hit level six. Dway is already halfway
to level seven. Uh but first item's
coming up now. Malignant's also
completed for care. So he's going for
that cool down reduction build early
here too. I think there's a lot of
strength still lingering in this mid
lane. Able to teeter either way if they
start getting some resources. But I will
say BG did end up securing those feats
of strength. And now Bettoan can play a
little bit more aggressive now that he's
got an open side top. Yeah, great call
out on the malignance. I love this for
Ari this game. Care still needs to be
looking and active on the map. I still
believe that that's going to be the
power point for FPX, but no objectives
to fight for. I think both of these
teams are going to become a little bit
more stagnant than maybe they would have
been a previous patch. BG and Stagnet
don't usually go together too well. So,
uh that is a statement that is likely to
be proven wrong at some point. But with
being so strong in a side lane, I find
it difficult to feel comfortable with
the collapse here. Uh that gold lead
almost entirely on the top side though.
So relatively even game state. Still uh
very open for both of these teams.
Still a little while till the next
objectives too as well. Uh going to be a
bit of time until we see really any
profles happen. A little bit side lane
picking can exactly be the uh choice for
FPX. But again, both junglers trying to
stay as active as possible while still
getting these clears going through for
them. So play on the top side not going
to really extend to much for FPX even
though Shadow will end up stopping his
back there. And uh this is where you
know it's a return on play on Knight.
They realize maybe maybe Knight's pretty
good. And uh he's been feeling himself
tonight in a game three. That's when you
need a guy like Knight for BLG to step
up. A team that does have so many
expectations on him and I think FPI's
giving him a little bit of respect for
that.
I like the idea of trying to get on to
Knight here. If you are going to set him
behind, it needs to be at this part of
the game where the Ahri can really kind
of express a lot of that uh raw power on
first item spike. However, I I also like
not overextending. I think that that's
the right decision here. You know, we've
highlighted it a couple of times, but
with those objectives spawning later, no
objective up to take. You don't want to
force the issue. That being said, oh,
they're out. Facial prison wall bang
double knock up. Look at the combo. Both
of them tattered as El does take the
turret shot. Has to burn the flash, but
BLT two quick kills in mid lane and a
punish over FPX.
Awesome. Even with the cleanse, does not
have the tools to be able to get out of
that. A gorgeous ultimate from Shadow
looking to trade. Oh, he's got the
cyclone going through. Banan is just
under turret tanking as now it's Knight
tanking the turret. Actually taking
about half his health there as B1 does
make it out alive. Heart steel stack I
guess. Warf as he throws up the Teemo
emote and now K trying to stop some of
these backs going through. Elk will end
up having to delay his just a little
bit. Dragon is coming up in less than a
minute. Rift Herald in about 2 minutes.
See if FPX are going to feel willing to
fight. We still have about a 3,000 gold
lead hovering around for BLG. Yeah, we
see in this replay that they're just too
far forward. Awesome has to cleanse the
Sanani ultimate which leaves Poppy wide
open to be able to play as aggressive as
she wants here. It's a great alult from
Elk to be able to get in and secure
those kills. It could be actually a bit
dicey if he doesn't utilize that. And so
really nice uh utilization of the
resources at their disposal, but you're
absolutely right. 25 seconds on the
dragon. That's FPX's if they really
really want it. We will see where Yoro
wants to go here. Push coming in from
Ben. I'd be a little nervous about a
fight, but again Care should be at the
power spike. This is when you want to
fight theoretically if you're FPX. The
gold deficit makes it a bit scarier, but
if they can't win here, start to get a
little bit more concerned. So, we will
see. I think shear will always be a
menace in the side lane. Still hasn't
hit that first item cuz the stop off for
the bramble fest. But, uh, Yoro is
picked for a reason and will just have a
lot of strength going for them in that
split pushing. So, maybe FPX trying to
utilize that. They do have some scaling
for them, but BLG pushing the tempo of
the game. They're going to try to take
the dragon. Bin's going to get engaged
on. Slice and dice out of there. Was
trying to take down the maiden in the
end, but uh that should just be the back
completed by Shadow and FX. Shadow's
going to delay a little bit. Maybe going
over to contest, but that dragon will
just go the way of BLG. Back into the
mid lane push as well as Bettoan going
for an aggressive stance here. Going for
some vision, but more so hovering over
this mid lane play. Zan need to be a
little bit careful. Bettoan walking
over. Was thinking about throwing the
glacial prison, but they're collapsing
over on a Shear now. Yeah, this is bad
for Shear. Yorg is not in a good spot
here. Okay, we'll see if he can get out
of this one for the flash. He's fine.
Everything's good. Maiden, not so much.
This is still really bad for Shear. This
is a really bad game state overall for
Yoro. right in that York will still be
relevant throughout a lot of this game,
but they have definitely made it a
priority to make sure this York is on
the back burner hitting that Triforce
now. But down almost 30 CS here on the
top side. 1 and a2k gold lead for Bin on
this Renekton. He's going to be a really
big menace, a really big problem as FPX
starts up here on the Rift Arrow with
the dragon stacking negated as well. FPX
is definitely looking a little bit worse
for wear. That being said, they're
certainly not out of it. I said I like
their draft for a reason, but the big
turn here. All right, handshake out. The
Rift Herald did get taken. Shadow will
have an exit, but the spirit rush had to
be used on the counter of the glacial
prison. And now you're going to have
movement at least from Bento
overextending a little bit. Nobody's
here to help him. He's all by himself.
He's going to have to flash out, dash
out. BLG trying to recoup a little bit
to protect
him. Bit dicey there for M1. It's fine.
Certainly not the first time today we've
talked about Bichuan potentially
overextending. Um he is definitely
playing very aggressive and you kind of
like to see that certainly on something
like the Sichuani more so than the Zinga
to be able to make sure that he can you
know push the map and the tempo as much
as possible. But from this point onwards
BLG with that gold lead are going to
want to continue to try to use it. I
think it's smart of them to be active on
the map but it's all about finding the
right fights and especially getting the
gold onto the right members of the team
from now on. You see a gold graph there.
Little bit one-sided there. I love that
Bin is getting so many resources and
willing to pull out his signature
Renekton uh in a game three as well.
Ooh, El is feeling aggressive. I love
it. You can feel that kind of tension in
the air between the ADCs, but been on
his most played champion of his entire
competitive career, which is a pretty
decent career at this point. Uh willing
to go for more of the Renekton now in
the newer meta. Uh I love to see it
flexing his muscles a little bit. going
to have a a big stake in this game for
sure and trying to access the backline,
trying to access these squishies and uh
already almost on that second item, too.
Um I say I was going to talk about Ben,
but here we are. B1 stepping up again.
What else is new? Just testing his
health bar. Bin's about to test the
health bars of FPX, though. They want
the angle. Oh, A misses everything. I
was going to walk in and die. Okay. Uh
well that was a play of all time from
and Ben will have to back away. Bettoan
will have to back away as well and BLG
at least make it out only losing one but
the Rift Herald's coming up and they're
looking to charge it right down mid
lane.
Should be mid tower going down. There's
really no way to protect from this. Be
very careful here. Double CC from the
gravity field. They will end up getting
the charge on the turret. The turret
will fall. So no more defensive
structure on the out or mid in BLG. They
will take the Rift Herald down before it
gets another charge off. And FPX going
to look to reset now. About a minute and
a half until the next dragon comes up.
We've seen very tight races on the
dragon soul in all these games. But now
FPX trying to even up the odds, make it
a little bit more favored for them going
into this next fight if they can pick
off Finn. He has flash. He has Dominus.
He's getting completely routed right
now. Going to flash out of the slope of
cheer now. Popping Dominus. Waiting for
the slice and dice. going to use that to
get some distance away, but the second
cyclone locks him down. Ben does survive
using a lot of his tools, but BG are no
slouches. They're pushing in mid,
pushing in bot as all of this is
happening. What are FPX doing? Ben was
out forever ago. There was no way they
were ever actually going to be able to
punish that Renekton. And they're
basically just giving over their bot
lane tier 2 for three. No real concern
or care, pun intended, on that. And we
see care in the picturein picture here.
use the spirit rush to escape. But uh
just a a very weird play. And once
again, this is similar to game two where
FPX are just overindexing and almost
completely abandoning certain parts of
the map. I just don't really understand
on the top side why you feel like you
need to do that. I get the big shutdown,
but really doesn't work out. And that's
more gold swinging in the pocket of BG.
We know what they will do with the gold
lead. Uh sometimes it's good, sometimes
it's bad. Take a note from game one and
game two on. Speaking of bad, uh, misses
everything and dies immediately under
turret. The turret does end up falling,
but at least FPX get a bit of a rebuttal
there. And then the charge came through
afterwards. But dragon is up. FPX are
trying to reposition around this setup
of BLG are front and center to this
objective. Would be second dragon for
either team on another Hexte soul rift.
Yeah, I I really don't want to throw the
game away at dragon. if I'm FBX here.
Certainly, if you weren't going to do it
at second dragon, I don't see why you
would do it at third. We'll see if they
want to go for it, though. Ultimates are
available. Oh, they use the Oh, shear.
Okay, well, Shear got baited and uh even
with his maiden standing at his side, it
will not be enough to stop the LG as
they take him down. Now, they just turn
back onto the dragon here. And Shear was
the one that ended up being the uh
caught out before the dragon started.
And so second dragon for BLG. Adakon did
spawn on bot side. I love it cuz Shadows
being a little bit aggressive going for
the crouch before he backs. But this
whole setup has led to Elk taking a mid
tier two. Oh, just take the turret. Get
the flash out. Reset not there cuz he
didn't get the last hit on the explosive
charge. That means Elk will go topside
potentially or just try to back off as
the turret did fall. Now Shadow with
this Omega flank that he was on this
entire time somehow finds on double
cyclone and the kill goes to he stepped
up and took it. Two kills for the carry
Ranada. A lot to process in the last 45
seconds. Trades his flash for the tower.
Um I guess you can make the argument
that that's worth it. I certainly would
be a little bit more, you know, up in
the air on that one. And then Shadow
with the longest flank of all time
sitting in the enemy jungle as they take
dragon. Feels like he's finally found
someone with an, you know, coming back
and the support coming in to take it.
Some interesting decisions overall, but
overall the game state is in a pretty
similar position to what it was a couple
of minutes ago. You know, I still
wouldn't count FPX entirely out. We've
seen BLG be overaggressive exactly when
they shouldn't be. All it takes is one
fight for those resets to start coming
in for this Tristana, especially for the
York to start getting online. But it's
going to have to happen soon cuz BLG
really is controlling the tempo and now
they've started Oon and for FPX they
really need Cara and Awesome to be in
prime positions and I think we saw
really good play from awesome when he
had that kind of reset comp focus for
the Jinx in last game but now on
Tristana a little bit different a little
bit more scaly as well trying to get to
that point they can't contest BLG over
the Attacon so the thornbound Attacon
will go their way that extra ump and
we'll be taking a Look at that moving
forward for BLG.
Yeah, again BLG just feeling very
comfortable with the position they're
in. They get that if FPX walks into
them. They've got a pretty good comp to
hold the area. That Victor ultimate
doing a lot of heavy lifting in terms of
making sure that they can zone out FPX.
But again, you know, just just play
slow, play safe. This is something we
credited FPX for in game number two,
understanding their win condition. And
the moment they started slowing the pace
of the game down and understanding that
they don't need to force everything,
that's when things started to go a bit
better for them. See if the same can
happen here. And you can pop people
pretty easily. And if you're new to the
the thorn down at when you kill
somebody, uh, giant area of effect comes
down slowing damaging everybody as well
as granting spear pedals over. And it
just enables BLG to really have these
consistent long-term fights for
themselves once they start getting some
kills going. Flank teleport as now
they're going to try to make the play.
FPX feel like it's the time. They feel
like Shadow might be able to find an
angle. Care going in deep. Has to spirit
rush away two times. Still has one. They
go onto the other fight though. Big
hostile takeover. Dodged out from
everybody as they still do get on in the
end. The main doing some work here and
awesome was potentially looking for an
angle. It'll be the couple picks coming
through. At least the one pick on and BG
will slink away.
I like the proactivity there from FPX. I
think they realize that these close
quarters fights are really favorable for
them. K getting onto Elk, making him
burn everything at the start there. Um,
obviously has to burn a lot himself as
well.
Okay, bro.
All right, got a personal vendetta
against the maiden, it would seem.
Definitely wanted to pick that up.
Wanted to have the stats here. But we're
going to see a replay of this fight one
more time. This is a really smart play
from Care because Elk and Knight are on
the backside here. It's a lot of damage
coming in. It burns the cleanse early.
Hair does have to of course utilize a
lot of resources himself to get out. But
Elk is now really scared in this fight
and especially with that hostile
takeover coming out. Has to play super
far back. It's a free kill onto on which
is just free gold. He wanted a bit more
for that Tristana. But I think he will
take the small victories where you can
get them right now. I know why. I know
why he ulted because the maiden killed
on. That's why. He's a He's a true
brother. Stand up for your teammates. I
mean Yeah. Oh, I'm glad the visual bug
is here. Uh, as uh you can always see
steadfast presence now on Poppy. Uh,
we'll see how that works out. Uh,
yeah, it's not a problem. You could
there is a difference. It's just like
the upper particles of it, which I just
find absolutely hilarious. Now, we do
have dragon about 50 seconds. Baron in
25. Don't think that's going to be the
focus. It is soul point potentially for
BLG, but they're playing towards top
side right now to try to get a push onto
this tier 2. And there is no response
anywhere to be found by FPX as they are
getting their own push on a tier 2 and
bot side. Yeah, I'm okay with this trade
if I'm FPX. Gold is gold and the the
later you go here, the better,
especially with dragon spawning in about
25 seconds, having that control over the
bottom side could be really positive.
Knight's teleport is not available and
so that is definitely something to keep
in mind. We have pinks coming down onto
the baron. got some vision on it with
that blue trinket, but uh FPX actually
hold more cards here than they maybe
expected to. Um, Knight's teleport will
be coming up soon, but it would be risky
for BG to start up the Baron here. Two
and a half items. BLG feeling like it's
time. They're going to try to burn the
Baron down. I think FPX realized maybe
something's going on. BG not really
willing. Elk was the one that wanted to
commit. Now Shadow face checking in. CG
a little bit split on the direction they
wanted to go right there. Ends up
leading to a bit of a stall in the play.
FPX though will not be going for that
dragon any longer because of the
pressure that BG put on the Baron. One
of the reasons I was very confused by
the Baron call was Ben has no teleport
available. He's pushing bot lane. That
would have been a crazy decision from BG
to commit to something like that. It was
just never going to be in the cards. But
we do see the pings coming down onto
Baron and onto dragon now for both of
these sides. Looks like dragon's going
to be the priority though. The void
flicker blade has been completed there
as well for Elk. So three items for the
Kai'Sa. Really looking for the pop burst
as well. And looks like FPX realized
they just need to hold on. They need to
buy more time for themselves. And
unfortunately that timer will be about 5
minutes as soul point secured by BLG do
not want to give a hex tech soul to this
composition.
Yeah, they continue to say that this
isn't the hill we want to die on. And
honestly, I I can't blame them. Again, I
just think it's a really difficult
situation to try to walk into a Victor
and try to walk into a Seduani who can
instantly turn and burst down anybody
who goes in. You don't have a true front
liner here. It's really Wukong who has
to do a lot of the checking and so
becomes very difficult for FBX to try
and contest a lot of these objectives.
But Baron is the name of the game now.
The dance has begun. The music is
starting to play and we are going to see
which team wants to try and take the
gambit first. I would be very shocked if
either wanted to full commit to it yet.
We could see a slower paced game moving
forward here.
Could indeed which uh you know I'm fine
with cuz that means we get a bigger
spectacle in the end. more tension, more
stress, and honestly what this series
expects now that it's gone the distance,
now that we saw FPX fight back in game
two as BLG start up the Baron again. I
guess Elk isn't here. There's no way
this is real. Just back away. They're
just playing mind games right now with
FPX as she going to get out on his bot
side. He did step up and now coming
around the corner now. El has a lot of
damage. He's going to try to fight his
way out of this one, but the health
shred is still there. And now the
executioner means the healing is nowhere
to be seen. And Ben gets the pick on a
shear.
Yeah, it's a really nice play. FBX is
too distracted to try to make a play,
but they're going to try to counter.
They want to try to get Banan down as
well. He can't go over the wall. He's
going to give resets over to Awesome. Is
going to give the kill there, too, as
the explosive charge goes down. Chaos
storm has been used. Summoner spell by
Shadow, though. The flash being down is
big. Oh, Elk. Elk is here. He does hit
the plasma onto the clone, but did have
Killer Instinct if he wanted to join.
BLG going to sweep out some of the
vision here. Still a nice trade back and
forth by both teams. It's still a steady
advantage by BLG. Yeah, you see Elk bot
lane. You decide to make a play here
with no Kaiser available. I understand a
lot. He has the killer instinct. Oh, he
stopped him before he could get the
plasma stack off with the uh the the
chain trying to get some damage down
with the void seeker there to get the
combo and bring Elk to the fight. But
Care able to navigate it nicely. Now
back onto the rift go FPX to get their
own vision back and maybe even find a
little bit of a pounce play onto Elk.
Not going to go for that one, but go for
vision round Baron. Yeah, vision is so
important for FPX in terms of how this
game state has unlocked. I can't
reiterate enough walking into a Victor
Seduani Renekton blind with no vision,
that is not a recipe for success. You
have to make sure you can track where
BLG is basically at any point throughout
the rest of the game. It opens up more
opportunities for Awesome to play more
aggressive as well as care to not feel
like he has to burn that ultimate just
to stay safe in a lot of these fights.
By time for Yoro in a side lane,
eventually this uh this York is going to
have the push. Shear is going to be able
to do things. He hits level 16 now. So,
uh, the York is eventually going to be
strong here as Bin completes the Randu's
Omen as well, though. Yeah, I will also
say Knight completed Arabidons after
going for the seekers. So, guys, uh,
he's window shopping and getting
everything he needs. Uh, starting to
find a big difference here with the
scaling and he needs to find that
scaling. And we do grab the Victor. We
were wondering how much his Victor would
outweigh the at least matchup
differential that the Ari brings for
Care. So far, he's going to have a lot
to say in these fights. specifically in
the big team fights that DT are going to
be looking to take. They've been willing
to start up the Baron on a whim and now
they're over on the top side to try to
force FPX's hand about a minute and 15
seconds out of the dragon
spawning. This dragon's going to be a
real interesting pivot point because it
looks like Baron will still be on the
table when this dragon spawns. And it's
about how much BG want to invest, but
they are blind. We talked about how
dangerous it is for FBX to face check
anyone on BG. And that's what they're
going to have to do here.
They're going to try to move over and
get some support by Shear over towards
the dragon pit. But now on is circling
around the north side. Could always turn
back onto the baron force FPX up the
river. A little bit of a flank going as
well. Finn will end up backing away and
rejoining the team here as mid lane
pryo. The tension is heavy. They know
how important this series is. Again, FPX
on a little bit of a slide after having
a heck of a series of wins for
themselves. And BLG trying to make good
on joining is on finds that big
separation and nowhere even close is
going to be the extra help from Shadow
as Baron goes down to BLG. Shadow gets
no response. And now that Baron will
empower BLG to push down this mid lane,
get Pryo to go over to this dragon.
Engage coming through from Ban. Flash
for Care. Care tries to go for the hero
play. Elk is going to burst. Out goes
down. Awesome gets the reset. FPX, they
might find it. Awesome. This is your
moment. This is your time as resets also
coming through from Care. Ben going to
be spaced out of Awesome can't find any
more angles. FPX, they fight their way
through to a big 3 to2 fight. Three to
three rather. 3 to2.
Wow, what an angle for K. I didn't even
really see that for him, but he clearly
saw it himself that Ari landing the
charm very importantly. El gets
demolished in that fight. gets
absolutely blown up and with no Kaiser
there, it's actually a little bit
suspect whether or not BG have enough
damage to break down even this more
unconventional front line of the Yoro
and the Wukong opens up a bit of
options, but because of that fight BG
can start this dragon. Yeah, and there's
not really Knight does so much damage
already. They're running here. Maybe
they make it in time. No jungler. I
don't care. 50/50 the old school way and
BG have pulled off of it and now they're
going to move back in. Who's going to
get it? This is up for grabs. Finn gets
hand shook out. It's going to be taken
by awesome. Here comes Shear with the
TP. Shadows here now. BG. They've
overextended. They don't have the rest
of their team. This is a 5v3, but El
finds Care. He's trying to get him. The
bail out there. The charm doesn't
connect and care will fall now. The
resets coming through. Elk looking for
his angle. Baitan taking advantage of
FPX and BLG. They find the turn. They
find the fight. Elk has a triple kill as
well. The final kill will come through
and BLT will rally around Elk and find
the gamewinning
fight. The killer instinct from the
killer AD carry with Elk. Absolutely
destroying the backline of FPX. It
looked like it was such a great
situation. They got in. They were able
to get the dragon, but they didn't
account for the Kai'Sa. She dives the
backline and FPX is torn to
shreds. Their series is over. There's a
B in BLG. There's a B in Beethoan. Maybe
it's just the miracle. Maybe it's just
Magic coming in. They find a two win
streak. They make good on the loss that
they just faced against FPX on Monday.
And they find a 2-1 victory over FPX.
Bean might just be the new era for BLG,
but I know Awesome's gonna want that
last fight back 10 times out of 10. I
saw him kind of huddling over in the
cams at the end of that one, but got to
get Flowers where they're due. Spirit
blossoms, if you will, to BLG.
Absolute resilience from BLG. This was a
bit of a gauntlet of a series. Game two
very back and forth as we talked about,
but game three certainly not a cakewalk
either. FPX look like they're making
their way back into the game, showing
that resilience, but BLG shutting the
door once again through a player that
needed to step up. We saw Ben and Knight
kind of reemerge last series. It was
Elk's turn this time. It was indeed a
couple big pop offs as well. We got the
big pop off in game number one from
Knight. Banan still looking much better
on the facilitators for this BLG team uh
than I would say more the carry oriented
junglers. But that's something that BLG
can work through. But we're finally
seeing some real step ups from the
players that needed to step up on this
well-known and high expectated team uh
in BLG. And I think if you came into
this one, if you wonder if FPX even had
a chance, they gave him a run for their
money. I think FPX should be very proud.
Oh, certainly nothing to be ashamed of
for Fun Plus Phoenix in this series. A
lot of really exciting things to see
from them. I think they started to
understand their win condition a little
more down the stretch. They were slowing
the pace of the game down. felt like
they were trying to make the comeback.
Unfortunately, they just weren't able to
make it happen in the end. I think their
comp was a little bit too difficult to
execute and uh they just didn't have the
firepower, but I'm still really excited
about FPX. This was a team that we
didn't expect to even be able to compete
with Billy Billy at the start of the
year. This was still a great showing
from them. Yeah, it was. And we've
really seen this team kind of come
together. I think Care had a really good
series as well for the most part. Uh
obviously some things going wrong in bot
lane that maybe they can clean up, but
the stories write themselves. We go into
the second round. Robin, you literally
just had this match on, buddy. We've had
so many of those instant uh kind of
rematches here going into the second
round. Robin
and Bichan can hold it over way. That's
all I'm saying. I beat FBX. You didn't,
man. I don't know what to say. Still
ended up going 2-1, but this time going
BLG's way. And moving forward, I mean,
we talked about BLG being in a little
bit of a sorry state. They move forward
now as well uh into that six and five
position, but they've still got a lot of
things to go for them. They've still got
three series uh coming up next week.
This was their big four series week. Uh
they did end up going two and two, so a
little bit like what their season has
been going on so far, but they still
have some big names to go. Their next
match up will be against TT. So we get
the jungle rematch from his old or
facing off against Al and a redot we
right after that. So, this BLG team
really needs to start ramping up and
this is a great start to it. Yeah, I
mean they're ramping up at the exact
right time and especially with that win
over Waybo yesterday. This is a team
that's now sitting I believe in top four
and you can see that in terms of their
results. The the damage coming out from
Knight, he was just fantastic throughout
today. It really feels like we're
getting MVP Knight back and maybe that's
just the comfort coming in from him now
that he's getting to play with Suani and
you know Scarnner again but um it's
definitely it's fine. Not the No. Yeah,
I think I think we have learned pretty
clearly that that is maybe not. If he
drafts it again, that's a Chad move.
That's all I'm saying. Oh, for sure.
It's yike on VI levels of we're going to
make this work. So, uh, but, uh, yeah, I
I think everything just feels so
comfortable for BLG. And I talked about
it earlier, but it's the vibes, right?
It's just this this idea of things were
kind of looking a little bit murky.
There were these, you know, play style
differences that I think players like
Weey and On just inherently had in terms
of Weey being a little bit slower on
being more aggressive and just never
really felt like it clicked in the way
that they wanted. Doesn't seem like they
have it anymore. It feels like
everybody, at least for the week number
one here, was on the same page. Yeah,
and it it feels good to see that. I want
to see consistency for a team that wants
to be a representative at MSI, wants to
be trying to push the best of the best.
I still have my consistent doubts about
Ptoan, but I'm very willing to be proven
wrong. And BLG have shown that they've
had success bringing in new talent,
especially in the jungle position to
kind of reinvigorate themselves. And uh
maybe this is just a start to that. It's
a it's a return to bread and butter,
right? Like we got Bins Renekton uh
where obviously we we have ended up
seeing that as well because he's it's
literally his most played this split,
but also of all time for his career. But
we get a lot more of the shades of these
solo laners of the stars that built this
BLG team into that back-to-back
championship uh last year. Yeah, I mean
the talent's there. We we've never been
worried about the players like in terms
of their best. It's just been about
getting there and getting them to be
able to know that they can get there
consistently. We saw some really
aggressive plays this series, even the
ones that didn't work out. I kind of
feel okay about that. I just like seeing
this team feel like they're the best
team in the series. play like they're
the best team in the series. Oh, the
Zed, dude. Like I I just his career.
That's wild. No MVP as a reminder. Um
but of course, um you know, just
everything kind of feeling great for
BLG. Again, the vibes are great. Ben
played great today. He was awesome
yesterday. Just really a lot to like
about how things are going for BLG. It
felt very complete for them today. Yeah,
it did indeed. I still think some
hesitencies about game number two and
some of the fumbles that we did see from
them. Still wondering uh some of those
positions that Bichuan put him in. But
that's also some of those question marks
that have to be answered as time goes
along for Bichuan and for BLG as a whole
if that change is really going to be the
difference maker for them moving forward
for FPX moving forward.
You know, you got a lot of games left,
but you're starting to look at uh a
little bit of a tough score line here
for themselves as they go into the
latter half of their second round.
Robin, the next faces or matches they'll
have to face off against is W, TT, and
AL. So, still some big matches ahead of
them here with teams that are right
there with them. Yeah, I mean, it
doesn't get easy. Group is a gauntlet.
Every single day you're going to have to
run into someone. And so, as much as we
talk about, oh, it's great. They beat
Waybo. They beat FPX. It's obviously a
great start. You got to keep it up if
the foot even comes a little bit off the
gas at any point. I mean, this team,
yes, they're now above 500, but they're
still barely above 500. This is still a
team fighting it out to be where they
want to be. And um hopefully for them, I
think they they want to try to find that
consistency that they can rely on game
in and game out. All right, MVP. It's
got to be Elk. It's got Right.
Right. Not bad. You know, at least it's
not baitan. Well, honestly, we'll give
it to him. After the uh after the ult on
the maiden, I was sold. That was when he
earned that MVP. That's when he knew.
When we knew. Yeah, that's when we knew.
But, uh, you know, a confident pick from
him. Yeah. I mean, he was phenomenal
today. Uh, game one and game three
especially, but even in game two, it
felt like he was playing rather well. He
just start he's feeling a lot more
comfortable. And if Knight's going to be
playing like an MVP, like I honestly
think you can do almost anything for
BLG. He really is that strong of a
player. So to see him have such a great
day is really encouraging. Absolutely
the case. Now K man, that's the only
series you're joining us for, but we do
have a big one coming up next. I want to
get your thoughts really quick on the
Shinobi wars. Top esports versus IG as
our third best of three coming up. What
do you think? I absolutely cannot wait
to see how this ends up playing out. Uh
Invictus steps up the most against teams
like Top Esports. And so if you're ever
going to say, "All right, this is the
day where the shy pops off. This is the
day where Rookie completely dominates.
It could be today. That being said, Top
Esports has looked so dominant and so
consistent. They still are the top team
in the LPL and uh you know, IG have
their work cut out for him, but this is
a very important series for them. They'd
get to 500 with this one as well. Top
Esports's only loss is against IG at the
start of the split. We'll see you there
for a banger third series of the day.
We'll see you for Top Esports versus IG.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Welcome back everyone to LPL English,
your unofficial home for everything LPL.
I'm Mazelle and now with my swapped out
duo, I've got Jamatada joining me for
the last series of the day. It is the
Shinobi Wars. It is Top Esports versus
IG. Top Esports only loss that won in
that column down there was to IG in week
number two. Let's see if revenge is
going to be a beautiful treat for Top.
top expeditiously. Want to write that
wrong on their record because otherwise
they have looked mostly infallible. Top
Espots are a weird team. We'll get into
that as we drive into the series, but
still the results don't lie. They are 9
and one. They are the top of the LPL
right now and they're looking for that
coveted 10th win uh to push IG slightly
further down behind the pack the middle
of this ascent pack which is continuing
to seemingly grow very very large. It's
uh been a lot of fun. We'll take a look
at the uh the standings here to catch
everybody up a little bit. But uh with
BLG's win, things get a little bit more
hectic in that 3, four, fifth spot.
Still though, Top Esports, a dominant
force within the league itself. And uh
we're looking at the top four of group
ascend to go immediately into the
playoffs and be spared at the playoff
playin. Yeah, exactly right. You want to
be inside of that top four in this
ascend group uh just to get slammed
right into playoffs. No, you know, no
mucking about, no weird uh extra
qualification matches. Just sit there
comfortably. And IG, like you were
saying, they need this win, right? They
are technically right now behind that
six uh win pack uh of those three teams.
It's
Waybo, JDG, and BG. I've got short-term
memory. Uh oh, good. So, yeah, they they
need this because they have been, you
know, losing quite a few series lately.
Admittedly though, two strong and
resurging teams. Uh in this case, it's
just Waybo the resurging team and was
the strong team. Um so, they've had a
very rough run of schedule uh in the
last week and a half or so. that's going
to continue here today. But hey, if
there is a team that could upset the
apple cart, could go against the grain,
it's this IG against Top Esports who
they've already beat. Yeah, exactly
that. And maybe this Top Esports team
we're going to be taking a look at here
first uh can find some of that
redemption moment uh coming through for
them. Obviously, a very strong team,
very dominant team on a five win streak,
obviously. Uh but it really is about the
fact that they've had four out of five
games go the distance and uh that that's
something to be said. Maybe some more
practice time there, but some
fluctuations in how we've seen this team
play as well. I know they will be very
happy with what they were able to do
against FPX there as well just uh that
night and uh being able to have that
kind of performance to build off to of
into this series. Very important. Yeah,
and you know, this is why I was kind of
saying, hey, 9 and one, the the results
technically don't lie, but if you really
look at some of these games from Top
Esports, the finer details have perhaps
been not so fine at times. Uh, you know,
they have been going to three games a
lot, and it it's been for a reason. Uh,
whether it's, you know, whole team plays
or individuals just kind of occasionally
falling short in one game to a point
where it kind of just cost a little bit
too much. uh you know they have
struggled in that regard but still fun
little stat check here for you. Top
Essports when they're ahead of 15
minutes are winning I Oak said the the
stat I have to go back and grab it
exactly but I think it's 93 or 94% of
their games they just win wild which for
clarity that's on par with teams like HL
Geni and at least this year anyone's
legend as well. So they're they're doing
all right when they get ahead, but still
it's about those eye tests, the overall
journeys uh of getting to that nexus
explosion, which still occasionally does
leave us wanting a bit more. And I think
it's just because we hold to esports to
such a high regard, uh given some of the
international shenanigans, I think, is
where a lot of that stems from. Yeah.
And I I'm particularly looking at Cream
tonight. We could talk a little bit
about uh what happened last time in the
matchups as we transition over to IG. A
team who did take down Top Esports in
that matchup so long ago, but a team
that has so much star power. They've
struggled sometimes to find consistency
and they are on a three loss streak.
It's been some of the big wombo combos
at least for Waybo. having to face them
twice in a row and losing 2-1 and
getting absolutely destroyed by AL last
night, not getting a single kill in game
number one. But it's a team that you
expect to be able to rise the occasion.
And last time against Top Esports,
rookie bodied Cream in game number
three, the pivotal game of that series.
And Gala had a 20 and4 KDA against
Jackie Love across the series itself.
And you have to expect that they could
try to sum up a little bit of that
tonight against Top Esports. Yeah, that
was a little while ago though. And
unfortunately, they've only had one
sleep and no scrims likely since this
body and a new patch and a new map, you
know, and now it's going to be on a new
patch. So, uh, you know, um, maybe maybe
some I mean to to me the big problem is
I feel like whilst there are a couple of
very important changes inside of this
patch, and we'll touch on it a bit more
perhaps as as this series goes on uh,
and such, I don't really feel like
there's enough big changes to really
shift the identity of this IG team. I
think the one main thing maybe is that,
you know, it it does feel like at times
IG just win skirmishes. They shouldn't
win. And there are technically less
things to fight over on this patch,
right? Less frequent grub spawns, herald
uh timers shifted a little bit, things
like that. So, uh perhaps that is to the
detriment of IG, but honestly, knowing
this lineup, knowing these these
players, they will fight over anything.
They can find something to fight over,
they'll do it. So, uh you know, maybe
the focus actually goes away from those
objectives and towards the lanes uh
instead. you know, we we end up with
higher kill games through nature of just
attacking the side. And I want to take a
look at this mid lane match up. I know
it's going to be a super important one
here tonight, but again, I said Rookie
had Cream's number last time they faced
off, but the fact of the matter is Cream
has been popping off. I mean, just the
other night when he they faced off
against FPX, he had a legendary Tristana
performance, bringing us back to those
memories of last year. went on a 1617
win streak on that champion and I think
rookie is going to find a very different
opponent this time around in facing
across from him. Yeah, you know, he's a
player that we've been excited about for
years, right? You know, you recall our
work in 2023 uh when he was on OMG, us
being super excited about him kind of
being a bit new generation of mid laner
potentially, right? Uh and yeah, it felt
like last split was kind of that
crowning moment running the gauntlet of
all of those uh you know, the old guard
mids uh to then get that title. Rookie,
one of those mid laners uh in that
category. And yeah, kind of in a way
it's it Rookie is not on the throne
anymore, but it does in many ways kind
of feel like again it's like a a
challenging of old verse new in that
regard where yeah, Rookie is going to
have to do a little bit of heavy
lifting. He's been doing a lot of heavy
lifting. He's the clutch factor, man.
He's the clutch factor. He is literally
the clutch factor. It feels like when
they're slipping off the edge of the
cliff, the Shai's like dragging them
down over there. So, he's been more
consistent. I'll give the sh that. I
mean, but rookie is the one that's like
always pulling them back up with the
rope. Like, come on guys, let's go.
Yeah, man. And and I was about to say in
in all fairness to the Shai. And look,
anyone who is a loyal from 2023 viewer
at least will recall my many many casts
of just absolutely bollocking the Shai
at any opportunity that I had. Uh but he
has been significantly better this year.
I mean, hell, he was better throughout
his his appearances last year, too. So,
I'm happy that uh you know, he's playing
as he is uh in this IG lineup. But hey,
369 on your screen there at the end of
that lineup, uh, is an opponent that I
think, you know, I'm sure the Shai is
obviously going to be very familiar
with, but he too is going to have to do
a lot of heavy lifting, much like his
work husband in the mid lane. The
Shinobi wars kicking off once again. Uh,
Top Esports again on a massive streak
for themselves, but uh, some different
focuses at least coming into tonight as
well. I know we talked about mid lane a
lot, but I think we have two legendary
gunslingers. maybe the most legendary uh
in the LPL, not only Gallo with some of
his international success with RNG, but
some of those domestic titles as well.
And more so than not, I guess talking
about the other side of things where
Jackie Love and Crisp actually have been
a pretty nice form to see for Top
Esports and being the fact that they can
play through them a lot more. we saw the
the prevalence of hyper carries maybe
coming through a little bit more often
in the meta and both these guys set up
for success when it comes to those hyper
carries. Yeah, I mean if you recall, you
know, Gala's time on LNG, I think one of
the big frustrations that we had about
that roster was that their lack of
playing through him and admittedly Gar
was also just having a a a much rougher
time individually as well. But, you
know, here on this lineup, he feels a
lot more alive uh and much more back to
the Gala of old, the Gala that we expect
uh to to show up and just dish out
damage and have those gala,
right? Um so yeah, you know, going up
against the Jackie Love now, who uh you
know, we've continually praised as you
know, getting better and better and uh I
think just in general more mature and
and consistent about his play uh in a
matchup like this, which is as important
as it is for, you know, top end of the
table for uh top. And then, of course,
trying to keep up with uh staying out of
that whole qualification situation in
the playoffs, but still in the playoffs.
You're looking at your two big main
target men there in the bottom lane.
Speaking of two big target men, we got
our 1v one coming up. Side select of key
importance for both these two teams. Uh
blue side very important at least.
Whoever wins this, it's Cream versus the
Shai. So, Cream getting the call up once
again. Feels like we're always watching
Cream for Top Esports, but uh the Shai
going to be the answer here for IG.
Think we actually get a top lane
matchup.
We've had a lot of two kills. We've had
a lot of allins so far. Maybe more
curious about I'm more curious about
what is going to end up playing more
than uh more than anything. I feel like,
you know, the shai is the shy, right?
He's going to have a a a large list of
of 1 v one champions prepped, I'm sure.
Uh but sometimes it feels like mid
laners mid laners are weird when it
comes to the 1v ones because in theory
you'd think that the next best set of
champions that they are decent at is
probably some of those top laners,
right? Uh top laners OP right now, bro.
Like
but they'll they'll come in and they'll
play weird stuff, you they'll they'll
run the Corki and it will look horrible
and then they lose, right? Um or they'll
run some of their their own like kind of
midlaners. So, uh yeah, we we'll have to
see. Cream was also the Cream was the
one who lost to Knight in the 1 v one
when he was I think he lost to to
Oriana, right? He lost the first tower.
I want to say maybe I can't remember if
it was Cream, but my my brain told me it
was remember one v ones. What? Look, I
swear it literally passes in one ear,
goes out the other. And like 1 v ones
for me have been lost to time. It's
funny.
Sometimes one v ones stick in in your
head. Yeah. Like when uh died to the
fire. Yeah. That
that would that one sticks with me big
time. Yep. Mhm. Yeah. Exactly. So it's
not like they uh they go in one eye and
out the other. I guess this it Well, you
know, it's you're not Well, you're
watching it, right? So it's not like
you're listening. I mean, but you're
listening to it, too. Technically, you
know, we're getting the metaphysical
conversation here. We're going to start
figuring out what the meaning of life
is. It's 42.
Look, I uh I expect this series to be
long. So, I'm trying to get the
wackiness out now so that we can stay as
serious as possible.
Serious. Yeah, super serious for the for
the duration of this uh this series. Uh
but yeah, it it was very very fun. Uh we
are still waiting of course. Uh it's
very serious. I've been sight selector
is important. I'm trying I'm trying to
start the one v one. It's not working.
Jamata.
Oh man. It's not it's not it's not
working. I like I like the setup though.
Uh just the 369 doesn't have to fight
the shai early. Doesn't have to get the
warm up in the 1v one. He lets do that.
He can watch the shai, see his
tendencies, see how he's feeling.
I I I may be reading too much into it,
but maybe that's what 369 I think 369
and the Shai actually have a really
important matchup tonight. I know we
talked a little bit about mid lane and
looking at that uh that ADC position,
but we have seen a lot of tendency from
top lane having a ton of influence as
time goes on in the games and that
doesn't change even with the map changes
that we do see coming into tonight.
Yeah, I mean look, the top lane over
many many compounded changes has become
one that I think people sleep on
weirdly. I think people are starting to
kind of wake up to the the overall
power. But then you look at some of the
individual champions inside the meta
right now which are so so powerful uh
and and getting picked very frequently
and when they're being piloted like
people like the shai dare I say and of
course people like 369 who's had a very
very consistent split. Yeah, you're
you're going to see a lot of dominant
performances. And this is what I love
about matchups like these in the LPL.
You're saying, you know, we've touched
on the mid lane, we've touched on the
bot lane. We series like this, you could
just kind of throw a dart at a dart
board and it's going to land on
something interesting, right? Um so
yeah, the top lane again, like we're
kind of highlighting, also going to be
one of of major importance, especially
when you've got champions like Jace.
Both of these players, very very
proficient Jace players. champions like
Gwen obviously the Shai uh throughout
was it 2022 2023 renown for the for that
pick right it was like if you don't ban
Gwen versus the Shai whilst Gwen was
meta you are just asking for a blasting
like that was just the way it went so uh
you know I'm super excited to see what
that matchup will actually hold for us
is it going to be carry versus carry
because hey as much as we know 369 as
the the tank guy he's been you know he's
been handed a couple of carries every
man he's Yeah, he's been really well
busting out their Enkton, the occasional
Rumble. Uh, you know, there there was a
Gwen game, too. I recall. I'd have to go
through the match history. He's had a
couple games. He's he's had a good
couple of uh good goodw games, too. So,
uh, yeah, you know, this is also kind of
a I don't want to say pseudo, but a a
it's weird because 369 originally did
actually play a fair few carries and
then throughout what felt like a
kind of what needed to be a system thing
at JDG then shifted over to being the
the nullifying guy, right? like the on
Renekton guy, the the Scion, the Gragas.
Hey, you know, the rest of my team is so
good. As long as I don't lose, right?
Like life should be good. I do love uh I
do love that they're bringing up the the
camera while we have time. You know, why
not go through some of the friendships?
Obviously, two guys that uh won a world
championship together, bringing glory to
the LPL. And I I know that's a mission
statement that IG had put out at the
start of the year. uh still fluctuating
a little bit with that, but nice to see
them facing off all these years later.
Uh the Shai coming back into the league
this year and trying to recombine and
also facing off against of course rookie
on the other side. They didn't add him
into the conversation. I guess it is uh
it's going to be fun to see them kind of
reunite, but as opponents this time.
Yeah, I mean there are so
many worldwinners in this game. It feels
like that's every top every top LPL like
series matchup though. There's there's
always it feels like at least half of
the the fielded players uh have have
lifted an international trophy uh or
come very very very close. Uh so yeah,
you know, always always very very fun to
to see those guys uh play off against
each other. The old IG lineup is one
that people remember fondly for a very
good reason, right? Uh it it's not that
it came out of nowhere. It was just it
came in and dominated so differently for
for the context of its time uh that even
now 7 years later we are still talking
about it. Uh seven by the way that
doesn't make me feel anything crazy. Uh
there's uh what that again? Yeah, we we
still talk about super fondly. Yeah, I'm
still and I talked about it the whole
last series. I'll talk about this whole
series as well. It's just still so crazy
to me that especially because we play
every day of the week, LPL just hot
drops into the full new map. And I know
you were talking about there's not many
changes. Does feel weird with LPL teams
were so consistent at the timers early
and the swaps and things along those
lines. Like how much is that going to
affect a lot of the teams now that we're
kind of returning to a state that we've
had before previously in League of
Legends? But also still some good
priority needed around those grubs to
get that instant buff to have that
siege. And we saw it affected a couple
of the series already so far in some of
those timers. Still seeing teams swap a
little bit early as well. And I wonder
if that's going to be affecting these
teams tonight as well. They've had a
couple days. They did play their last
series two days ago unlike BLG who
literally played the night before. Uh
but but still trying to get a prep going
uh just a couple days in advance to a
big series against Top Esports and IG,
right? Either side of them. Uh it's big
stuff. Yeah, I mean especially the the
grub timer like you got a cool down,
right? Uh I think that's going to be one
that stays relatively consistent. I
mean, this is the thing though. team
teams are are very very particular and
you know habitual map rotations are
something not to get too nitty agree for
the you know for for your average fan
this might be a bit of a boring
conversation so I apologize but it's
like you know you've got grub spawning
at 8 minutes or like what used to be six
sorry you swap out of the lane at you
know 4 and a half it's like great maybe
the other the other bot lane doesn't uh
follow us now we're in a m you know 2v1
the matchup doesn't suck as much and
then we have the the benefit of having
numbers advantage at Grubs without
needing the rotation beforehand. Now at
8 minutes, it's like, well, we could
swap to get out of the bad matchup, but
it's like if we swap too early, then
we're going to have too much gold in our
pockets by the time grubs spawn up.
Like, it's a whole can of worms. It is a
whole can of worms. So, seeing teams
adapt to that change in particular is
going to be uh very, very interesting.
Have you seen our new emote ZDD? It's
like ZDZ plus XD. It's in our text chat.
Yeah, there it is. It's so terrifying,
but it's so good. It's so good, man.
It's so good. Huh? How did um shout out?
I'm I feel like I missed the chapter.
I'm going to I'm pretty sure it was ALK
that made it. I'm not super sure. Kai,
who where did we get that? How did we
get it? Huh? Shout out to our producer
Kai who's uh putting the longest shift
of the night, by the way, on three best
of threes. I think I think Kai puts in
the longest shifts all the time. Yeah,
it was it was Alk uh with the
combination of Kai's idea. Uh so great
power duo there. Uh shout outs to both
of them and uh shout outs to not being
able to start our third series yet
because why does this have to happen to
us, man? Like I don't It's Look, does
does this not just feel like 2023 all
over again to you? Yeah. Yeah, I guess
so. Feels like all the time recently. I
don't know what it is, but my presence
on broadcast brings terrible things. Uh,
hey, it's at least at least it's not as
bad as uh, dare I say, but I'm going to
say it. I don't know if you've been
seeing what's happening with VCT here in
EMIA, man. The the pauses that those
guys have to suffer through uh, has been
nothing short of tragic. Um, several
hours, mind you. So, yeah. Uh, let's
bring that into, you know, we're not
going to think about that. We're now
we're going to push that right out of
our thoughts. There hasn't there hasn't
been a European on the cast today, has
there? Am I the first one? I think it's
all been North Americans, right? Maybe
that's that's that's what's going on
here. I might have I might have brought
a little bit of weird mojo from the
English
side to the monkey monkey paw
curl as you ask for a long series. Oh,
goodness gracious. We got Kai's. We're
all We have two pieces to the long duos
of LPL English. Uh as me and Kai seem to
be on so many long series and you see
Kai's uh record there, three game
series. Uh but hopefully we'll be
getting into it sooner rather than
later. I'm sure there's just some issues
getting honestly at this point since
it's taken so long. Can we just like
coin flip side? Like like come on. At
what point you get wacky? Like at what
point do we get wacky, right? Like I
said, let's get the wackiness out of the
way earlier and it was barely like a
real touch on the metaphysical reality
of experiencing True
Expl. But at what point do we just What
emotion would you tie with the LPL? Like
what out of all the emotions, what is
the one emotion if you had to choose one
that represents the LPL?
Gosh, that's a that's a deep question.
And there's a lot of strong answers. I
have to say
I would have to say passion.
Yeah. Yeah. Passionate. That that that's
that's the the emotionality. Okay. I
would uh I'll drive on that.
Anger. Oh, I mean, if you're a top
esports fan, I think that's pretty
valid. I guess it's not as much anymore.
I guess the the old story of LPL always
felt like uh you know a lot of
motivation, a lot of rivalries and
things along those lines played towards
and and those like emotions played up a
lot more. But I I think I agree with
your your passion statement for sure if
we're if we're looking metaphysical, you
know, figuring out how we feel about the
Well, it'll be uh see there that that
scroller at the bottom is not good news.
It's not good news. I can I can tell you
that I I don't read it. I'm not Chinese.
Okay, we're getting a little bit of uh
clarification at least uh as apparently
Top Esports has found a little bit of an
issue uh with their select and we'll be
working through that on Riot's side. I'm
sure they'll be working through it as
fast as possible. We'll be getting into
the game. Uh looks like a little bit of
a technical issue with some gear
potentially. uh for Top Esports. Shout
out to Kai for trying to do the
translation uh live for us to figure out
exactly what's going on, but
unfortunately we know just about as much
as you all do. So, here we go. Uh do we
continue talking about a physical or
anything? What do you been up to, Javat?
You haven't been on this stream for even
a while. How how you been how you been
doing? How's how I've gone into hiding.
I've I've gone into hiding, you know. Uh
okay. Not good usually, but Okay. No,
no, no, no, no. Like I'm I'm taking more
of me time, right? Nice. Uh, okay.
That's That might be good. I'm reading.
I'm consuming reading a lot more
educated. Oh my goodness. God forbid.
Um, I don't even know how to read. I
just I can tell, Mazelle. I can tell.
Yeah.
Uh, I'm playing through a lot of single
player games at the moment. Like mostly
kind of the cozy kind, right? So, uh, I
played through Ary and the Blind Forest
recently. Never played that franchise.
Have you played that Claire obscure game
yet? The Xbox 33? But I have the game I
have the game pass. So I'm I'm actually
I'm probably going to download it and
play it later next week. Uh I just
finished Dave the Diver, which was
awesome awesome experience. Dave the
Diver was a great little comfy game.
I've got Cyberpunk queued up at at some
point. I'm waiting to play that. Uh
there was also the Oblivion remake,
which I I'm kind of weirdly on the fence
about. I not because I feel like
Oblivion is a bad game or anything. I
just it's it's I I just haven't been
into Skyrim since I was like a kid. Oh.
Like I I played Oblivion on the original
360. No, no, no. I know. I'm not saying
it's bad. I'm just saying I played it
when I was like 9 years old and it's
like can I like it's not something that
sticks in my mind as a hey, I adored
this. The lights are shifting. Wait,
wait. That's important. Button. Have
they fixed the issue? I'm hitting. I'm
heading. Yes. Yes.
Big. Let's go. All right, we finally get
into it. Cream versus the Shai. It's
been a little while, but now we're
getting into the side select one v one.
Cream taking some tips from 369, but a
lot of top lane bands for Cream side of
things. You're going to get some
differentiation in the bands and an
insta lock of the Varys for the Shai.
Oh. Oh no. Yeah, Varys one v one. It's a
Varys one v one. Okay. Is it just double
lethal tempo? Uh runes will be
interesting actually. You know, like
Lethal Tempo is obviously a very very
good one v one rune.
Ferris though because of how like trade
patterns work, especially in a 1 v one,
you'd maybe want Hob, right? Halo Blades
F three autos.
[Music]
Uh PTA is technically also an option for
the burst obviously because of the
exposure damage and the way that the
blight stacks work if you remember how
solo lane bars used to operate last
year. PTA was a pretty abusive rune. So
I don't know there's there's options. Uh
builds obviously also going to be
another thing on hit or poke, right?
What do you what do you go what is the
uh what is the setup? That's the thing
with Varys. He's just a very very
versatile champion. So yeah, uh we'll
have to wait to see the differences in
these guys uh setups here to really give
a judgment on on who we think is going
to take it. Yeah, the seriousness of the
one v
one. Hopefully we can get into the game
now, please. I just I'm looking, you
know, we we've got we've gotten this
third series set up. We've got all these
things going, but man, it is uh it is
potentially going to be a long night
here as we lock in. It is going to be
the 1v one side select for our third
best of three of the day. You don't know
the rules. It is first turret taken or
first two kills until the ring of fire.
Then it's first kill ends up taking the
one v one.
So,
oh by Oh, oh, oh, oh, look at the
smiles. Creep's like, "Oh, god." I know.
Well, guys, I messed that one up Royal
and now he can't step out, right? He's
out on HP.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Some some hits back.
Let's go.
I like this one v one more than like
Corki and stuff. Take this. It's a
little bit more interactive.
It's all about those flights.
Press the attack. Mhm.
Like I said, uh if you can get those PPA
stacks going, just those first three,
one, the burst obviously
higher. Uh but also if it's a full combo
situation, you actually catch someone in
the uh chains of
corruption, it just damps that damage
even more.
Ferris for those who know already deals
a ridiculous amount of damage just
procs. Yeah, the Shai is just winning.
There's not much to say besides
that. Unfortunately, Cream on the back
foot here for
sure. A little bit of prelude. Maybe the
Shai wants to go bears top lane today.
Actually, we really see what they want
to go with. Uh cuz I think pryo and
pressure in top lane is really important
right now.
uh especially with those new iterations
on the map as healing coming through.
But you do get the uh you get the heal
cut from the hail of blades or a hail of
arrows rather. He's going to take a WQ
right to the face. He's going to have to
reset. You can reset though, so he
should be fine. just giving a little bit
of a gold advantage to the
shot date. But yeah, Cream
uh did not have a first a good first
couple of wave that's for
sure. See what the shai bases for
because went back and bought a
vampce which for raw combat stats not
super high, right?
Sh goes back and picks up like a durk
pickaxe long sword or a vamp and a
pickaxe
himself deals more damage. He is just a
know. So
yeah, I I don't know. I feel like this
is going to come down to can land. This
is the big difference actually. Cream
has flash. The shai does not. So
theoretically, the shai should almost
always get hit by a chance of
corruption,
assuming.
Okay. Did he He thought it was the
ulti. He's so He's like gritting. So he
had to have thought it was the ulti. I'm
not going to lie, the Q does have that
kind of purple tinge to it. Like I'm
coping so hard right now, but at least
I'll give him that. In in his defense, I
have not actually seen much of a skin
that's blossom vary. Yeah. All right.
Okay. I can looks almost the exact same.
The particles do look pretty
s. All right. Well, there's the damage
back,
but is not going to get the
heal. Oh, so
Unfortunately, all this action. Yeah, I
think it's going to be fine. I don't
think we're gonna we'll get to have fun,
Jamaata. We're just here to talk about
video games that take forever to start.
It's fine. It actually has been pretty
fun, though. I I've really appreciated
some of the trades that we get. Even
though it hasn't really led to much, uh
it's been really fun to see the kind of
uh fluctuations of little mechanics that
come out in this one. It's a lot more
interactive than almost any other one v
one we've gotten a lot of the time.
That's true. Right. This is like a
battle of who can hit the most light
stats in a in a
trade.
Unfortunately, well, unfortunately, if
you're a top esports fan, I think that
answer is very unanimously been the shy
so far.
All right. So, what's your favorite new
addition to the rift? Is it the fact
that we've gone back down to to one spot
of grubs? Is it is it the new addicon? I
didn't mind I didn't mind the fact that
there are two grubs. I mean, from a solo
Q perspective, what actually jarred me
was
[Music]
the you know, solo Q players, solo Q
players,
right? Monkey breaks got to got to got
to contest everything. Got to fight
everything. That was like the annoying
thing about Grubs being on the map. So
now there there's only one. It's like,
hey, my team won't grief for uh for
grubs that don't matter. In game one of
the second series, we we got to fight
over blue buff instead of first grub.
So, you know, they had to find something
to fight over. Look, as as a certified
oldhead when it comes to League of
Legends now, that's what I'm all about,
man. Right. Like the like fighting over
blue buff. Yeah, give me that like level
level four, level five, just full-blown
4v4 blue buff. give give that to me.
That's that's what I live for. That's
what that's what I was raised on. Uh
because there weren't objectives that
weren't dragon or herald. And even then,
like I herald, the earliest Herald used
to spawn was
pretty late still. I think it was also 8
minutes, right? I think it was 8
minutes. Yeah, the two charge one. Yeah,
that's why it returns to a lot of the
timers of what it was before the big
conversation going around the new uh the
new changes.
actually answer your question. Mhm.
The change I'm most excited about is
Shen getting buffed again.
I wish I I I really wish that we get
this tonight cuz I've been really
excited to see a little bit more of
Shen. Both teams Yeah, both teams have
been really really playing with the
meta. Uh I think we see like eight,
nine, 10 champions chosen from like each
player. maybe a couple fluctuating here
and there, but it's still really fun to
see when two teams like this go at each
other. Obviously, with the kind
of history, I guess, of the Shinobi
wars, but also the recent history and
the fact that we did see IG take down
Top Esports. And uh now we'll be getting
closer and closer to seeing the series
kick off of the Ring of Fire to come
through. A little bit of a difference.
Care has 1,200 gold. Cream like he could
have backed now. It's too late. I think
he could have spent. He could have
gotten boots. Definitely. Yeah, it's way
too late. All right. Well, uh maybe he
outplays it, but uh he has played the
steel caps from the Shai, so
yeah, I mean, stats, the Shai should
just win. He's also upper level. It's a
lot of base
stats. Here we go. It's a fist fight.
There's literally no there's no chance.
Like biggest note for Creep, go spend
your money.
All right, that's it. We're going to be,
you know, we're going to be 1300 in
inventory.
We're going to be trekking it this
series. Does Cream make a play he
shouldn't have made because he had gold
in his inventory. Luckily, one v one
doesn't decide the series. Uh but, you
know, maybe it does. Blue side is super
important, especially against uh each
other in this one. And like I said,
being able to play with the meta, being
able to play around and and have a lot
of flexibility, you can grab those big
power picks just off the bat on blue
side and give yourself a leg up with a
lot of things that can slink through.
But as we get closer and closer to the
picks and bands for this one, we have to
look at focuses. While we talk about the
carry potential of mid lane, of bot lane
as well, I think jungle has to be a
priority in the draft itself, giving
these two guys an extreme focus on how
they can set up for the jungle. Kavi has
been leaning a lot more into his own
carry potential, into his own King Kavi
mantra, and Zedj has been trying to
facilitate a lot with this team and try
to find the in-betweens that really make
them stick. Yeah, I mean it's it's been
very interesting to to for for me
specifically uh to see where GJ's been
going, right? Uh or rather where Konav's
been going because it felt like for so
long Kavi uh on the JDG lineup
was jailed, I think is the appropriate
word uh to the tank and and the utility
duties very very frequently. We might
have gotten like the occasional lease in
game or something like that, right? uh
maybe a Zin here and there uh throughout
his time on that lineup, but here, you
know, a lot more freedom on this top
esports uh lineup to kind of just whip
out the carries, right? Uh your Lilia,
we spoke about the the Zen already. So,
yeah, I it's as mentioned earlier with
this this matchup, dart board, man,
anywhere you throw the dart, it's going
to land on something interesting. Uh JJ
on the other side, you know, even
despite some of the more uh recent
before this roster, unfortunate kind of
circumstances surrounding the rosters
he's been on, has always been a very
consistent, very very consistent player.
Uh and has so far been delivering and,
you know, fulfilling that role of
ensuring that his lanes usually end up
in a in a good state just by nature of
him existing near them and and
definitely making some personal
sacrifices to make that happen. Yeah, I
think Zenzou's going to take a big
priority tonight. I think Pantheon as
well going to take a big pryo. See who
wants to get that one first. Nefiri
probably banned away on either side of
things just in case uh those car
performances could have tried to come
through. Uh we're waiting on the picks
and bands to start up because we're just
never going to start this series. I
think I saw Jackie Love had gotten up uh
I believe probably go to the restroom or
something along those lines. So
hopefully we get draft picking up here
rather shortly. We talked a little bit
about that jungle focus for draft
itself, but do you see any other big
pryos in the kind of first three in the
pryo for either side? Jason, Gwen, uh,
obviously, you know, on this patch, Gwen
got hit a little bit, but Gwen is still
so strong
that yeah, chances are it's it's not
going to matter too much. And a lot of
the uh the nerf was kind of not pseudo,
it was kind of frontended more towards
the jungle from the passive. There's the
the little bit of Q damage that came off
as well. I can't recall the exact
numbers. Um but I think the math ended
up mathing too. Gwen still does Gwen
things. So the math is mathing, man. The
math is mathing. Yeah. Um so that Jace
was untouched. Uh that's the main one.
Rumble as well, right? Uh both these top
laners been having great performances
there. The Ahri in the mid lane, uh
something I expect will be pretty hotly
contested between these two uh mid
laners. Both Crisp uh and Rookie have
had pretty good performances on that one
lately. Otherwise, I think kind of as
you would expect, right? Uh from pre
patches previously gone by, this new
patch hasn't fundamentally shifted
pillars as far as the draft is
concerned, which speaking of, thank God
to finally draft. Holy cow. We made it
people. We made it to the final series.
Now we just have to make it to the picss
and things crossing our fingers. Is the
yod
ban if this if this dro graphic
collapses. It's fine. It's fine. Don't
worry about it. Not going to happen.
Perfect stuff. Nico is also banned at
least from top esports to take it away.
So the engage potential there as also uh
the VI banned towards them. We'll see
what the final bans are going to be.
Jace is there. Gwen still available. Is
top esports going to leave it open?
Gwen, Rumble, Varys, Kalista, loads of
champions still uh up and available. All
Top Esports kind of move away here and
just say pick your poison
of that's the big question. Which of the
four? I mean, I feel like out Oh,
they're going to leave it all up. Okay,
so they go towards the Gallo instead.
I wonder if that's going to be like a an
early pryo
for something for Cream. You spoke about
the Nefari, you know, I was listening in
to I can't remember who it was over in
EMA, but they were saying that they felt
like because of the uh the very very
light nerf to be fair to Nefuri that it
had kind of fallen out of pryo on this
patch, but to me the numbers aren't that
significant, right? Uh it was only a 10%
ratio off of the E um and then a W cool
down. So it it's not really a a major
major hit to Nefari jungle as uh well
spoke about Rumble and Varys. They are
going to be locked in for Top Esports.
So very very strong early rotation, but
that does leave the Gwent up. Gwen will
uh certainly be a very powerful pick as
we know. Uh but the Rumble is something
that was kind of said as to be an answer
into the Gwen. One of the few things
that could go very toe-to-toe with it if
it's going to get locked in. Uh but hey,
there's nothing wrong with going Tia.
Gwen here looking for set up out of Mako
and maybe even Gala in the bot lane uh
if IG want. So there is uh that Ty and
this does put a little bit of pressure
on top of esports to uh you know kind of
pick between securing Kavi's uh jungle
or maybe mid lane here
for IG decide to go for this third pick.
Again, the Quen was hovered. I would
anticipate that it gets locked in, but
then of course you do risk your AD pool
getting pinched in, right? Losing
something like a misfortune again, the
Kalista, which is still up and available
as an answer into the Varys. So IG do
throw out that Jin pick instead. Uh
going for a little bit more setup. We
said, hey, like if you're going to run
something like Tia and the Fury, you're
going to need to set up in the bot lane.
Uh they find it through Jin at the very
least for the time being. They do
indeed. The utility coming through give
a little bit of carry potential to J.
And now the Zenzou going to come through
for Kenavi. Again, we're going premier
comfort, but both guys here as well. I
know that Nefiri played less, but Deier
looks good on it anyways. And a little
bit more carry onus given to him. I like
that. Uh we get the lock into the Varys.
It's not going to be Korean this time.
He's like, I know a guy who can
absolutely play this in Jackie Love. But
in the second phase, we get the Orange
ban over against uh IG. And we'll see
what IG want to focus in their second
phase bands, too. Yeah, the uh last time
that JJ locked in this Nefairy, he went
82 and 14. So, it wasn't a bad
game out of him. There's the orn ban
away from the shai. I would anticipate
that they're either looking at a Leona
ban or oh, I was actually going to say
uh the Gwenban, but they're actually
just removing away the two nullifying
picks. They want IG
uh or they want the Shai on a carry
seemingly, right? They they do not want
him playing those front line tanks. And
I mean to be fair right now, the one
thing that IGG's composition is lacking
is a front liner. So, uh it does make
perfect sense for top E4s to attack this
as I wonder if Silus is just going to
end up being the next band. I mean,
there's not a lot of big alts here, but
out of Cream's champion pool, right?
Maybe the Akali Poppy. Okay, sure. So,
it's going to be the Poppy. See, maybe
taking away some of those avenues and uh
the knock back at least. But uh you
think I think I think maybe Mako is
eyeing up Rakan. I mean the thing is
that there's other good supports in the
pool anyway. Like the support ball has
practically been left untouched.
Uh Alistar
I mean I guess counterpick mid lane even
though it's not really counterpick since
you already know what that is to leave.
Yeah, this is definitely a strange
strange pick here from Top Esports just
because you can blind mid and then get a
positive oh sorry react to the the Tia
pick and then of course get a a
guaranteed good support matchup which in
fairness IG might just give them one to
one. Obviously outside of lane it
doesn't matter but inside of lane is
definitely one that people would
consider Alistister favored. And I mean,
my problem is that rail was hovered for
so long that it makes you wonder if they
were just talking about it and then they
swapped over and go, "Well, guys, we
know we want Gwen. Do we still want want
the rail?" But we spoke about the Rakan
because of the Poppy ban. I think that
still makes the most sense. And uh one
of the kind of best things about the
Rakan in this spot now that the Allistar
has been blinded is Alistar doesn't
really have the strongest. No, he's
going to go back over to the I I just
think it's so crazy that Gwen made it
through all the way to four.
focused on either side. I mean, both
guys have played it and have found
success on it. The champion did get a
little nerf, but it's it's still been a
dominant force, and now you're going to
have to find a way to deal with that in
the side lane here. Maybe the answer
comes through. This has been a little
bit of an answer in the rise into the
Gwyn. Now, I don't know if we're going
to necessarily get that in the 1v one
match up where I have seen it before,
but at least the scaling aspect, you
will have somebody to answer the side
lane now. Yeah, I mean, I was kind of
wondering if it was going to end up
being Cream's Aali because I feel like
Akali also weirdly can go very very
happily toe-to-toe with that Gwen in the
side lane just cuz the 1 v one and uh
the amount of burst that is on offer.
But in the early game, Riseze uh does of
course offer up a lot of side lane
presence and pressure much like Tia
does. you can clear the waves equally as
fast if you want to expend the manabar
to do so. And of course the skirmishing
power paired up with that Zenzou going,
you know, headto-head on the opposite
side against what this top esports
lineup is running or rather the IG
composition is running. You're going to
feel very very confident uh in running
head first into that nefari to. So,
let's see how this one plans uh actually
pans out as both these teams a lot of
set up, a lot of CC, but most
importantly, a lot of burst damage
coming out uh from both both sides. Uh
this should be a pretty bloody game.
Yeah, a lot of mobility out of mid lane.
That's what I wanted to see. again
rookiebodied cream the last time these
two teams met in game three and it was
the only loss that this top esports team
who's been so dominant this team that's
been on a six win streak coming into
this one in a dominating performance
last time they hit the rift see if they
can write some of those wrong see if
they can bring back some of those
memories for IG side of things and get
this loss streak turned around for them
that has fallen to a three losses in a
row moment that IG need to pull
themselves back from going into the
second round. Robin, this is the time to
really start to pick it up and get ready
and try to get into that top four place
in playoffs. And as we hit our new
Spirit Blossom Rift, it's the Shinobi
Wars iteration yet again here in 2025. A
legendary matchup between Top Esports
and Invictus Gaming.
Rift transforms,
but some things do very much stay the
same.
Such as this force. I hate it. I hate it
here. I'm going to cr I'm going to crash
out, bro. I'm going to crash out. I'm
You can't make that up. I'm going to
smash this Red Bull can against my
forehead right now. I can't I can't do
it. I can't. It's 6 o'lock in the
morning. It's been 6 hours since we
started. We haven't even started the
third series yet. Like, that's actually
wild. I know it's not 6:00 in the
morning for everybody, but it is for me.
Um, but hopefully unfortunately the
spirit of Fnatic is investing itself in
uh in this series. To be fair, Fanatic
and both these organizations
internationally have very storied
histories
uh in fairness. But um yeah, they they
actually also played later today. That
could be what's causing this actually
now that I think about it right there.
There's a disturbance in the force.
There's a grand disturbance in the
League of Legends ecosystem. I didn't
You're not a big Star Wars fan, are you?
No. Well, yeah, I I am, but I'm not like
I'm not like outwardly celebrating
everything going on with with Star Wars
like 247. I just I enjoy Star Wars for
what it is. Uh, have you watched the
Well, we're not gonna talk about it. I
don't want to talk about it. You don't
want to. Is Is it the new Andor? The new
Andory. Yeah. Yeah. I I'm not going to
lie. I haven't even watched the first
season. I heard the first season. That's
on you. That's It is on me. No, it's
it's been out. It's been out for a
while. I've heard it's good. And in all
fairness, you know, you asked me
earlier, what am I doing in my spare
time? It's been so long since I've been
on the show. Uh I said I'm just
consuming loads of media. Uh shows shows
is one of them. I'll put an
Yeah, Chris is getting pretty frustrated
with the pauses, too. Um obviously when
we know what the issue
is, we'll let you guys know. But until
then, uh you are unfortunately stuck
with our ugly mugs in the bottom right
hand of your corner. It's been almost an
hour, man. It has been almost an hour.
It's fun. Hey. Hey. We're the
unofficial, so I can crash out over this
all I want. All right. This is a fun
time. I'm allowed to do this.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm allowed. Uh, thank you.
Appreciate you. Appreciate you. Uh,
yeah. I mean, pause. Here we go.
I haven't missed
this. Now, to be fair, we haven't had
this. What are you doing to my LPL,
Jamada? My bad. You know, just uh I come
over here,
get involved in the broadcast, then the
problems start. I wonder what the issue
is. You know, it's just it's always the
same, is it? Uh yeah, we'll have you
have you messed around with the Spirit
Blossom event at all?
They didn't bring back the like dating
sim this time, did they?
I haven't actually gotten to mess
around. I've been very busy this time.
The dating The dating sim was very
They put so many
resources. We have a game.
Let's go. They did resources into that
into that. You're right. They did. Uh
Shinobi Wars kicking off yet again. Top
Esports versus IG.
Hopefully get some Gio. But there we go.
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
Hey, hey, hold on a second. Let's go.
That guy haircut though. Hold on a
second. He did another IG one after the
little esports one. That's my goat right
there. Let's make it a battle of chance.
No, I'd love to see it. Obviously, two
very well-known organizations. Uh recent
domestic dominance for Top Esports.
Split number one was all theirs.
Obviously, first stand a bit of a
disappointment for them, but when they
came back to the LPL, they have been
nothing but clean. Even if they have
gone three games, they always find a way
to clutch it out, except against IG when
they started off in week number two,
falling as the only loss for Top Esports
in an IG team that hasn't necessarily
lived up to the high expectations set
for themselves at the beginning of the
year, but still trying to fight it out
here in the second round. Robin of the
LPL Split 2. Yeah, I mean, exactly. It's
it's self-imposed, right? Sometimes you
have rosters like this put together and
they don't really tell you to expect
anything. It's just, you know, the fans
get really hyped about the roster. These
guys said, you know, we we want to
restore the LPL to to international, you
know, fame. Uh they want to win a title.
So they've got a lot of work to do
between then and now sitting at five and
six, but they have best in front of them
once they
split. Again,
it's a very different beast of a top
esports this time around grown uh and
found a lot of togetherness over this
time that we've seen. It has
been now a question of is that going to
be enough to get over some of the demons
maybe and is IG going to be able to pull
this one out again themselves not
necessarily sitting in the best position
ever have being uh lost two times in a
row away by the way uh but then also
falling
in very tragic faction again not finding
a single kill in the first game of that
series felt really bad but let's go
ahead and check in as I do believe if I
can get confirmation from Kai that
should be games in the LPL definely
games uh which uh 600 games stacked for
369 a guy that's been ever present in
the top lane you talked about that
evolution of the guy's play
style changes
hey that I think that guy knows how to
play vary uh
yeah so Uh Greek when you auto attack
kidding. Uh 369 could be in trouble
here. Exhausted.
Okay, they get 369. The darken dagger
gets the kill. First blood for IG. Yeah,
I mean the exhaust is just such a potent
gang to even with the flash. N just
doesn't have movement speed to get away.
Not much to talk about there. JJ just
expends his flash in return. Now, Konavi
does take away the second respawn
raptors, but it's a small consolation
prize
realistically in comparison. Jackie is
going to get his recall stop
there. But yeah, I mean IG good play.
Not much else to say. Set off to a a
decent run of things as well. Did
actually use his teleport to get back to
lane. So, there's not going to be a
teleport advantage gained.
There's no early swap either at the
minute uh between the bottom lane and
top lane for the time being. Though of
course, maybe 2 minutes time, 7 minutes.
Keep your eyes peeled, ladies and
gentlemen. Maybe a swap happens for
those grubs. But dragons up to be up
first. We'll see if our teams look to
try and get an early pick up on that
one. First grub spawning at 8 minutes
now in the new Rift.
see what kind of adaptation we get. We
got in that second series a lot of
latent dragons, you know, spawning and
just sitting there for a little while
and being taken around the 8 nm minute
mark as well. Some trades for those
grubs to see if these teams want to
continue that trend. Again, a very new
patch for all of our teams as it was
just dropped on the table today for the
competitive side of things. Obviously,
do want to check in though. It's going
to be the boots of Swift is completed
first, but Galas going to keep a little
bit of movement speed down there and
maybe a little bit of safety. So Mako
and Cris now looking out onto the map to
try to get something going. It's just
going to be a return to clearing for
both junglers as Kavi visits top side
for a potential lane gank here. This is
pretty spicy. The Shai is level six
though.
I mean the wave is pushing in. Bone
plating is also just a nice little
bonus. But this this is going to be
difficult to pull off. You have to
invest a lot of time here. And if you
look at the mini map is doing dragon
so it out. I mean
short to go decides to go for it trying
to get the three talon strike but the
slow down is too much from the needle
work and dodging out of the wind becomes
lighting. The shot is feeling himself
man sidest stepping everything there and
the cannon manual fall. This just felt
really halfhearted from top esports here
to her with you. Ni had the flash that
with W spent a lot of time two wave
worth of time almost trying out the
ultimate didn't drop
it. Just an odd odd odd odd odd odd gank
and there's not really anything to say
other than IG win out on this
pretty pretty firmly. Uh Chai is going
to return back to stop his wave from
being frozen on but
because of the way that the earlier
gamage kind of fell on its face. He's
still pretty even in XP any and he's
only down what, four, five minions. So
yeah, maybe not the worst thing in the
world. IG probably very happy laughing
off to the bank with that. And maybe
this is the adaptation now. We send our
mid laners
bot and our and and our bot laners mid.
Man, I've seen seen this one before.
Crazy.
We are getting closer and closer to that
spawn of grubs. Uh see the importance
here with these lane adaptations. We are
going to be level sixes. So we'll have
every tool available to either side. I
think Jackie Love a little bit off. Will
hit that one now. Crisp and Mako maybe
lagging a little bit behind as it spawns
as well. Those are two crucial
ultimates, but a lot of the fighting
strength for either side is focused
around this jungle and the solo lanes of
either side.
And it
is like the
rumble when sports have numbers in the
river first for the time being. There's
no wave in the mid lane to jostle over.
This is a one problem that IG might have
if they're ever second to an
objective. And I mean it's actually a
problem that both these teams may have
is there is no there's no real hard
engage, right? There's no Leona or
Mortless to start things off in earnest.
First go down.
Oh, full in on the top side. 369 getting
low. He has to go off of his equalizer.
That's going to be the needle work.
Already used the equalizer also as well
as the exhaust. Double TPS now coming in
from both mid laners. Grubs will go one
to one. The engage going through. Mako
immediately flashing out. Now Kenabi
coming through the fight. Big weaver's
wall. Double knock up into the seismic
but the combo's there. Realm gets them
out of safety and Crane comes in big to
get them to safety. But now Jackie Love
ends up paying the ultimate price in the
fight as he goes down. Now IG up to zero
and we'll move back over to take the
last grub. Yeah, they'll get that last
grub. I think an important change to
note about these grubs, too. You'll see
it highlighted in the HUD. you get two
out of the three does count towards an
objective going for those feats of
strength and actually now feats of
strength something I'd like to talk
about just for a brief moment changes to
those boots a lot of stat line changes
but also they're just cheaper so feet
are significantly more important they
don't take you away from your core as
much as replay now on the initial grub
fight that's how Jackie love burned that
chain of
corruption for a bit on Gala once he
does get he doesn't have it here for
this chase down right or the commit from
GJ and
Rookie which does in fact mean they have
to just turn and run. Unfortunately,
Jackie doesn't flash well basically
anything can
uh and ends up dying after exchanging
the flash. Anyway, Top Esports got lucky
there. I'm just going to say if Rookie
actually hits a seismic shove, they're
both that's three kills. Absolutely. Uh
but getting out with a little bit there
as Top Esports using a lot of pressure
on top side to push out the Shai try to
take some of these plates down. We are
getting first items coming through.
Spear Shogun first item for Zier coming
in as we're going to potentially roam
surrounding going to flash the play.
Headbutt onto Mako Mako crash down to
get out of the fight. He tops finally
get a kill. They do get an answer has to
back off now by himself in a 1v3. has
some back up from Dead around the corner
now. With comes Lightning Kabi, he wants
him. He took the tower shot. No. And
Dead, he's going to go for missing the
darkened dagger. And now he's in
trouble. Jackie Love looking to take him
down. Piercing air to the heart. Konavi
comes back, puts the crown on his head,
and skewers the dog.
Konavi, I was familiar with your game,
but I didn't know it was like that. You
know, playing on a knife's edge right
there.
They get their reward onto JJ. But man,
oh man, was it close. He's going to base
for his first item as well. That's a
massive swing of of gold and an influx
of gold onto a couple of very important
members. 369 gets a little bit of gold.
Na'Vi as well. just being used as a a
temporary bridge, right? To to get Cream
and Jacul to some of their very
important item break points will be very
very valuable esports and especially at
this next
objective which is in 15 seconds
time which I'm sure they'll very happily
fight over as uh they will have their
ultimates first. Mako is actually still
a little ways away from level six and
even if he if he shares this minion wave
I think he's no he'll get it cuz he's so
far behind XP minions are giving him so
much so he'll hit six on this wave you
can see Gala playing with fire
there far up four shot but it will be
top esports that start this dragon
off got the first one but again the
setup's here for top esports walking in
no Leona no lus and so much peel Beast
so difficult. They're just going to turn
around.
Maybe top looking for a fight. Gets the
unargetable out of D as getting that
dragon will set them up for success as
time goes on. Giving them a little bit
of a bargaining tool as the Shai and use
his full needle work onto 369. He will
have equalizer coming up soon. Does
still have flash. Still play pretty
safely. Equalizer comes down to try to
clear the wave. Missed a little bit of
it, but still will be just fine with
that one. And uh that's going to be the
archangels completed for Rookie. So be
stacking that one up waiting for the
evolution. That it
is see how Rookie
goes. That check on
Gala. But had aly quiet game so far.
He's been involved. He just
hasn't to put anything together. Though
he did help get that kill onto Jaculov
from the back of those grubs.
He's a speed demon now. He is a speed
demon. We we actually spoke of course uh
in the long hourong buildup pre-show
brought to you by Mazelle and Jamana uh
about how these two are going to be you
know the big heavy hitters or IG top
respectively.
They've been put on uh on utility duty
in our opening game of the
series carries everywhere else across
the board. Though the good thing is
uh you know just because of the nature
of
fearless they don't necessarily have to
be on utility duty for the rest of the
series. There are still a few utility
ads up right uh think about things like
Ash Civ
right but fingers crossed it means that
we see these guys on more hyper carries
through this
series Gala has most gold in the game
which is actually pretty impressive.
But it's just been farm city for these
ads as they did move mid pretty
preemptively. Now about 35 seconds for
the Rift Herald. You have seen that be
that next big timer now in the past
sometimes a little bit of a delay on
taking that one. Still about 3 minutes
for the next dragon and we're tied up in
there. So neither team really taking
advantage. I will say though uh one more
kill for IG and one more objective does
end up getting them those feats. A
little bit further away from that is Top
Esports Drew. Nice individual
kill. Very, very important. Very hotly
contested. And you know what? Herald's
just
spawn. I have an inkling where the next
death might
be. Could it be around the Rift Herald?
It might be. It might just
be. We have to
uh our eyes peeled. He is going to start
off this uh this Herald, but there are a
lot of members of Top E force around.
And the one good thing about the Alistar
though, I was kind of critical of it to
pick where it was. He does get to kind
of just walk in free when he's got old.
Find a lot of space and there's action
on the top side too. That's awkward for
IG. Sarah has just gotten involved by
Rookie. Rookie going for the weaver's
wall to cut across though. It will be
secured by JJ. They're going to try to
block him off of getting the eye. And DJ
going for the kill on a Jackie Love.
They get the play onto him. Need a worm
hits. Jackie Love going down. Reset City
for DJ. And now he goes back into the
pit. Has the backup by Rookie on the
other side of the fight. The Shai trying
to reset over onto them. Get them pushed
away. It's just Konabi. And Konami goes
down. I think he got the eye maybe, but
Konabi gets the play onto him. Now he's
going around the corner and he's just
going to get bursted down by Rookie as
he picks off the stragglers. IG end up
wiping three for one. Super worried
about Ricky there at the end whether or
not he had mana for a full rotation, but
he just about did. Let's hold on. Open
up one. It's not the FBI, but it might
be Gala. Nope, it's not Gala either.
Four on the
accuracy 25%. Let's hope he can knock up
that for the next couple of I hope we
get a replay of that. JJ is a beast.
Like he gets the kill, gets the reset,
gets back out of the wall, takes the the
Herald Eye. Yes, he dies to Konabi, but
Konabi also dies. So what does it really
matter? Yeah, I mean
definitely secure the eye on side. See
what's going on. But it's about this one
v one dash away from the jab of the wind
becomes lightning.
But then here you look at Rookie's mana
bar, you think, does he have enough for
a full rotation? But it's always a bit
misleading when it's a tier champion.
Mhm. Does manage to secure that one. But
I mean, if Kabi got any more autos off,
you have to remember the passive starts
to kick in.
The healing back has very easily been
turned
around, but they did get the herald IG.
That's the very very important thing.
Expect them to use it on this mid play
here. Oh wow.
They just really want to go. But look at
this flank. Crisp was on the flank of
the century on Allistar. Dragon is
started up by top esports. A collapse
coming through from IG.
Yeah. Crisp achieved with this. No one
on IG checks the side here. Maker does
his due
diligence. Crisp back around to support
the rest of his team from behind.
All right. Dead gets it. Gets the
dragon. Gets the second one for IG. Now
they're trying to take the fight as
well. They go for another reset. And Dia
reactivated now as well, but back on
Konami. Look at him go. Konami has no
saving grace. He's in the pit. He's
burned down in the infernal cinders as
the infernal rift takes hold. It's still
Top Essing to the nail down here. Cream
getting caught by the deadly flourish.
And now he's trying to get out himself.
does get the double rail morph out, but
Chris, he's going to have to find fancy
feet. Doesn't dodge away from that one.
Another shot coming through, but that's
a big rock to the face. The horns are
broken. And Top Eports are too. All
right, I have an important question.
Does God's accuracy stay higher or
lower? He didn't fire the fourth shot,
Miselle, if he hit one. Either way,
IG win out on that exchange. JJ wins the
smite crucially to get that second
dragon. And it feels like a fight that's
a split on two fronts again, right?
You've got this full frontal. It It's
the It's the Q the second Q plus the
smite and then he's on to Jackie Love
again. It feels like I'm just watching a
replay of the same fight from earlier
just a different position. And then the
Shai on the back line just gets so much
work done in terms of spaceport and time
for that. It's not cream or or 369
hitting any of these squishy carry
members of IG.
And there's no CC left in the tank is
able to get himself and his top laner
out. But then
Cris
unfortunately
wast. And now we come back into live. We
are on second items for majority of IG
now. They are still at a pretty hefty
gold advantage. That's where we can
start talking about what these later
game fights do end up looking like
without a spawning on top side. Who do
you favor?
And I
mean like the way that things have
unfolded
is scaling enough is scaling enough for
top esports? I mean the real question is
do you feel like they outscale IG right
like Varys? A lot of the waiting here
just comes on to right and the rise.
how much work you think he can get done.
And I whilst I think the composition
generally is is short range enough that
maybe he can.
I the way that JJ is playing right now
mechanically, the Shia is constantly
finding backline uh you know time versus
the squishy members here of Top Esports.
In the context of that, if the fights
keep playing out like that, absolutely
not. IG are just going to continue to
win out. But perhaps just maybe top
force can find something a little bit
magical a good combo right like a big
pole combo with the equalizer I think
369 must be had an okay laning phase
been largely
outshunned by uh by the sh fights good
equalizer onto Gala onto Ricky really
make their life
awkward trying to find a choke point as
Well, avenue there. So, pretty even
game. The biggest leads me and
Gala J a little bit more uh damage
oriented, but no slouches to
Jin. I will say Top Eport struggling to
find their next move here. Adacon will
not really be the focus for the
foreseeable future, but it is about a
minute and 20 seconds until another
dragon, which would put IG on soul point
of an infernal soul. And this
composition would love to have that
fiery damage at their back. Yeah, I mean
just the the small amounts of scent will
start to equal out to a fair bit
for this IG lineup because they all use
it very very very efficiently. It's only
really Oh, he flashes but he still gets
caught. Konav is going to back up his
brother in arms. Cresant guard coming
through. Mako getting low. 369 stepping
forward and Mako's down. TP coming in.
Double TP. Double time from IG. Then
they fight this one out. Gala, it's a
fight with the cleanup kill as well. The
Shai stepping it up, but Jackie Love
puts a little bit of an arrow in his
back. Top ports come out. They fight.
They tussle. It is a two for two and a
little bit of an even state. Yeah, the
important thing is both the junglers
died, so there's not going to be an
immediate stop on the dragon here. Cream
is going to secure the skull crab, which
is just going to provide them with a
little bit more vision. Oh, well,
okay. You know the W button like does
the same thing, right? But it's
pointing.
Well, he wanted to look cool. Okay.
Yeah, it's true. He did want to look
cool.
Either way, Rookie does make it back to
the middle lane. He's going to clear
this wave out. And I mean, if he's got
enough of Leandre, he might just
consider a base. But without, it's
actually very difficult for him to make
it back on time. So he has to stay stay
out on the map for the time being. Not
being at two IMs. That's a very big
deal. You look over at Cream, he's one
of the Archangels and the Royal stacked
up. So he's level
14. Very very happy about the state of
it for the time
being. We did just get second item there
completed for Rookie as well. He got the
Leandre. Have a little bit more there.
But IG now are front and center around
this dragon pit. bring over the Shai and
Rookie. So, it's very obvious where they
want to play towards Cream. He is
looking on the side here, but maybe he's
going to be caught. Shy Rookie coming
out here. Jackie Love going to give his
old teammates a nice little what for.
They're getting set up around the dragon
fight. Could be a pivotal fight for Top
Esports, but they can't afford to kind
of throw away these moments.
going to give up.
Well, you got five minutes then. They're
giving themselves five minutes of
breathing room. Maybe a second
item. Probably not a third for
Cream. Uh but he did just get that
second item complete for
Jaculu. Unless he wants to finish out
the
uh even
then. It's not the strongest that I have
ever, but you know stat gold spent is
the worst 90
years. Have to wait very patiently to
find
out dragon over. It's a very big deal. I
think that that lets you know where top
esports feel like they're at in this
game. My my big concern does still
remain that if Gala is able to make it
third item before then I mean hell JJ is
so accelerated in
this that by looks going towards death
he makes it for that I I just don't see
how he dies without major major
mispositioning beast sports only
potential saving grace is that if they
ever end up
with assigned into the the lane that the
shai's that maybe he could win the 1 v
one uh on the side lane just by virtue
of he shouldn't be able to be run down
but that's not really uh very assuring
oh flash play for dude has some fancy
feet with his realm wars although he
will have to burn his real and his flash
for that he did not die so that's at
least something Jonata it is indeed the
question you would love to have asked is
can they start off earnestly
And they are doing that, but they don't
burn quickly. I I'm not super sold for
it.
JJ's won a lot of smites. JJ has won a
lot of smites this game. He has. All
right. Well, Dead's already there. The
Thornbound Adak in their eyes. You have
to remember once you start getting
killed with it, that's the
big gets it again. Just niffing Kenabi
across these objectives. The Shai is a
little bit caught. Equalizer backed.
Equalizer is not doing too much of
blocking off the exit. The 369 in
trouble now as Rookie takes him. The
infernal cinders coming through finally
IGC. Crisp on the back end of the fight.
He's trying to get himself out but will
go down. The deadly flares won't hit but
they open up. Curtain call going to hit
Cream. Hits one. Can't hit the rest of
them. And Jackie Love and Cream will
back away though. The Jed Dan wants to
follow up on a Cream. Realizes he has a
lot of damage. Will back away. But the
Adacon is there. They take top lane
outer turret and now they're pinging
onto the baron and they're going to
start it up. I mean, why not, right? Why
the hell not? Still there for another 5
seconds. 369 won't have ultimate even if
he was to make it here in time with
another frankly just routing top esports
at every given opportunity. And Jedj has
not lost a 50/50 all game. At what point
do you even still get to call it
energy if J is involved at this rate?
But you understand the call like the
mentality from top esports here is
sound, right? Like the the play that
happened on the bot side. It makes
sense. But Kabi just he smites a touch
too early.
It goes over to Jedj. It died from top
3k. So they smited pretty much on the
same frame. It's just insane how many
times Crisp connects on the DJ, but it
like somehow magically dead just extends
his smite to where he can still get it
or has that extra damage. And I'm just
going to call it right now. We're
getting similar feelings from that first
meeting between these two teams in group
ascend. Gala had Jackie Love's number
all series long. He's sitting at 305.
Rookie bodied cream in that last game to
send it all the way to IG and DJ now
finding the difference making as this
objective control comes to a head for
IG. They're looking damn good and Top
Esports maybe just found their
kryptonite as two times you can't just
shake your head at that if IG end up
taking this series. And this is what
it's starting to feel like is IG just
got these for kryptonite at this rate
right you know top of felt very rarely
fallible this split but right now they
are falling
rookie going into hits the seismic shove
combo that time around and dead now
looking to chase down he has unleashed
the hound here and he's looking for the
pursuit as he finds him but the turret's
just taking Konami to task the dogs not
going to be enough the bird not going to
be enough but he wants him he wants to
chase him down. Goes unargetable. Darken
daggers to the face. Konami falls to the
might of dead. And the power of Invictus
Gaming game number one will holistically
go their way. And Top Esports are on the
back foot now against their kryptonite
of
IG. In hindsight, it didn't even feel
close, did it? Nope. I think IG won
every single skirmish. At worst, it was
one to ones, right? You know, two for
twos, three for
threes. Excellent game from IG. And this
is the thing that we we speak about with
this team. They're just they're weird.
They're just weird. You don't think
they're going to win so many of these
engagements, but it's it's always that
one member, right? Uh this game, a lot
of the time it was JJ around the
objectives. A lot of credit can also go
to the Shai for the amount of backline
access that he found, but being critical
of Top Esports, you know, the draft,
yeah, the draft was a little bit I I
don't think like look, I I think the the
problem that I have with the draft is is
more about the fact that they didn't
have easy to use engage, right? And I
think that's that's it's fine. They gave
over Gwyn and Nefari, but but the
Exactly. And and that's my my big
concern is like, hey, you had the
opportunity to ban away the Gwen. You
saw just off the hover, and I don't like
to talk about hovers often, but I think
sometimes you can read into them. If
something gets hovered for that long and
then lastish second it gets hot swapped,
the chances are they were talking about
locking that champion in and you know,
the Shai plays it. And I I understand,
you know, they've got Rumble, they're
going, "Hey, let's put him on Gwen so
that the Rumble has a good time." And
it's like, well, Rumble didn't really
achieve anything and you still gave the
Shywen instead of having him on a front
liner, which you could have killed
reasonably in this game. So, yeah, it
does feel really, really strange the
fact that they also went support on four
to not get a guaranteed counter on five
when they could have probably just
realistically answered the TA with any
of other of significantly flashier
champs, right? Whether it was Silus,
whether it was the Akali. Hell, he
hovered the Akali for a long time in
that draft, too. Uh, so potentially, was
it being considered? I suppose you'd
have to ask, but had to have been on the
radar. There's the PGB for you. And
there was a brief moment in time. Yeah,
a brief brief moment in time where Top
Esports were ahead, but otherwise IG won
every single exchange from the Herald
onwards. Did with some incredible smite
steals. Honestly, some of those I we got
to get the finger pointer out because
I'm like that the one around drag. He
literally got punted completely away but
in air somehow gets the kill on dragon.
Like the guy was feeling it against
Kenavi and rightfully so. he maybe just
found the way to break down Top Esports
because we talked about the the setups
that IG had last time around in the
carry through rookie and Gala, but
really the idea just had Konabi's number
this time and it was on the Nefari. We
won't get these picks again. The Zenzou
not going to be available yet again. And
I will give the the benefit of the doubt
to Top Esports. They have gone the
distance in a ton of their series,
especially in this win streak that
they're on right now. Six wins in a row.
Uh, so I do expect them to kind of dust
themselves off and get back into it here
as they probably go to blue side. Yeah,
I mean my my big concern though is even
if they are to you bring this game to
series rather to three games, they're
going to have to win on red side because
the likelihood is let's just say you
know hypothetical they beat IG next
game. IG aren't going to pick red. It's
just not going to happen. So, uh let's
see how they crack on because yeah, Top
Esports definitely looked uh again very
very fallible and and that is the weird
thing about this uh this Top Esports uh
roster and how they've been playing this
split. They've crossed the line, yes,
and they've had some very very
impressive looking wins as well at that
throughout this, you know, fivegame win
streak, 9-1 score, but so many of these
series going to three games. So many of
these games when you really, you know,
give it the proper eye test haven't
looked the cleanest and I think IG
really just exposing some of the cracks
in the armor that are present with Top
Esports at times that other teams don't
very consistently exploit. And I'll just
say this isn't like Top Eport tried
anything crazy or tried anything
different. This is literally like all
their bread and butter, like their best
their most played champions, a lot of
their best strategies. And uh having
been tested like that as well, maybe try
to wake up and give IG a little bit more
respect. They maybe came in uh obviously
some big changes for the timings and
everything around the map itself. But
mechanically wise, it felt like IG were
definitely team fighting a lot better.
There's not much else to say than that.
I think that I didn't see MVP in that
fight. Ah, JJ, man. Like, it's not even
a discussion. It's like, look at this,
bro. Yeah, he just he just ded Kavi at
every important, you know, point in this
game when it came to those smites,
right? Um,
no one else had a higher level of
impact. You imagine those dragons go
over to IG, there's less pressure on uh
Top Oh, sorry, those dragons go over to
Top Esports. There's a lot less pressure
on them to to make things happen. Uh,
you know, the Aakhan is is also a thing
where it's like, hey, you know, they get
that that objective, winning a fight
gets way more snowbally, right? And in
this case, because they already had the
Nash off the back of that fight, they
just end the game off of this one fight
uh with those waves chopped in. So just
chases them, man.
He's just going off into the sunset. Uh
you love to see it. But a uh a dominant
one from IG to kick off this series. And
it's so crazy how things pan out.
Obviously, still a lot of series left to
play between these two teams, but the
Shinobi Wars do deliver in IG versus Top
Esports. And uh we'll be waiting for the
MVP here. But it feels like forever ago
that that win came through for IG over
Top Esports. Again, the only loss Top
Esports has had so far in split 2 in
Group Ascend at least. And uh it now
just feels like yesterday, maybe. Like
it just feels like IG have awakened the
beast within themselves to take top
esports to task. And it will be dead
that gets the MVP.
Who's surprised? Not me. Uh, and I don't
think you guys should be either.
Fantastic. Seven MVPs. Seven MVPs.
Where? I wonder where he is in the MVP.
Big Bad Dog. Have to have to take a
gander at the uh sheets in between this
game and the next. But yeah, Big Bad
Dog. Nef the Fury. Not seeing I mean it
it feels like it didn't really get a lot
of pry over in Europe. Uh but like over
in the in the eastern regions in in the
LPL here and in the LCK uh so much
priority and people are saying again in
the west this champion probably isn't
that good on this new patch. Uh
true. Yeah. Whatever you say, buddy. Not
bad. That's it for game number one of
our third series of the day. It might
have taken a long time, but IG will be
happy with the results. We'll see if Top
Esports can bounce back after a short
little break. We'll see you there.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Welcome back everyone to LPL English,
your unofficial home for everything LPL.
I'm Miselle. I'm joined by Jamada. And
uh game number one going the way of IG
in the Shinobi War matchup here in our
final best of three of this Super League
of Legends day in the LPL. What a way to
do it and what a way to be. Uh any
thoughts real quick before we get into
the next segment uh off that first game?
Draft needs to be better from Top
Esports. They'll be more consistent.
Just something that makes a little more
logical sense. Uh, not that the whole
draft was everything, but it was
certainly a large factor as to why I
feel like they didn't have a lot of
agency there. Well, hey, we'll see what
that draft has in store. But, I don't
know if you've been around, you haven't,
maybe you uh have you heard of Moa
Trainer. Uh, this game that we've been
playing around this uh was a little bit
of fun. I know you did it actually on
like the first day. So, obviously you
have a new app that teaches you League
of Legends with a series of puzzles.
Just boot up the program, work through
the puzzles every day to improve your
game knowledge. You select the puzzle
from the map, answer the questions,
unlock more features. So, let's go ahead
and do one right now as we're using lane
priority. We uh just did this one last
series. And now, the strong side top
experience as an extreme level top laner
in
Koala. What do you think? Go. already OP
map state. Take a look where we're going
to begin getting. What should Riy do is
going to be the first question. We got
to get through these pretty quickly as
uh should we wait for the wave or engage
Mr. Jamaata? Definitely engage. You've
got a minion there on the top left which
you can maybe Q2 and kill. Getting kind
of low and you've got Nless walking. So
engage. You can go. You can go. You can
also wait because V behind you too.
Either answer maybe had worked. We got
the good choice. So, now we're going to
move forward into the next setup as we
get the gank coming in from the
Nautilus. Uh, let's see what the next
answer is going to be. Is just a lovely
kill. All right. Hey, you get you get
unpunished and get a bunch of resources.
I'm guessing it's going to come after
this next segment. Uh, see what you have
to do as is it going to be taking plates
or recalling. What do you think? You
just came from base. Take those plates.
You've got you've got champions on your
side. Take those plates. Even if the
jungler shows up, man, you've got all
and you should have first team. Good
choice. Good choice. See, we're
learning. We're learning how to be a top
laner as uh we're going to take a look
at this next one. This will be the last
question we get to answer before we get
going back. Do you recall, take more
plates or take next wave? What do you
think? Oo, I mean, looking at
the 800 gold, you don't have enough for
a complete item. Personally, I would
greet and just go for the next wave. I
still have people on my side of the map.
I don't have flash. It's a bit risky,
but Jay shouldn't be here to interrupt.
And even if he is, I can Good choice.
You can deny Jay's from getting the
minions. Good stuff. Uh, if you enjoyed
that, make sure you go subscribe for 20%
off with our LPL 20 code off and uh
unlimited prizes as puzzles rather, not
prizes. Uh, proceeds will benefit the
Mobile Trainer designers as well as the
LPL English unofficial broadcast. So,
start leveling up your game today with
Moba Trainer. It's been a lot of fun. uh
to go through these. It gives us a
little bit of a break, gives us a little
bit of fun. And now we got to go away
from the fun and talk about seriousness
because Top Esports now on the verge of
falling to IG now two times in a single
season. Their only loss came to IG in
that week two setup between the two
teams. And now in the second round,
Robin, IG come out with a banger of a
first game to go up one
zero. Draft is going to be very
important.
You don't say I need. It's almost like
you said that earlier. I need I know.
But I have to reiterate the point. I
also feel like a little bit more
gameplaywise.
I want more agency out of urgency out of
Esports in their gameplay and how they
actually look to attack lanes. Feel like
they were very quiet in the early
stages. Uh which I kind of get given
where their lanes were at. But Zenzou
Rumble, they they made the one play
attempt onto the Shai and it was very
lackluster, very half-hearted. Um, and
they lost the dragon off the back of
that. So, yeah, it was just very, very
weird. True. Well, hopefully we'll be
getting into picks and bands here soon.
Uh, and I I think it's important to give
a lot of the factor of like why this is
important for Top Esports and for IG. IG
sitting in that middle of the pack
section for uh the Ascend Group. Top
four make it into playoffs without
having to go to the playin of the
playoffs. uh which Top Esports already
heads in above every other team besides
AL in the league and uh trying to keep
that streak going. A seven win streak
would be something to speak of for Top
Esports. But now on the potential of
losing out on that streak against an IG
who has been struggling recently,
especially against Waybo in particular.
But we're in game number two's draft of
our final series of the day. It is the
Lilia, the Nico ban from Top Eports on
the blue side this time as IG on the red
side going to ban away the VI and the
Scarnner taking away a ton of pieces
from Konabi. That is a Jace Jace ban
from Top Eports. So IG are forcing them
to ban that otherwise J should get a
relatively free lane and then if they
ban the Jace then Top Esports could also
get the on. So they're happy with either
outcome here would be my guesstimation.
But what do IG do? I mean, I feel like
you you could realistically leave both
up and then just take the Y and get the
Suani alongside it, but they go towards
the Yona ban.
So, my expectation would be Jace.
It's a bit of a no-brainer. But then
where do I go? Do they just go Seduani
to take that away from the Jace and then
pick a you know, another okay matchup
into the J into the Jace as a kind of
answer or But then my question is what's
the top laner, right? Uh there are
definitely options but it does feel kind
of limited right you could go towards
something like the but first rotation is
it really necessary no right so then at
that point it's like hey let's go
towards rookies pool instead maybe an
early Ahri uh but I my expectation
should be the seduani at the very least
out of this one too uh there it is
there's one piece of the puzzle and then
the question yeah the new animations are
so cool I'll never get I'm not going to
get over it I agree I agree they went
all out for spirit blossom It's so It's
so sick. But now we got to think about
that one two punch. What's going to go
with this Edgewani? You usually expect
some melee heavy solo laners.
Okay, Misfortune. It's a hover. I mean,
the other pick that uh did obviously go
untouched and it's okay. Certainly not
fully on the radar for both of these
midlaners, but it's not like they don't
play as the Azir. True. As well. Yeah,
it is most uh most play for both of them
uh on the split so far, which is
absolutely hilarious. And uh it is also
the misfortune which is tied uh now at
least going into this game. Uh Gala
trying to get a lot of plays going for
him in terms of the presence we've seen
from this fortune. Very heavy in the 2v2
lane presence as topport's going to try
to play away from that little bit of
safety for Jackie Love on the Ezreal.
Yeah, Jackie Love on the
Ezreal might be a champion he's fairly
well known for. I'm not sure.
uh jungle answer right no I mean I don't
mind the the Leona takeaway just because
obviously does feel like the amount of
agency that uh Leona misfortune could
have would be quite high but Nless and
Leona they both kind of function
similarly just offer slightly different
things also get the solar flare to stop
the bullet time if you can line it up
well so that that'll be like literally
crisp's job going
forward would really like a little bit
bit of a blocking structure for IG here
to try to save off some of that and set
up for that front line for Gala to have
success. I I think weirdly the bum
obviously it can have a lot of high
yield value, but just to play devil's
advocate here for a moment, it's it's
very obvious what the Braum is going to
provide here, right? Uh decent
additional front line. It's going to
really nullify Chris's ability to go in
inside of the laning phase. Um but I
feel like you wouldn't mind You know,
obviously Rail's out, so RA will usually
be the best pairing with Misfortune. But
you wouldn't mind a Nautilus. You
wouldn't mind like another go in support
here just because you've got that
Misfortune. You've got the Seduani. But
at the very least, what this does mean
is uh Galla Maker should have a lot of
freedom in the early game to really move
around the map uh kind of at a whim. And
that's now what you really want to see
uh out of this bottom lane of IG and
strong solo laners now to be drafted for
IG as well. Uh I'm expecting the shai's
pick on four here and top sports also
expecting that as they remove the
ambessa. And again my the only other
kind of big pick here that I would say
that you can really kind of pick into
Jace to attempt to nullify is uh
something like the uh we did see and I
mentioned it earlier things like the
Shen got buffed. Um he's not got you
know he doesn't have a horrible time
into the Jace. not like super fun, but
you get to kind of nullify and then play
out the rest of the map. Uh, Euro
obviously has now been removed away.
That's another option which you're not
going to be able to utilize. Ah, of
course
it's again. All right, why not? It's his
most played at least tied with it now.
Will be his most played and uh keeping
an aggressive stance onto the Jace going
to be important. His side lane prowess
is second to none on that champion. He
can absolutely pick you apart with it.
So changing up a little bit and not
going with kind of a front line set up
for the Disfortune, leaving Gala to his
own devices a little bit in that regard.
But the Azir also now coming through for
Cream. We are going for comfort there
and we're going for a ton of setup for
the team through Cream. I would have
just I would have hated it if I decided
to go a zero on four. That would have
been that would have been terrible, I
think. Uh but hey, look, you know,
honestly, the Shai has made this Nidley
work enough to the point now where it's
certainly not something to just
automatically turn your nose up at.
Canavi is going to find his way onto the
Poppy. And let's see whether or not this
ends up being this Victor lock. I think
it makes the most sense. All right,
you're not really going to be super
pressured by the Poppy. It's only really
about making sure that you're not
getting shuffled. Scaling one to one is
fine.
Uh should be a pretty easy lock in for
IG.
That's big. A lot of scaling to add to
the fluctuation of the damage that's
going to be coming through for IG will
end up being the the shy niti famous at
this point. Trying to put Top Esports
down two zero. Can you imagine after
this massive streak from Top Esports
that IG are the ones to delve into a 200
against them? That would be absolutely
wild. I expect Top Esports to be a
little bit angry uh from that last one
and going with this Kavi Poppy. A lot of
Otus on him to kind of keep the engages
going and being
active that he should. The uh engage
tools are certainly there on both teams
this time around. Right? Spoke about the
lack of uh
proper go buttons in game number one. It
didn't stop them from fighting, but this
time around, uh they certainly have a
lot more access to it with Leona on one
side, Suani on the other, and a bunch of
other champions that are pretty happy to
just throw buttons and abilities at one
another when they're standing in front
of an objective. This game should be a
good one and I think it'll be a little
bit more hotly contested than game
number one just because of uh I think
the fact that so many of these matchups
are quite back and forth. Mid lane one
is perhaps the most quiet uh should give
us very fun time and I'm really going to
be looking at Kavi to try and have an
impact here especially after game one.
Frankly, I'm not going to say fully
getting out jungle but who else on the
team Yeah. Who else on the team could
get out smoke you know? So, it's
like, you know, uh that's what I'm
looking at for this one. Has to come
alive properly as we send our way indeed
to game number two. Game two in the
Shinobi wars here as we get into the
second iteration of this. Again, IG took
the first matchup here in week two of
Group Ascend. now putting Top Esports
backs against the wall with a
composition that has a ton of options
moving forward and a little bit of their
own flavor as we get into it now. The
Gios
[Applause]
there were two people chanting IG there.
I feel like normally there's there's
always one dedicated team charm.
Sometimes it's like a bunch of people.
Yeah, I guess depends.
That's true. Well, the shy
guy never I will never get more.
So, we got the side lane prowess of the
shai on the niti against the Jays from
369. And these are still comfort picks
across the table for both teams coming
into this one, but we are going to get
the opposite side starts for both
junglers. So maybe looking at some
different focuses for those first gank
packs
potentially wants to get active around
the bot
lane goes with uh shenanigans. All the
extra movement speed from W
procs traps draw some stacks. It's the
most ADHD gameplay. I feel like like you
have to always just be doing something
like you're just if you're not doing
something, you're doing it wrong. In
Italy, it feels like you're you're
looking for grass stacks, you're
switching through cougar form, you're
going for an auto, you're going for
midi. Like it just feels like it's the
most you have to actually pay attention.
And the shai when he's paying attention,
he's locked in. So maybe that's just the
uh the focus. True. the Shai I mean as a
player has you know historically had
some of the craziest individual highs
we've ever seen right uh so maybe that's
that's the why being a little bit locked
in these days as
a it's been a while since we've seen
those people times though I completely
derailed the OG's 2023 world run right
the most recent
I pretty much
single-handedly never going forgive him
for it but lying for it wasn't
impressive again just continuing to
harass and we spoke about the junglers
right JJ is on his way up here wonder
how much pressure presence is going to
be afforded to
this one other we're just going to fight
because a the observers are patting up
here there's nothing else going on in
the rest of the map
unless engaged now they they heard you
talking uh and they go for the engage as
you say it. Uh but yeah, it should just
be the the biggest thing is like with
these different timers on the rift if we
are going to get any of those iterations
of early gank pass or kind of just what
we had been seeing beforehand with the
double grubs where a lot of the time
first patch just ended up being a full
clear. He's hovering around top side but
is just going to get the left.
He's spotted
coming in. They do know 369 going to get
attacked. Going to flash out. Don't end
up getting the perafrost but tanking up
enough. The Shai flashes first blood
cleanly executed by IG and Gigashai is
there.
Wow. I think the Shai perfect pixel
flash to not take that
second tower shot. Like if he flashes
earlier, he might still be in range.
as uh well there's the early sword we
were talking
about Jackie Love and Chris do not want
to be in that bot lane match up but also
uh the problem is Gala Mako resetting a
wave later will
just follow anyway JJ auto Q very good
the second part W still connects despite
oh replay actually stack so it's kind of
a it's bugged inside yeah it only got up
to four
uh flash there from the Shai just about
perfectly timed to get himself out from
underneath the tower. Just a couple of
right clicks away. He is going to hold
on to this wave. Doesn't want it to
crash. Anyway, now that's tough for 369
to deal with. I I do like that we got
the swap going through here. I don't
think either team is really going to be
able to lean on dragon early. So, I
think everybody's just going to be
scaling up until that 8 minute mark when
a new grub spawns. And that fight is
definitely going to be a big tussle. I
think grubs are very important for both
sides of the of the rift this time
around. They
are jumps in the solo lanes. Bar maybe
Victor very happy to side
lane. Grubs are a very potent tool. But
again, as is and has always been the
case of Grubs, they are a win more
objective.
So you have to be ahead to use them. The
shy in side lane with grubs would be a
menace, man.
It's only really going to be Cream that
should be able to answer him in the side
lane as time goes on. I mean, you know,
Jace is definitely going to be able to
offer up a lot as well, but I think the
the key differentiator is that can do it
from a
significantly further distance away and
with higher DPS, whereas Jace Yeah, a
little bit less. One of our junglers are
on the bottom side again. The skull crab
is spawning here.
Yeah,
fight moving over does have Emperor's
Divide. So stream of shuffle available
to him. Shuttle crab is going to be
secured in the end by Konabi there. I
will say though uh just as a little
shout to 369, Jace is no slouch. There's
a reason why they went ahead and grabbed
it up so early there. see if he can
really come to a hole here as uh in that
last series we saw tonight, Jace
definitely came in clutch. Yeah, did
know his blue buffs up. JJ is 100% going
to be here
though. It's really awkward. First move
could definitely come from Shai. He's a
little bit out of mana, but look at the
mid lane. Ricky's chopped in. It's
awkward. I think Na'Vi should just drop
this.
Unleashed it. Thanks for the leash.
That's good idea. I've already smite
diffed you uh in the first game and now
we're going to just take the blue buff
from you. Thank you. Uh dragon is still
up though. The scuttle crab giving
vision boards. Oh, not again. He's got
level six over the wall. Missing the
glacial prison. Maybe he's going to get
the perafrost stack though. But JJ is so
damn tanky with that giant spell
completed. Oh guys,
guys, chill chill chill. Big damage from
the turret, but the Shai still gets the
kill. Cream has come to answer. It took
way too long for IG to get that one. And
now the Shai should pay the ultimate
price. Going to fight over it, but
cleans up the kill. That'll be 481 gold
going his way now. And he cleans up the
bot wave. You got to grasp that. That's
the important thing. Rookie, however, is
answering this with plates in the mid
lane of the mode.
IG's like the idea of the dive is good.
this just the execution was uh yeah
absolutely certainly lacking and because
it lacks they they don't they're not
able to turn on something like dragon
off the back end and of course we see
come in and clean up and that's a very
nice influx of gold into the Azir who
otherwise would have just stayed m very
stable this game these are going to get
their way onto the grub as well a lot of
that is basically just off the back of
this bot lane dive so it's actually a
Very good sequence for esports. I would
love to credit 369, but honestly, Gig
the Shai's hands just kind of working
for about 15 seconds.
We have seen this as a bit of a trend
tonight. Uh I will say is IG not feeling
like they can contest that grubs.
There's no longer a second opportunity.
The three means a lot with the mites and
uh they just go for that early dragon
stacking or at least not early but
dragon stacking in general. Will be an
early infernal dragon though as the
first one. So that'll be a little bit
nicer for them to
hold. Thought it will.
They want it. Solar flare insta cleans.
Nice captain Jack from
Galla. Oh, did they find though? Okay.
He's good. He's good. He's fine. That's
the uh the power of Leona just being
able to kind of walk up to a champion
and go I want your spell and uh
securing it. This means that God is
going to have to be a lot more careful
with his ultimate. Not really going to
have not going to be able to use it as
super aggressively
uh cuz he's going to be standing still.
A lot of engage can come his way. I
think that's the most difficult thing
and why I haven't really been sold on
Misfortune in general. We have seen it
win. It is good by occasion and Gala did
have a pop off last time around these
two team faced on
Misfortune. Going to have to prove it to
me here on this.
See, he's got okay setup. That's what I
was talking about earlier, right? Like
there's no big AOE CC. on the side of uh
IG. That's why you would have loved this
more or less at least occasionally get a
big CC
out back up. Oh, they're getting
surrounded. Big glacial pressure into
the bullet, but he gets keepers burning
out of there. Yaked. And there goes Gala
out of the fight immediately turning on
Mako as he will fall. It'll be the
immediate trade though as Kenavi is
down. TP, we are not stopping 369 going
to get hit. Going to have to flash
immediately now. Crisp in trouble. The
cougar cloth think deep double kill for
Gshai. Two kills go over to the Nelly
and gets a red buff. Skirmish was
basically just over vision, right? And a
potential rotation into the bottom side
of this map. And it goes IG's
way. Not
around any of
that. Just good fighting from IG. Plain
and simple.
Even the dog agrees
as maybe the cat is going to agree as
well. Shai, I've seen this so many
times, man. I've seen it so many damn
times and it works out every time. He is
starting to change the idea of what
Nelly can be in the top side. Starting
to see it kind of go through. I even saw
it in NACL uh not too too long ago and
uh this week rather. And uh he's
starting to sink deep here. 41 now
already. Trinity Force completed. The
bruiser items enable this champion so
strongly.
Yeah, this has become a very very
frustrating champ to deal
with. And again, the only realistic
answer will be on this later on. And you
can actually see Toby Sports have
continually for the last couple of
minutes been trying to assign Cream to
wherever they feel like the Shai is
going to be. Uh as well as obviously
trying to take into consideration where
the objectives are and such,
but haven't uh found that consistent
success just
yet in matching that one for the time
being. No objectives for another 90
seconds. Ocean Dragon. If IG can pick
that up, they'll be pretty big in uh
putting a fair bit of pressure on top
esports's uh overall kind of curve in
this game. Waiting till two items.
Jackie Love, it feels like he's not
based in a little while cuz he's on some
pretty bare bones components. Maybe
another wave away from Triforce. We'll
have to see the Shai. He wants that
demolish Brock. He's not going to get
it.
Give me those grass stacks though.
That's sometimes all that
matters. Uh it is still though another
objective coming up about 45 seconds.
Another dragon could be IG's focus now.
But those first items maybe changing up
the board a little bit. Some scaling
coming through for rookie completing
that row as it starts stacking. But I
will say on one and a half items will go
that nasty next as well. Going to have
some strength of his own. Jackie Love
hitting the Trinity Force spike is now a
push play onto Chris. This is locked
down. Is it going to be enough? Double
CC into the Chai here too. Ripping
through them yet again. And now Jire
once more try to get the concussive
blows there. Won't end up following
through. But he goes five and one.
Jabata. This is a master class from the
master of the top lane in the LPL. Okay,
hold on. Hold on.
I'm bursting though. I'm bursting that
balloon straight away. Five and one, but
it's it's almost all been of
the round. Nobody else can do this. All
right. All right. Sure. Sure.
I know. I know. I know. But uh always
got to be
uh got to be the party pooper. Top
esports. Chris could not move. No, he
could not move. That was pretty funny.
You said two times CC. I think he got
quadrupled his seed cuz it was like the
winter's bite, right? Brawn passive into
brawer into Seduani E into Seduani old
like he was not allowed to play the
game. Uh however, they get the dragon
despite the pick. It's actually get the
dragon.
Love to see it. Little bit of
capitalization there. Now they even up
the dragon score. We do have about 15
seconds until the Rift Herald comes up.
We'll see if they kind of want to
readapt up that way. There's going to be
a back and a reset out uh from Crisp at
least. But uh we did end up getting into
uh a situation where we start to see
some of the strength of Top Esports when
they can move around the map. But I
still think they're waiting on a lot of
items or waiting on a lot of time. And I
really appreciated how fast I have been
willing to kind of play the map and play
the side lanes.
side is going to be the most important
thing in
this. I feel like with
uh dragons only being one a piece 15
minutes in, we're not going to see a
soul for a very long time. I I highly
doubt we're going to get to a point
where El's a backup, but I mean
honestly, especially in the last week or
so, I feel like I've seen weirder
things.
So, I'm going to I'm going to hold my
breath, especially after watching the
the le show
last like every game was weird. Whether
it was a stomp or whether it was a very
hotly contested
one back
over to here, it's only uh about 2 and a
half thousand gold
lead, but uh IG again, they've got the
tools to really force the issue when and
where they want. They were able to pick
up that Herald just a moment ago as
well. So JJ has the opportunity to plop
that down wherever he sees fit. All
three outer towers are chunked out
enough that the Herald would be pretty
efficient at taking that one down. The
tower down and the Shia I think cannon
and top is really good. They are giving
up a bit of mid lane pryo though. So
Garlic maybe chop this one out and then
either hit the tower himself or move to
the bot side and that will be up to
them.
And it's so crazy. We we do have like a
pretty decent gold lead being developed
super early in the game by IG. TP coming
from but uh they they want to go
particularly take this play on 36 to top
side. The turret's very very low. Uh
again, tops have been dominant in the
league. I mean they they won last split.
Obviously first stand didn't go their
way but they're 9 and one and that one a
stain on their record against IG of all
teams and uh even with all these issues
you see that they're five and six IGR
they've just had TS's number so far this
split and it's looking like this lead
could be something they can build into
about 2.4 2.5,000 gold up.
That was a little bit weird. I like the
observers. Call them out. Call them out.
Yeah. I mean, so this is the thing,
right? You can tell how bad the IG want
to keep the shai uh on the into the
Jace just because he can really bully
out.
Uh-oh. He's in trouble now. He's going
to flash out. Get a lot of damage on the
cream with the solar flare dodged out
of. He can't get away. Doesn't have
anything. The cougar claw is not going
to come out that time. And now Top
Eports counts on top lane themselves are
going to immediately burst down this
turret with the rift uh grubs at least
that they were given freely as I think
Kenabi just used the keeper there to get
the minions away. It's actually pretty
worth it and they're onto a tier two in
top side. Big time to burn up. Oh,
they're trying to get on to Jackie Love.
He's going to burn the Arcane Shift.
Going to cleanse out of the slow as
well. Dead coming around now too trying
to set up a big bullet time but they
can't get in range. Look at the bot lane
as well while it's all going on. 369
pick up the tier one tower. He's also
hitting this tier two. I mean pretty
it's dead even now. Yeah, he he's got
three grubs. He might just kill it. It's
kind of close. Ly might just not get
here in time. He's got to start
respecting the three grubs. I I don't
know, man. That's like multiple times
we've seen just fullon trades, no
fighting over grubs. He comes back to
bite them so badly. Yeah, but not just
these two teams obviously
but the the sh does a very good job s
side s side s side s side s side s side
s side s side s side s side sidest
stepping the the owner but otherwise sh
back end of jack which is a big deal for
you see however why there was so much
apprehension around the shai uh kind of
picking where he wanted to you place
himself ended up teleport to that top
side and that but that was where had
more members and again he wants to be in
isolation against this chase. That is
just what this little wants to be doing
this game. And unfortunately for
himself, the moment that he finds
himself into cream yet again, he's
picked
on very aggressively. And now this
dragon is spawning. All of those tower
trades have equalized out the
gold. I'm sure IG will still feel like
the favorites to secure this
objective. Dead even game state though.
He's forced down with the second item
completed for both Jackie loving cream
and the evolution. They're feeling good.
Keeper Verdict stopped and it's tracked
by the glacial
prison with the timing of the play.
Absolutely massive there. They will end
up getting the dragon. That'll be second
dragon secured for them on their way to
a cloud soul.
would even let himself be out
smid for the
opportunity. Shai must be pretty close
to his second item. GJ just finished
his time to clear the wave. Don't want
to deal with pressure. Very
understandable. Rookie also wants to
properly make his way over to a side
lane in a moment to start securing some
waves. Looks like he's going to walk up
to the top side. State of the map right
now for tops isn't that bad. They're
actually in an okay position to
start feel like it but the Herald is
definitely going to pull them away now
tower is dead then
pretty big they are going to leave it
after that yeah not surprised it's just
to to pull top east go oh yeah they can
do this I think overextending he does
have the sun disc but I don't know if
that's going to save you against this
combo it's like they're a little bit
hesitant to do it under vision with four
members down here though not going to be
able to get anything for it. Cream
starting to pump out some serious damage
and some of that scaling starting to
come online for top esports. We said,
you know, third item for them is really
that break point where it becomes hard
for IG, even if they have some scaling
on their own
end. A lot of side laning of the Shai
here and then maybe, you know, Gala
putting in a bit of work, but I mean the
top esports draft kind of plays itself,
man. There's not much else to to say.
They just walk around in a five and hit
whatever is in front of them. Get this
tier two on the bottom side of the map.
That's another cash injection.
for predominantly the carries there and
the two items being available to Jackie
level green now they are fully online
and I mean they're ahead of their
counterparts like both of them
especially right rookie and gala have
not got their second item cleared yet
this uh current
assignment from IG they're going to give
over
the get very good at the moment but this
new buff is permanent right it's not Uh
well, I mean, you know, the the old the
old pedals were technically permanent,
too, but with this new one, right, the
the kill on the slow, the AOE slow on on
effect could be a big factor in uh you
know, snowballing a a team fight. And
when you think about the fact that
there's so much range on this top
composition, these kills might be
happening at range, right? And that
slowdown could have a lot of impact on
securing the next the next in that kill,
right? It's terrifying for IG to see
that Cream Eject are sitting pretty here
with really undisturbed gold
advantages for themselves as they will
be having a lot of of stacking going for
themselves. And now we do have a little
bit of time till that next dragon. It
would be sole point for IG. So they have
some decision-m priority in that
fashion. But really, you're trying to
buy time for the Shai to get this third
item, get some sidelane prowess going,
get these turrets down for them and try
to play off this composition. But I I
think some prior decisions are really
going to start coming back to bite IG,
like giving over those three grubs,
giving over a lot of the cryo around
these fights as well. I mean, you look,
they weren't able to really get in
position and easy pickings for Top
Esports to now continue to even this uh
state of the game. Yeah, I I feel like
weirdly so much of this does kind of
come down to landing on the draw over
the Morless, right? Uh only having one
very like kind of long commit way of
engage. Uh feels kind of bad. And you
know, Top Esports, they obviously
technically also only have Crisp. Uh but
there is significantly easier followup
via Cream and and Kavi to really make
those engages
stick. Whereas on this IG side, it's a
little bit more nuanced than
that. That true shot barrage out the odd
angle. The shai will get this
tower, but it's taken 24 minutes to do
so.
So go is fine. That was a very deep dive
into
not dragon's coming up now though. And
the
reset is there from IG, but they will be
late if they want to try to come get
this dragon. Maybe if they try to reset
instantly as Kavi is going to try to
take this blue buff too ahead of the
dragon's bomb, still have about 10
seconds for that to come
up. Man, if they waited uh 5 seconds.
Well, it's the little things, man. uh
tops can get this dragon pretty freely
and there's actually an assist towards
that top tier two. So I wonder if
they're going to try and dive
369 in exchange. You can see the mid
wave is gone. Mako is also rotating over
but I think they're a bit late on the
wave. That's the problem. The wave dead
almost makes it here.
Yeah. And cross. Wow. So dragons even up
two to two. Top Esports will end up
giving a tier 2 turret in top side for
it. A little bit of gold standing
over looking. Cream's poking and
proddding here as Baron has
spawned. A little bit of attack speed
might do top esports a little bit of
justice if they want to start up
anything. Wall bang coming in. They're
in a little bit of trouble. Garctic
assault away to safety. The shai is
still hovering. The Top Esports need to
be careful of how they take these
entrances. Crud though important but
maybe not as important as your life as
the CC chain comes through. May go
flashing excellently over the wall and
will survive. Now Jackie loves feeling
himself against his old top laner on IG
and will be getting stronger and
stronger as time goes on. Here goes Top
Esports the siege into top side and
they're getting so much value with their
grubs across the board. It's only a
matter of time till they really find
some side lane issues to deal
themselves. Yeah,
absolutely. I have I think they're I
think I think they're out time. I think
they're kind of gassed here. I
uh I really struggle to see many worlds
where they can get themselves out of
this
chokeold. I know the gold, you know,
gold difference between the two teams is
not particularly high, right? Uh but so
much of the lead was front ended into
the Shai and the fact that they haven't
been able to push any sign more
significant leads through him on the
side lane has been very very worrying.
And I mean even if you look right look
at look at the inventory between 369 and
between the Shai there's 1,000 gold lead
between you know the Shai and and 369
but 369 has three complete items right
like that that is a very very uh large
difference in power and obviously you
know the sh put money into tier two or
tier three boots. But at the end of the
day, items change champs, man. And those
tier three boots, whilst they are
obviously buff and significantly better
than they were in the previous patch,
still not better than the completed
item, that is still the uh the end all
be all here.
Oh, but wow, Jack is really feeling
himself. Yeah, I mean, he's got three
items now. I would be too. See if the
shoans completed off the back of that
one. We did have a stop off for the
seekers from Cream. So he'll be a little
bit late on that third item, the f third
completed item at least. But he's got a
smorgus forge here in his inventory. And
a lot of damage packed into this top
esports team fight here, even with 369
going lethality as IG being surrounded
on. They're trying to fight through
their jungle here. They don't really
have any tools available to them. Now
Dead, he's going to get the double knock
up there by Kenabi. blocking with the
unbreakable goes makeover. Makeover is
getting very low. TP now coming into the
fight as well, but this feels like top
esports. They're getting into the flow
stay here. Were potentially thinking
about going for that Baron play. They do
have a lot of damage now. It looks like
trying to get back to mid lane pryo. The
Shai is here to give them a little bit
of damage out, but he gets engaged on
now as well. Gala waiting ever patiently
to get a bullet time. one bullet time
hitting across the team at top esports
makes the entire difference in this team
fights and IG they feel like they can
actually defend this side of the map for
themselves being they
can I mean I feel like one player we
haven't spoken about at all because he's
actually managed to
go nothing in this game
00 but uh he is 10 CS per
and he is very close with three items.
He could very well be the difference
maker in a game like this. He is the
scaler. Like he he is the the win
condition. He actually just is right. Uh
if IG aren't able to find leads on the
side lane, which you know at this point
it's very safe to say they haven't been
able to, then yeah, he is the the saving
grace. far Gala manages to find, you
know, a very magical bullet
time. Not really been the case and
without the ability to have very
consistent AoE lock down, it will be
hard to find. The Shai now does have a
third, so it'll be very annoying to deal
with on the side lane, but without TP,
you can't walk to the bottom side of the
map right now and be a nuisance while
Baron's up. Even with this dragon coming
online, I think both these teams may
well just ignore it for a little bit.
they'll come mid wave and rotate over,
but with the baron up, it feels very
hard to uh want to care about one
individual power dragon for the time
being. I will say if there's one person
I would love to give all the resources
in the world to for IG, it definitely is
Rookie. I I really appreciate the sh's
performances, dead specifically as well
as Gala. But Rookie is always that final
line, that final stand for the team, and
they really really need to rely on him
in this second game. They don't want to
go the distance against Top Esports.
Dragon number three secured for Top
Esports now as they look for the engage.
They find it both time on a Cris, but it
was not enough. The Shai still looking
to poke in damage, but Cream and Jackie
Love are laying the heat now as they are
cresting almost into four items
themselves. The poke is just too hot to
handle for IG. They are going to try to
move over. Ping's going to the Baron.
Maybe push their own tempo here.
I mean, if they start this up, no bullet
time. I mean, they've got the
for but it just feels like such a risky
and unnecessary
start. Maybe they really want to kill
Crisp. I guess they just keep giving
everything to Chris. They do get the
lock down going now into Mako. He's
going to flash away. Arcane is maybe
happening now. The Shai goes for the
play on the Jackie Love. This is the
thing about the Shai. He can just get
in, get out of these fights over and
over again. He's such a menace. He
heals. He's untouchable. And now IG,
they're feeling confident to go get the
Baron. This is huge. Top Esports,
they're being pushed to the brink now,
too. Oh, they're going to go on to
Rookie Stasis.
Baron going down now as well to IG. And
Rookie walks away unscathed. They're
going to get away with massive baron
buffs across
IG given the game state. This was just a
heist plain and simple. That's so
massive. IG mean they have to achieve a
lot though with the Baron Result. That
is still the the bottom line here. Even
if they, you know, do secure this
objective as we look at this replay and
yeah, just all up to Crisp, right?
everything but the uh but the victor
pretty much and it only gets dropped
here at the very back end to chunk out
creamy. You can see how much damage is
on offer from that ultimate
there once that reset starts going too
certainly
behind. This is where Konavi thrives in
the inbetweens cuz he could use those
wall bangs to really set up Top Esports.
That's his key goal now. They are
getting closer and closer now. We have
three items for Gala completed too.
Seeker's arm guard still available for
Cream. His has not been broken just yet.
Baron buff still for another minute and
40 seconds. Another dragon up in 220.
Timers a little bit off sync there, but
TP back into the play by Rookie as the
Chaos Storm. They're looking for a tier
2 turret. He just comes in bursting
using that speed from the TP. They're
using this cannon minion to try to get
this turret. It's so low, but it's not
going to go down just yet. They're going
to need another wave or at least a
little bit of time here as they're going
to step up and go just going to tank the
turret cuz I'm tired of this tier 2
turret down here. They're going to get
the standing gold as well as now maybe a
little bit overextended. Did pop the
unbreakable there. A little bit worried.
IG looking at tier 2 in mid. They go
onto the side. The side blastes away.
Glacial Prison has been used though and
now IG getting the solar flare. Oh my
god, we got ultimates flying all over
the place. The stress level is through
the roof right now for both teams. It is
tensions continue to rise. Tier 2 towers
all gone, but I think that's likely the
most they're going to be able to achieve
in this baron. It's still a massive
swing of gold. You can see at the top of
your screen, it's a 5,000 gold
difference now for IG. Crazy. The items
are starting to really fall into place.
Gar picked up a rapid fire cannon. Za
was secured by Rookie on that previous
teleport.
Shai has a QSS. Why not? Doesn't make
sense since the early 6% damage done.
Oh, that's
crazy. Bruiser items are nuts. I I just
say a world like I know there's a lot of
game left to play here and we have seen
Top Esports. I mean, they're scaling.
They're getting they're almost on four
items for both their
carries. What world do we live in where
the only two losses in the split so far
the group has said from top against IG?
Like that's just so wild to me and it's
off the back of these creative plays.
It's off the back of this creativeness
from IG. They still have a lot to put
together here, but they're putting the
screws to top esports and not a lot of
teams can do that.
True, but the LPL's a weird place, man.
You remember the whole like the circle
of There's the circle of something like
the curse of Weebo for JDG. Like they
were better than everyone, but they they
would just lose to Waybo. You remember
that one? That was I do. Maybe that's
that's what's going on here. It's just
two.
He goes golden. He got the Zas in time
now. Oh, the keeper goes wide. Gala had
burned the bullet time. Desai stepping
up. heal so damn much now. The poke is
going to hit. Dragon is up. Top esports
can just give this one. That's look
looks like what's going to be the case.
So, we're going to seven dragons. This
series is delivering and we're only in
game two. Okay, Miselle. This is the
part where I start getting I don't know
if cynical is the right word. Okay.
Okay. There's only been nine kills.
Yeah. 36 minutes in. How has this and a
5,000 gold lead?
Yeah, it's been a while.
They have become 10,000. That's all. Oh,
no. I mean, hey, come on. We have the
shy middle. It can't be enough.
But do you see what I'm talking about
about him just being annoying? like he's
just constantly doing things and I think
it just puts so much pressure on these
and you never really expect the amount
of damage that he can kind of pop off in
these moments and he is a massive damage
dealer for IG in these fights. You have
to be careful where you're positioning
as Cream and Jackie Love or he will end
up fighting. That's what's been the bane
to many teams here that he's been
willing to take this Niti out towards.
We're getting prepositioned by top
eports around this top side now that we
have less than a minute until the baron
spawns at the
bar. Still be with the control around
it. Look at the vision as well on that
top side.
Engage. Instant cleanse with the arcane
shift from Jackie Love. That cool down
will be a little long towards the ed but
not too too long. Will not be available
for this baron fight if top beasts want
to start it immediately. Priority pushes
in mid lane though by IG moving behind
Crisp and Jackie Love. The play is on to
Rookie. He dodges out the keepers
verdict. The wolbing doesn't connect.
Kavi's missing everything. Solar flare
there in there from Crisp. Now Jackie
Love has some free firing positions
here. Cream also following up. You have
to be very careful with the lethal
damage that can come out of the double
carries of Top Esports. Now they're just
going to burn down the Baron immediately
start it up. The attack speed from
Cream. They can burn it down so heavily
and IG are trying to move over now as
well. 369 has a great flank. This might
be the turning point. The Baron goes
down. It's not nearly going to be enough
from IG to take this fight. Bullet time
fully dodged out of now as well. The
Shai trying to reset this fight on the
left side flank as two members going to
get back. That's Kenabi, I believe, and
Crisp. No, they're going to actually
continue going for the fight as the
Shai's chasing them down cuz some of
blows not going to go through. IG trying
to pick off people now. They're getting
picked off themselves. Jackie Love
snipes him down. And now the Shai in a
1v2 make it a 1v3. Goes down to Konabi,
too. And the rest of everybody from IG
are falling to pieces. Top Esports take
the bear. They take the kills. it down.
They take the lead almost in the map as
they're going to go to the tier 2 turret
in the top side. They're looking at the
top wave. I mean, the question really is
how far can they go, right? We've got 40
second death timers on Gala and the
Shai. You've got Baron and five members.
Rookie can't wave clear by himself
against Baron buff even if JJ is there.
Top sports really need to force this
issue. And they're forcing it now. Oh,
they do, but he uses it the wrong way.
Rookie still alive now. did get can tank
up the true shot barrage not going to be
enough but they want more they want to
go for the turrets they have the might
they have the rift as well going for
them as the keeper verdict used to get a
rookie away they're onto the turrets
about to go down essence flux is there
the pop is there too and now that coming
to bear too chaos storm not going to be
there wolf bang on a rookie and of
course we had to go to three the JDG
signaling and top esports will get us to
game
three. It was a slow
burner. Not as uh not as hotly contested
as game number one, that's for sure. But
uh this one a bit more of a uh how shall
we say? A thinking man's game of League
of Legends. Yeah, that's that's how
we'll dub this one, a real game of of
League of Legends chess. Uh, but this
again just really comes down to me from
IG not having, you know, another form of
being able
to really force the the issue, right?
Uh, not being able to consistently send
and only really having JJ uh there to do
it, I think really hurt their ability to
try and press the Shai's lead, right? uh
because whilst the bum was fantastic at
really, you know, providing a a very
easy uh lane to play in that
2v2, the bum didn't really achieve much
else unfortunately, right? And I think
that is just kind of the nature of
getting sucked into those bum lanes
sometime. Um whereas on the opposite
side of Top Esports, they kind of just
played time. They recognized, hey, you
know, we still had leads across the map.
It was it was just 369 who was kind of
suffering in the 1 v one. if we can lane
assign him out of that 1 v one, scale
up, hit our item break points, sooner or
later, we're going to be fine. And
that's exactly what we saw ended up
playing out here. Yeah. And uh I think
we could see it coming from a mile away,
but in the moment it felt like IG maybe
finding some success. Niti will not work
out for the Shai uh in the end. And I I
think Top Esports going to be very happy
to be able to bring this to three again.
They always go to three. uh like 90% of
their last series have gone to three
games. Uh and sometimes there's just a
little bit of a lapse for this team even
though they find themselves at 9 and
one. And again, you know, the uh the
importance of that rematch looming large
here between the two. But I'm actually
really excited to go back and look at
the stats here as we'll be getting to
that here shortly uh to see exactly who
ended up having that kind of most impact
because we know who it was on the side
of IG, right? the Shai had so much of
the advantages going for his side of
things, but it was a pretty holistic
team effort there from the side of Top
Esports that it was right. It was it was
really everyone on Top Esports side who
uh kind of just got things going. I
Yeah, I'm I'm wondering who the MVP will
end up being. Uh obviously Cream and
Jackie Love dished out a bunch of
damage, but look at that. What the hell,
man?
Uh, welcome to the LPL.
Uh, that is the only thing it was really
missing was was more kills. Otherwise,
that gold graph feels pretty on par.
That is a gold graph of all time. My
god, we've been getting a lot of all
time moments uh tonight apparently. But
uh yeah, I mean came out pretty clutch.
I like that turn onto the Baron. I think
uh Top Esports knew exactly what they
had when they get those four item spikes
with the scaling nature of their comp.
It uh felt really good and even if
Konavi was not on a carry this time
around, more on a facilitator, uh still
had a lot of influence. Him and D were
going headtohead over and over again in
this one. But I have to point out for
IG, like you have to respect the
objectives in the new map. Like I know
it's new to these teams, but the the
grubs got so much value, my man. like
they literally tore down so many turrets
back to back to back uh because of the
grub setup for them and it definitely
enabled them to kind of counter the shai
side lane
play. Weirdly, if this dive went
smoother, I wonder if the game is
different. Like I feel like the snowball
could have actually been harder for for
IG here if they're able to walk out.
Cream doesn't get like a little bit of
extra like gold accelerating
uh
going. Wonder if that's that's really
one of the big game changers. This is
obviously another one as well, but this
this felt like it didn't need to happen,
you know, and uh even then it was
pretty eh, you know, like again it was a
lot
of it was a tooth to in the end I want
to say and uh it was the shai that got
this this gold. So it's
like I hate to say it feels like another
big draft issue for the Redside team. Uh
but it's one of their own creation. Uh
unfortunately true. Um we will see I
mean my expectation is IG go to blue
side and it's about what Top Esports are
able to actually conjure up uh not just
in gameplay but of course in draft 2.
Yeah absolutely and uh that's going to
be the big question because it is
Fearless so we'll have a lot of uh picks
and bands to think about and go through
as well. Uh because the fact that we get
to go to three, I mean, it means a lot
obviously for both organizations here,
but also in the history of LPL. Getting
to see these two guys go, these two
organizations go at it obviously with a
lot of new faces in some regard. Uh but
some some good old ones too. And uh you
know, it had to go to three all the way
as uh this snipe from Jackie Love felt
really good. And this was a little bit
of the fluctuation we saw in Sart to see
at least that IG were falling apart or
at least falling asleep at the wheel.
Yeah, but I mean it's so difficult to
play. It doesn't it doesn't feel like
there's a a proper carry on the side of
IG here.
Um and again that's that's my biggest
concern. There was no south for the
misfortune. The misfortune pick felt
kind of out of place then because of it
in in totality which just sucks for
Gala. Gala doesn't get to have an impact
because of that. And Top Esports running
a composition which just it's a
self-driving car, right? He said for,
you know, IG fell asleep at the wheel.
Top Esports got one of those fancy
self-driving cars with decent senses.
So, true. Uh really did not have to
sweat or or struggle that much. Yeah.
And uh now we got to think who gets MVP.
Is it Kenavi? Does he get it for the the
the at least setup? Is the damage
enough? They'll probably give it to
Cream because he dealt the most damage.
Um I I actually think I think it's a
really rudimentary vote, but I think
there's not really anyone else to give
it to. You definitely could give it to
Jer to Kavi rather, but
it's most damage. There wasn't even a
big play that he did. It's just he dealt
the most damage. What? Like it was two.
Yeah. Fantastic. Uh third MVP. There you
go. Good look, Scream. Well done. Good
luck, Scream. The Azir came out clutch
uh but Top Esports more so as a whole
came out uh clutch knowing what their
win condition was and playing towards
it. Now that means we go the distance
with our third series of the day. We're
going to step away from a break. We'll
be back afterwards for the final game.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Welcome back everyone to LPL English,
your unofficial home for everything LPL.
I'm Miselle. I'm joined by Jamada and
we're getting into the final game of the
day. It is a super day of League of
Legends. Three best of threes and IGT
esports had to go the distance. They
went the distance the last time these
two faced off, but IG came out
victorious. Now IG on blue side are
going to ban away the Yona, the Renekton
already as well as the Pantheon towards
Kavi who on the red side with Top
Esports ban away the VI and that Scion
so far. Yeah. So the top lane power
picks are out. Gwen, Jason, Rumble, that
Trifecta. That then brings you down to
things like the Renekton which has been
banned away, the tanks of course, and
then Ambessa. So, where will uh where
will our prios go for IG and Top
Esports? The AD
pool as
well. Kind of at the point where it's
hyper carries to likely make their way
in, but Lilia actually slips through.
It's been banned on blue side the entire
JJ will get his hands on that. and Kavi.
Uh whilst you can certainly get circles
cleared around you is uh the way that I
usually put it in this one to one jungle
matchup. There is no doubting the power
of this Scana and uh the shenanigans it
can get up to. And I mean it's something
that honestly I think in comparison IG
would have loved to have had over the
Sajui last game uh when they had that
misfortune. But there is that Ambessa.
spoke about it being, you know, kind of
the next best thing in that top lane
pool. And I do suspect the Scanner will
probably come through. It's just that
they don't necessarily have to pick it
now if they want a priority pick on
something else. But if they want to kind
of keep their cards close to their
chest, let IG reveal a little bit more
and then maybe get a counter pick out of
one of those two picks, they can
certainly go for the Scarnner now. And
they do. I really like the Scarnner.
want to try to build a comp around it a
little bit. Utilize the time that the
Impale buys you. You also just have so
much lock down now, so much access into
backlines from both of the early picks
from Top Esports. Now for IG trying to
set up for success. A couple picks still
left open. Obviously, we've seen a lot
of focus around the tanks in top side.
The Yoro would be a big one here if they
want to go for some side lane pressure
again for the Shai. And he will lock it
in. Okay, I'm actually not super
wellversed on Euro Ambessa, so this will
be a little bit of a journey. My
expectation would be that uh Uric has a
relatively decent time uh in the early
levels post level six between level 11
and Bessa has a you know a very very uh
advantageous time especially on one item
and then beyond that it becomes a bit
more of a skill matchup as Gala gets his
hands on you have to expect he's going
to use the skin right like you have to
he he probably he probably will and it's
almost undoubtedly his his most famous
champion the Kaiser and I think he will
if I had to wager. I guess use the IG
skin just to taunt Jackie Love a little
bit as uh Cream Onari wouldn't be too
bad, but I like this way a little bit
more as a hover. And I like that it's
been locked in. Uh the kind of
mediumesque range of IG so far. It's
it's a hard cell to even say medium.
It's very short ranged in something like
a would be very very potent. And you
know if Kavi is able to get you know a
massive threeman grab and then Cream
gets an ultimate in there starts to get
real nasty for IG. Very good anti-dive
mage as well. Hay people do tend to
sleep on it as now engage options
stripped away so much utility. Yeah and
it's just it's something that I feel
like people don't respect enough uh on
the Hay especially against somebody who
can really utilize Hay uh to their
fullest ability. But now in the second
phase, it is that Nautilus like you
said, the Ranata has that answer to take
away some of the dive potential uh that
would or I guess the anti-dive potential
that Top Esports would be looking to go
for into the Kai'Sa into the Lilia. Uh
you got to expect though maybe some more
of the supportal band coming through in
the final parts of this. But right now,
the cork key by Top Esports taking away
some of the flexibility flexibility at
least of this team.
Is this is this an ash out of Jackie
Love?
I feel like Ash you've got just about
enough damage and you would love another
form of of noncom engage
here. I think it might be one of their
stronger
options away. I mean again there there
are obvious other things like you know
let's say Yazeri your Jinx like the
other hyper carries uh and certainly you
can just go you know scaling for scaling
there. Civir as well actually wouldn't
be too bad here given the lack of range
currently showing on IG's side. Do they
want a support here? Oh it's Lucian
Nami. Okay that canami Lucian Millio.
Yeah, I I I would anticipate I would
anticipate that it will be Millio uh IG.
Obviously, it does kind of depend on
what support they lock in. I think that
will really give us our
answer. Uh a lot of fun hovers of
course, but the expectation would
be something a little bit more going. It
actually ns out. So, now that I think
about it, it might end up being an
enchanter paired up with uh with this
Kaiser Oriana.
So, I'm just gonna say this is what
remember I I said at the beginning, I've
said multiple times, rookie bodied Cream
in game three of that first series. It
was on the Oriana. So, he's going to
whip it back out. Go with the mental
damage onto Cream. Maybe is enough to
counteract it here though. But will be
on the Oriana. I like this hobby though.
I actually don't think it's that bad a
blind. I think a lot of the options that
Crisp likely
has this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's Let's
go back to this one. Let's go. Let's go.
Because now it puts it puts pressure on
Crisp because it's like cool. I can go
Nami or Millio, but those champs suck at
Blitzcrank right inside a lane. Uh it is
a miserable time. So, do you go
something a little bit more out there, a
little bit more neutral? The Rakan has
made its way through. And in fairness,
I'm surprised I didn't just blind it
themselves. Ooh. Oh, he went the Nami.
Still go the Nami. All right, so Top
Esports have what in theory should still
be a winning 2v2 in the bottom lane, but
a Blitzcrank can always always change
the outlook of that 2v2. a mid lane
which is very back and forth and very
much just a wave clear off until you
know items are in a very potentially
explosive jungle match up and a 1 v one
in the top lane which post level six has
the ability to be super volatile but
certainly leans in the favor of Ambessa
I would almost bet on more times than
not it's a it's it's an exciting set of
drafts here I feel like for Top Esports
their draft makes more sense together
the other side of things for IG it
definitely feels like some different
pieces being kind of put together into a
zombie ification of some sort, but
there's still a lot of strength, right?
Like Kai'Sa is a lethal carry here, not
only for Gala, but across the league
itself in trying to find these
advantages. I mean, we have seen a lot
of strength come through from IG in
these pivotal moments. Yes, dropping in
that last game itself, but you have to
also remember this is a team that's been
struggling recently, but found their
form in game one against Top Esports.
Yeah, I think what what makes this this
draft as you say a zombification is that
again IG have a side laner for the Shai,
right? And in this case the Euro.
Obviously the Euro was picked up very
early in the draft. So you know in this
context you would have liked to have
seen maybe a draft that is then from
that point
on actually supplementing this Eur. But
it it kind of didn't end up doing that
right. So now it's a bit weird. They've
got Euro probably wins the side lane in
the scaling department, but at the end
of the day, IG have a remainder of a
composition that is pretty happy to team
fight. So, let's get into it. Game
number three, it's another awkward draft
out of IG, but they are on blue side
this time.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
game three. And as we get into it,
remember a legendary match up between IG
and Top Esports when uh called the
Shinobi Wars as uh we've seen over time
from all those days back then of uh
them being turned into Naruto
characters. I was about to say I I
graphics. Yeah, we've played it a lot.
We decided not to do this time around.
We played we've done we've done it a
lot, but uh it is going to be Gala
taking Jackie loves Kai'Sa skin uh going
into himself. It is going to be the
lethal tempo Kai'Sa going into the
electrocute
Lucian. But more importantly, we have to
look these junglers been a big
undercurrent to this series. JJ getting
the better of Kavi in game number one.
getting a bit of the better of the
entirety of IG in game number two. And
now opposite side starts to start game
three.
Kavi will be pathing down towards his
bottom side of the map. Oh, it's an
opposite side start because JJ's going
for an invade. It's going to be on a
ward, but it's going to really make
Kavi's pathing a bit awkward. Mako is
he's thirsty. He isirst play onto him
going for the full head up onto Jackie
Love. Gets about half his health. But
now Mo slowed down himself going to get
chunked on the way back. Cream having
trouble in mid lane going down subbed
100 health now potentially buffed out
going to have to flash. And what did I
say the mental advantage of the Oriana
rookie over Creed coming up big in game
three already. I mean Rookie is known
for a lot of champions, right? It's a
lengthy list, but there's a reason why
Oriana is on that list as Oh, man. And
really going to be able to get a gank
off. Oh, SW did connect. They got the
slow, but now he's in trouble. Jackie
level maybe going for flash now. Mo
going in though. The grab combo. Cry
having the flash out too. Getting down
low. Last auto. Gala gets the kill. Now
here comes Kavi to make the difference.
Going into a 2v3. Dashing. Flashing.
Jackie love is going to get the kill
too. And try to buff up big onto Jackie
Love once more. He's going to step up.
The electrocute does end up getting
procked, but Top Esports showing some
hands here early in game three.
Goodness me, I
just miss I I don't know why GJ did
that.
He's going to try and give the kill over
to Jackie and he does.
That's two kills over to Lucian. That is
a
catastrophe. Catastrophe. I I'm just I'm
very I'm dumb genuinely. JJ had the two
free camps of the blue buff and the
gromp but just this slight it's hard to
even call this an
overextension frankly.
Uh base JJ in Mako still wants the play
finds the hook great onto the risk but
then the flash forward and commit and
Mascala finds everything right W the
auto is great Kavi goes onto JJ here and
it's actually the perfect target he's
able to find this Q and he knows if Nami
dies it's not the worst thing in the
world as long as Lucian doesn't Mhm.
Things are fine now.
It's a It's the kind of thing that can
almost almost lose you a game. Now, now
that Lucian's back with a core field,
bunch of extra AD over Gala. Yes, he
doesn't have flash, but no one in the
bot lane has flash. So, it's it's
already the worst thing in the world.
He's going to be able to just hid this
one out. Stats to stats and they're
very, very happy. J at the very
least will return. Oh,
two uh that minion just got grabbed out
of nowhere. That that did not look like
it was going to hit. It hit anyways. Uh
I think Kare's going to be counting his
lucky stars. He
is going to steal away these kugs to
kind of make up for the Gromp. Looks
like he also wants
red. Mako is only level
two. God, he's got he's two levels down
now. Almost level three, so about a
level and a half.
This is
weird. Maker can maybe No, a little bit
too
late. Maybe get that rocket grab
off. And now JJ, there's a ping to the
raptors. JJ is going to run all the way
to the chickens and steal the chickens.
The problem, however, is Konavi is
Kavi's going to be
there. There's mid lane push. I get
Miselle. This is a game. Hello. Yeah,
this this is going to be a game. I mean,
JJ can kill this quite quickly.
He's okay, he's got it. All right,
level five. Can is forced out of the top
side of that again on ward. They won
this time. Oh, shock wave. Hey, as you
said, there's a reason why it's Rookie's
most played in his lengthy career. He's
uh getting Cream in a lot of trouble
early. I mean, the CS differentials
alone across top, across mid now
favoring IG as Mo looking for an exit
strategy. Going to try to get away gets
publicly executed by 369. Though he has
a team behind him and that execution
will be stayed as now Kenabi is the one
in trouble. Void Seeker from distance,
but Jackie Love is now here. Big
spiraling despair. Dead cannot get
closer to his team. He cannot escape.
The bubble will trap him and his life
will be forfeit to Jackie Love. The slow
from that Humer is just so so impeding.
JJ also can't really do anything. Yeah,
even if he had more movement speed, he
would have been killing the rest of his
team. So kind of would have had to have
sacked his life anyway. And it's an
overcomit from IG looking for a bit
more. They could actually chew off and
top punish them. It's the point in this
match up where things are a little bit
weird, right? Like if 369 can maybe find
a window to like kill the maidens and
then eventually get on top of the shai,
this one vyond looks okay. Uh but
otherwise again it's very it's a very
skill match up. He is very 50/50 but oh
most of the time should be able to
stabilize it. JJ got that skull crab
there. That would have felt quite good
for him.
It would have actually maybe catapulted
him to level six off the back of raptors
once he goes down there, which I assume
he will before he drops. Maybe he looks
for an invade. It's one of those weird
games. It's hard to predict what our
jungler is going to do in this one. I
think uh 72 minutes will be pretty easy
here in about 25 seconds though with the
grubs coming up. At least we know where
they're going to be as another
electrocute proc coming through. Kala
loses about half his health. Will have
to pop some of the healing here. I think
one of the biscuits at least. But uh
reset from Kenavi and as he does maybe a
little bit adaptation. We got some pings
from ING towards that dragon. We did see
that. Uh oh, Jaglo's mad that you're
backing with his signature. He knows
it's the it's the bat signal for him. He
just has a a killer instinct.
Yeah. Well, this crank pick is uh not
paying
off. It's No, you don't like it. Not so
far. But look, at the end of the day,
even though there is a threelevel
difference between Mako and Crisp, and
that might be the largest support XP
lead at this timer, I think I've I've
seen in a long time. I'm not going to
say
ever. One hook. That's my point. One
hook, Mazelle. That's all it takes. The
Blitz Crank.
Oh, Kabi a little bit wide there. Kenabi
pilot his way into the pick. The
Republic is piercing the combo. They
grab these two first and foremost and
they are paying off with it now. The
Shai going to get ran down potentially,
but is pretty tanky. Has all the little
minions too. So, they will back off in
the end. Movement from Rookie means the
dragon maybe a little bit dicey here on
vision though is Rookie. So they're
going to continue to start it up. They
could have moved from 369. So Kenavi
will just solo this objective out. I'
I've got to say I feel a little bit
sorry for Jedia there. The the hitbox
was very
forgiving on uh on that
Impale. A little bit of high ground, low
ground made that look worse than it was
perhaps. Either way gets picked off and
it will get them dragon. It's going to
be traded for the grubs on the top side.
Kavi is not going to find the jungle
camp here. Going to have to just settle
for the skull. Just neutral territory.
IG though, three grubs when you've got a
UI does feel
okay. But again, man, I miss I miss the
spot of grubs. I do too, man. I do too.
But, you know, feel like teams are like
obviously it's like literally the first
day of the patch and uh teams did not
really get a chance to practice it very
much. Um, as both these teams literally
played two days ago.
Uh, getting the difference in the timers
is really important. And now Jack Love
getting his timer to get out of mid
lane. Uh, but it feels like we're seeing
teams kind of be willing to give those
three grubs even though they realize how
powerful it is.
Uh, and it really is powerful,
especially to get those those right with
the changes that they need to uh is Kavi
going to steal away the camp that he
came for earlier. And this time he'll be
up there this uh this way as a little
bit of an even state here about 2,000
gold lead for Top Esports. But when we
look at the state of things and the
scaling that can come online for IG, I
think there are some possibilities
there. as uh speaking of maybe not
anymore for the Shai does get out there
with his flash. Title wave coming in as
well. Mako has made his entrance here.
Jackie Love going to get tagged by the
swirl seed. Kavi getting a little bit
lower. Voice seeker going to hit. Gala
can't really find a way in. Rookie
despair plus oh severing bolt and the
the arcade comic gets the kill. The
thumbs up to the solo bolo to grieve.
Fair play grieve. Now, whilst Rookie can
certainly have the better end of the
stick inside of the laning phase, the
range of weight certainly makes things
very awkward in a side lane. And Gala is
uh finding out how powerful this 301
Lucian is. The Essence Reaver already in
tow. I imagine Jackie Love is actually
going to be on curve for a very early
second item.
rapid fire cannon, but he gets clipped
here by the EQ al connects and then the
Q comes back on cool down QW passive
proc and the passive proc I think procs
common. Very very cute as uh well the
shai getting some good damage though on
369. He heals a lot. Maiden is taken
away as he's going to get dashed onto.
Heal is not nearly enough and 369 claims
his life as now Dead go for the play on
the top side. He's going to put him to
sleep. Somebody grab him. No,
Mo didn't end up getting Cream and Cream
will flash away from that play. They're
going to try to get some turret plates
on top side. A little bit of
miscommunication there. Yeah, just very
unfortunate. He uh ended up getting
rooted by the Huay W, so he couldn't
move. didn't want to
flash either. Uh, so unfortunately no
hook connects. Is it not worth?
I mean, he's getting cream's flash
anyway. Whoa. Well, maybe he needs flash
for
Nope. Oh, and Gala is going to pop his
killer instincts to get out of there as
he does dodge out of the title wave.
Now, Jenj is overextended and are
falling through. It's like watching some
dominoes on a table fall apart. Some
emotes coming out. Top Esports is
starting to feel themselves here in game
number three. And game one may be a far
cry from what IG are representing now in
the last two. Goodness me. That was JJ's
having a stinker.
Yeah. I mean it's
just it's not f it's not just JJ either.
Like make code is also
You know, we might require
level five. Yeah, he is. He is three
levels under Crisp. I don't think I've
ever seen that. It's It's stayed the
same for the last 7 minutes. He was
level three. I don't think I've ever
seen that.
Yeah. Yeah. It's not great.
Um my my question is why
How can we walk out of it?
Just let it happen.
Just let it happen.
Happens and just Yeah. Fantastic basic
jack. Yeah, he's feeling a little
cute. Jack love quietly. 5 0 and2 pretty
gossip for himself on the Lucian. Yeah,
little little yan action coming in. It's
uh almost 8:30 in the morning for me. Uh
as now Mako is going to kick in. He's
never going to hit level six. He's just
never going to hit it. Lullabi is there.
Wait, misses again. It's so funny. I
talk about rookie on his classic Oriana,
but now IG still finding a little bit of
a fight. Gala overextending himself into
a 1v3. Gala. Gala. Gala. We could say
his name all we want, but it's not going
to make him play better. And IG, they're
falling asleep at the wheel. Maybe
they're just as tired as I am.
I think they are and it's a bit tragic
to watch
the sh take us like an hour to get into
the first game. So, you know that is
true. I I think the dare I say when the
team needs him the most.
Oh. Oh no. Oh the solo. Come on. 369.
This is the ultimate pain point. TP
coming in. Rookie going to come save his
life at 369 going to go through and
almost kill Rookie does end up getting
586 gold for killing 369. And now TP
back on the top on the bot side by Cream
to answer Rookie's push. The work
husband comes to the
rescue. It's the only way. It's the only
way I could see Top Esports winning this
uh losing this game is they forget that
the Shai exists and he takes like three
side lane towers. He's TP top. Okay,
look at the tier one. I wish that we had
observe. I really do. But uh obviously
we get cast.
Uh that's one. Oh, he got spotted. He
got spotted. Yeah, that's tragic. Not so
they forgot about him. He took the
turret. Yeah, it's going to have to
happen. Uh 1, two, three. Oh, no way,
dude. Jackie Love just has Mo in his
sights. And a head shot to the
Blitzcrank. And that's uh Top Esports
running away with this one. I mean, now
they're almost 4,000 gold. Okay. Okay.
Well, I I'm just not going to speak kind
of like every time we talk about a
player, it's wild. We just get the
immediate pick onto them. Now, Dia might
look to go down for a sixth time. He's
going to make it out alive cuz of
Rookie's pressure in the end. Fortunate
that the Impale was on cool down. It
literally came up as Kavi had to start
clicking backwards.
But Jackie Love just gave over a shut
down. Yeah. So, so, so, so. All right.
Because we're both tired. This is just
how how this is. Though I've slept, you
haven't. So, you're definitely more
tired than
I are we sure they're not tired, too.
Like, are we super sure? Uh, this is not
necessarily the cleanest League of
Legends we've ever seen. And uh now
maybe a little bit of cleanliness coming
through from Top Esports towards this
top side. Trying to get a dive here. the
wave that uh this champion could be the
only way that we lose the game, but
they're going to turn around and look to
pick up the Herald and I don't believe
All right, what were we going to say? Uh
so Jack has to do that about three more
times. Okay. Right. Uh he's got no
flash. They they're not going to look
for and I frankly I don't think they are
for he's going to one for one this like
at
least unless Ga shows up.
It is just don't do it. Do not do it.
And you just heard the Herald go down.
So now you have to go back to mid.
Oh. Oh no. Still hovering. They're still
They're still thinking about it. They're
losing a t overextended though. And he
will give them the prize that they so
seek. Give it to rookie man. You are You
are zero and five.
What do you mean? Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh,
dies to the turret. Shot it. And now
look at 369. He's going to chase them
down. Rookie mana. Oh my goodness.
They're going to split. Okay, 369 won't
end up being able to take them out. The
phase rush ends up getting Rookie away.
But here comes the rift. play on
a
[Laughter]
miss. Oh, this is so bad. J and Mako are
1 and 12 combined as a combination. Uh,
which feels really bad for IG. And
that's what I was worried about coming
into this third game. I even said it in
between is like I really hope we get a
good third game cuz it definitely felt
like IG were running out of steam in
game two and we see a little bit more of
that here. Yeah, Abby, I'm not going to
lie, this is a really bad death from
Cream. But you know what it does do? It
emboldens IG and that's that's their
problem. Uh 269 kills the wave whilst
killing JJ and the tower shot helps him
kill JJ.
Uh, and then of course Rookie is able to
separate himself very fortunately from
369. Uh, but there was a Herald play
going on which we're not going to catch
in that replay, but it was very very
funny.
Deep breath. Yes, it's only a 6K. I
don't Yeah, yeah, yeah. Buddy, buddy,
buddy. I won't hear you. Player, go on
the left side of your screen. No, no,
no, no, no. Everyone, close your left
eye. Okay. Yeah, there you go. It's gone
now. You can open it. Nice. All right. I
like it. All right. Look, but but there
is always I will say just in all
seriousnesses like Gala did
put a lot of pressure on Jackie Love in
that last series that these two teams
faced off and Gala was the better ADC.
the fact that it's Lucian game three for
Jackie Love. The last genius ADC in the
LPL here and now it's a lot of uh weight
on his shoulder. Hey, look. All right.
Do you know who else is putting a lot of
pressure on Gala? Mhm. Make that. I
would say that is true.
Uh at card's going to be secured. Check.
Hui has no flash and the Shai is meeting
him, but he doesn't have Rick here yet.
So, this wave is um
It's going to be gone after another QE.
Mako's threatening over the wall, but
all Cream has to do is kind of hug the
top side. And now that he's got Crystal
with him, he's
still going to get the
fight. Oh man, he's 07.
Yeah,
we can talk about the benefits this is
for top E4. They are picking up the
slack where uh where where IG are
dropping it for sure.
Uh they're going to try to get a play on
the 369 up here. Last time he's he might
win last time on trying to one v2.
Oh, feels a little bad. You hear the
crowd and the smile from the
shai. He's like, "Oh man, we tried. We
tried." Gonav's going to steal away the
red buff though on the other side of the
map. Although Rookie and Maker are
coming over to try to dissuade him from
doing so is going to be stolen from him
and Rookie now getting engaged on
potentially the double impale. No, only
going to hit one because the flash came
out. The bubble not going to connect
either on the other side of it. But uh
Jackie loves on three items now. More
rich than anybody in the game by a
country mile and almost over 2,000 gold
up from anybody on IG. Okay, JJ has
flash. He does big flash into a shot and
the game is safe. All right, that's all
they need. Maybe it's hold
on. They get him. Title wave coming in.
They still haven't killed down goes for
the flash play goes golden. Nobody can
follow up though. And now he's left by
himself. Jackie Love going to look for
more. It's been a double kill going the
way of Top Esports now as 369 is looking
for more. He wants a quadra kill, too.
Can't chase down the side and it'll just
be a triple. But they'll turn back to
the dragon and this will be soul point
for Top
Esports. And the game's probably
over. Hey, look. To be fair, they
achieved like half of that prophecy,
right? You know, there was a good flash.
Mostly the tablet was broken in half.
They could only see half. So, you know,
they only follow the prophecy the way
they saw it. Yeah, they uh better yet
they didn't have a Dr.
to I just finished that game those who
know uh good flash hook onto the the
flash you know sleep as well it's great
it's onto Jackie love the problem is
Ricky is in no position to follow up
Gala starts to kill her instinct to the
backline um even if he did
this would have died
um yeah and the Shai can't really
provide too much here in this team fight
that's just how that
And now without the flash available to
Jedjet, we're kind of back to just
relying on Mo for hooks. And frankly,
Mako hasn't been super reliable for much
this game. Yeah. Um with the exception
of Cors. He's still level eight. Yeah, I
know he's close. Like I realized that,
right? But still, he's still level
eight. Yeah,
technically. That's just wild. We're 20.
We're 24. Maybe this is it. Ah,
we're getting closer. Maybe. We're still
waiting at the moment. Yeah, we're still
waiting. We're still waiting. That uh
that boxing glove for Mako a little bit
worn out at this point. And tier 2
turret under siege now. Top esports
pushing into this top side jungle as
well. There is Baron coming up in 15
seconds. They need to see if they want
to go for that. If they want to try to
go for the under tower play. They're
trying to pick out Mo. Mako's also
trying to find their own picks. Grab
Kenabi. It means your team dies
potentially. He's under turret. The
impale coming through. Title wave on
top. Kavi is not the target you want to
grab. And it comes back to fight IG. Big
moment though as the shock wave comes
through from Rookie, but he does not
nearly have the damage to pick up the
slack of his team. 369 is now looking
for an angle, too. Was waiting to see if
he could catch out. Rookie goes for the
puppet X. still goes on top of him under
turret. Okay, 369, flex your muscles a
little bit as tier 2 will be the target
for top esports. Yeah, very unlucky in
some ways for IG that off the back of
that shock wave. I think JJ
Sweed, it only connected onto one of
Crisp and Jackie Love, so he couldn't
pull the trigger on both. And at that
point, it's if you can't pull the
trigger on both, it feels very risky to
pull the trigger at all. We'll get a
replay and we'll get confirmation. Maybe
a hit. I'm not actually too sure.
But uh Mako, he finds the hook. The
problem is
Kavi has 4,000
HP and
yeah brings JJ in the the stasis is
good to four people. Yeah, there is no
SW actually and yeah like you said the
spiriting the spare rather hits on to
four members which then signifies that
this fight is finished. Oh my god. Just
one pop shot from the nine and three
Jackie love.
But but Miselle Mazelle Mazelle the
flash time is again. Yeah. Time is a
circle. JJ nearly has flash is what they
say
if he can. He almost has big flash. Big
big flash sleep into
zaas into
rookie shock
wave. I know. I I know I proposed the
same deal earlier, but I'm going to ask
if you want to sign the contract. Are
you Are you down? I'm out. I'm out, bro.
I'm out. Uh I think I'm about to find
out why. Gala all by himself tries to go
in viz. Drugs with the flash. The flash
play though responded to by Konabi. And
Jackie Love will get the better of Gala
in this series. And Top Esports, they
can do no wrong here. It feels 8,000
gold up. They're pushing now over on
Nico at 369 to try to catch him out.
He's going to play ring around the Rosie
with
369. Slowly but surely try to make his
way out. Did they lose about half his
health in the mid lane? Dragon is coming
up in 50 seconds. Mo,
he's still going. He's surrounded. He's
so Look at him. Look at this little
devil. My Oh. Oh my god. Okay, he
finally got tagged. He did actually get
tagged for the longest time there, but
he finally falls. Uh, and that'll be a
reset coming through for a couple
members of Top Esports before this
dragon setup. It'll be a soul of a
mountain soul for
top. 25 seconds on
that. JJ and Rookie on the prow, but no
one's on this side
lane. They're moving mid or perhaps a
back.
Oh. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. bring up this
flash over the wall. Do it. Flash. He
flashed. Did he Did he make it? No, he
just didn't go over the wall.
No,
it feels bad cuz it was so hype in the
first two games as well. Unfortunately,
this game is bad. At what point do we
just lose a beat, you know? Yeah. Shout
out. It feels pretty bad. It was it that
but I I I think that's where we can
focus on Top Esports a little bit more
cuz this is a team that has the
expectations to try to go back to back.
Uh in split one they were dominant. They
ended up beating AL. They ended up going
to first stand and disappointing the
entirety of the LPL community. But then
they come back and it's almost like
nothing went wrong. Nothing was changed.
They the domestic dominance that we knew
of Top Esports has been everpresent.
that one loss that series lost IG at the
beginning of group ascend it's a little
blip on the radar it feels like but uh
now they were pushed the distance
against IG yet again but in game two
they found really good win conditions
played towards them game three they have
complete control and speaking of that
they're going to grip that control
straight to the neck of IG and snap them
right where they stand as Gala is all by
himself blast on don't use my skin
against me. I will put you down with a
double pot shot. It's a double kill for
the genius of Jackie Love.
They're going to go for more, but I
don't think they're going to be able to
find the Shai. But that bubble almost
Oh, it's going to force like my ADC is
popping up. Let me pop off too.
Unfortunately, he did have the flash on
the other side. But now the shai still
being ran down. And it should be top
esports getting some inhib damage, some
permanent damage done to IG base. Rookie
just trying to walk away from things as
top lane also to 369. Maybe not going to
get the turret just yet, but we'll get
very close. Yo, how much uh Mo is 01?
How uh how much gold do you think he's
worth?
am I? It's a great question cuz you know
they they changed the uh for the first
time and it really threw me off. They
changed the amount of like value kills
are worth, right? But at zero and 11 50
gold. Are we are we saying more or less
than this Gromp? How much is 90? Right.
80 more or less than Gromp. Less less.
Do we think Do we think less? All right,
we have to keep our eyes open. M is
certainly going to die by himself. hit
are uh are ridiculous, you know. So then
you have to think the counter argument.
What do they get if they
[Music]
kill the the top esports starting to be
there and 10,000 gold up mountain soul
secured everything going their way and
uh just a matter of time it feels like
until a 10 in one top esports continue
to make the push to top four in group
ascent.
One last push should be all it takes.
This is
uh Yeah, this has been shellacking,
hasn't it?
Yep. Not even close. Go Maker. Give us
one more death, but like a fun one. You
hit the uh 012 power spike on
Blitzcrank. Yeah, this is a Oh, oh, I
mean, yeah, this is good, man. Top Ess
know what is coming and it is a 2-1
victory over IG. ever. The only loss,
that stain on the record that stands
there for Top Esports right now. It is
IG that has taken that win, but they
will not buy promise against a grown
against a developed top esports team as
they look for continued domestic
dominance against this Shinobi war
partner in IG. And they're just taking
names here. Dendi going down low, but
the nex turret still there. They need to
focus down on what the actual objectives
are here as looking for a re-engage.
Kabi forced to flash. And now Rookie is
looking for more. Oh, they're going to
try to finish it now. 369 going for the
auto attacks on the nexus. He's dodging.
He's weaving. Rookie is trying to buy
time. And IG will fall to the might of
the tippy top and to the might of Top
Esports as a 2-1 victory for the Kings
of the LPL.
It wasn't
pretty. And I'm not saying it wasn't
pretty for Top Esports,
but they got the job done uh in the end.
And uh hey, they were able to find that
win on Redside, right? That was the big
question based on how those first two
games went. Uh but they were able to
secure that victory in the end. And I
think honestly in thanks to IG
and the efforts of Mako and JJ. So, give
a round of applause to the sixth or
seventh man of Top Esports in that game
number three. But hey, at the end of the
day, they did what they had to do to
close out, right? Most importantly, they
kept it as clean as you could really
make a messy game like that. Uh, and
didn't really make too many mistakes uh
when it's all said and done. That is
kind of what we need to expect from
them. Love to see. We was uh kind of
surprised we went that direction, but
also it is Jackie Love, right? And yeah,
uh Miko, of course, no slouch on that
champ either. We would see him on that
quite a few times in the uh in the meta.
That was a little bit too everlasting
that we got the full circle though,
Jamada. We got So again, I talked about
it so much throughout the series, but in
that first iteration when I won, it was
game three.
rookie putting Creton down honestly to
be frank and Gala having an incredible
series get Gala across all three games
in that first meeting went 20 and4 uh
across all three games which was really
really impressive and then now turning
around yes a little bit of redemption in
game number two but game three
holistically Top Esports's favor off the
back of performance from off the back of
a performance from Jackie Love so
everything's starting to trend upwards
and continue to trend upwards wards here
for Top Esports as they go to seven wins
in a row. Now,
not a bad record, is it? 10 and one. Uh,
and I think as the split continues to
unfold, the likelihood of these guys
just finishing first place feels all the
more likely. Of course, they still have
uh quite a few games left, of course,
they've got, I think, seven, right? Is
Mhm. that sounds about right. Seven. Y
uh still got a lot of other top
contenders near them. AL is their next
series. Actually, that's tomorrow, isn't
it? They they play AL tomorrow. I I want
to say I don't think it's the day after.
It is tomorrow. Yeah, tomorrow night.
Yeah. So, uh that'll be their big, you
know, that's the six-point game as they
say in football here. Uh they need to
win that to kind of lock it off and if
they do, that holds off AL at eight wins
and brings them up to 11. That should be
all but pretty much security barring,
you know, a pretty big uh wheels off the
uh off the train situation uh from them.
Decent night overall for Top Esports.
Not too shabby. Not too shabby. And uh
at least they finished uh positively.
Still think that game number one has
some question marks there for sure. But
uh definitely still uh showing that they
are one of the teams to be threatening
and uh be thinking about moving on in
those playoffs and not having to play in
the playin. But
IG I don't know man that last game it
was it was a toughy and uh it feels bad
to see it kind of fall apart like that.
I think game two they felt a lot more
confident but game three felt tough.
Yeah. I in this weird way I don't want
to reduce this series in a in a negative
light, but at the same
time game one like and this is the thing
going back to what we said at the start
of the day for Top Esports, right? Mhm.
They they are 10 and one. They are they
are obviously a very very good team, but
sometimes it it's just weird like look
at the content of this series, right?
The way that they lost in game number
one, the apprehension around game two
and then game three. You could say
arguably IG kind of gave them this
series. Yeah. So, I don't know. They're
still probably going to come first place
and there are certainly teams that could
contest them. But, man, what a
I've I don't think I've cast a a
stranger series than than this one this
year at the very least, if not in my
time on the LPL. But, uh, still 10
to1. Good looks. somewhere waiting for
the MVP, which I'm curious about. I'm
kind of unsure who you who ends up. Uh I
mean, I think it's got to be Jackie
Love. They're just going to give it to
Jackie Love. Yeah. If uh he popped off,
man. The guy deserves it. He did.
There's um there's actually I I I think
to an analyst's eye, it should probably
be Konavi.
But I think because Jackie Love dealt
the most damage and had the most kills,
the MVP vote is going to go to the the
love like that fight in the bot side
towards the end where he gets the
Lightbringer shot on both of them and
gets the double kill like that that kind
of Oh, that's just cinematic genius
right there. I I agree. But Kavi
actually made the plays that were
important. Nah, he's a starter. Don't
worry
about no no.
True, true. He's just He's just playing
Scarnner at the end of the day. Uh, do
you know who? Actually, I've I've got
another shoot in for MB for for Top
Esports. Do you want to hear it or
should I keep it to myself? Sure, why
not? Let's hear it. I think maybe Mo
might have a pretty good shout here. I
knew it was coming. I knew it was
coming. I think there's a good there's a
there's a very strong chance that it's
it's him. Uh, you know, that was one of
the biggest support diffs I've seen in a
long time.
And it's Chris and Mako. Like, these two
guys are perennially some of the best uh
supports in the league.
All I'm saying is if if
gone with the the what did he hover
instead of the Blitzcrank? The Raon. The
Rakan. Should he have gone for the And
the answer is
yes. the it's it's just you like the
Blitz Crane. Come on. If it if it's not
Look, I like the Blitz until I saw how
it got bloody
piloted. Like uh hell, there's even an
argument that maybe Mako should have
just taken away the the Nami, right?
Like genuinely just maybe she should
have taken away the Nami um and then
just gone, "All right, play the Millio
and and we'll deal with it."
Um but no alas here we are uh not in
that situation and uh goes for the more
volatile pick and this is the uh game
state that we end up in unfortunately.
So do you have any thoughts for Top
Esports going to AL tomorrow as that
will be their next opponent before we
get to MVP?
If they play like this tomorrow Al is
going to wipe them unless unless AL
You know, I feel like they themselves
have had some pretty weird individual
games, but they they feel a little bit
more consistent to me overall. Um, I
feel like the the biggest downside right
now to Al's play. There's two two. It's
occasionally Flandre and and Shanks kind
of fly off the rails, right? Uh, and
they they do make some kind of weird
individual plays. Uh, but then the other
one is they just need to not overcook in
the draft. I think that the one thing
that we always talk about with Tab and a
lot of the projects and and teams that
he handles is usually the biggest
positive is the drafts, right? The the
theory behind them is very very solid.
But in this fearless setting, it does
feel at times like the way that he
allows the players because, you know,
players actually have a large input in
draft. I think the way that he drafts
alongside the players occasionally puts
them in weird spots where it's like,
hey, if we lose like a singular fight 5
minutes into this game, it's it's just
done. Like there's nothing we can really
do uh to win. I think there was actually
a series very recently, but I'm not sure
if it was AL, but something makes me
think it was AL. It's just that they
haven't really been playing a lot of
Kalista. Uh mostly because it also
remains pretty perma for a long time. Uh
but yeah, that's it. Those are the two
main things. If they get over that a I I
could see very easily winning this
series. Be a fun series. Fun series for
sure, especially after this one. A
little bit of momentum from Top Esports.
Hopefully we'll be getting the MVP soon.
Maybe they're just deliberating so much
as long as we've had to wait for the MVP
going through here. But uh hopefully
they'll be giving that one out. It's got
to be Jackie Love. The guy popped off on
the Lucian. Uh, and I just love it
against the Kaisa skin that Gala tried
to whip out and take him down with his
own skin. I love that moment when he
like he tried Gala tries to back in the
top lane. The signature goes down and
instantly Jackie Love like turn even
though he didn't have vision on him.
Just made it funny that uh maybe it's
just a little bit of that like natural
instinct, you know, the bat signal if
you will. No, but Jackie Love had a
great series. Memes aside. Yeah. No,
they definitely did. I think he
was the most
consistent. Konavi got
pretty pretty pretty slumped in in game
one as far as the snip situation was
concerned.
Oh my god. Got the MVP.
Running out of talking points, ladies
and gentlemen. It's Jackie Love. Who's
surprised? It is 14 and three.
Peace and love LPL MVP voters.
I'mma let you finish. But Kabi dropped
one of the best individual Scarnner
games in a little while. I'm kidding.
Uh, if there's anybody that got robbed
tonight, it's it's Knight's Zed. That's
who got robbed. If you didn't watch that
series, if you didn't watch that game,
go back. It was a full it all eight of
eight jungle votes for MVP when his Zed
like went absolutely insane. Anyways,
Jackie Love ends up getting the MVP,
rightfully so, in this one. Popped off
on the Lucian against Gala. That was a
premier match up we wanted to watch
tonight. But Jabatada, that means that
is it for us. You have any thoughts,
takeaways here from your day uh dropping
in for this Top Esports IG series? Uh I
mean, first off, it's always very fun to
return back here to to you guys on the
LPL. Uh secondly, Top Esports still do
not imbue me with a whole bunch of
faith, man. I I want to love this team
so badly, but sometimes it's just it's
just difficult. Invictus Gaming
though, they're just IG. What What can I
say? Like you get games like game one
which look bloody fantastic, but then
you get back series kind of like this.
It's weird. They're strange. Uh but they
will continue to make things even
weirder throughout the rest of the I'm
sure. Yeah. And Spirit Blossom is now
blooming on the rift. We'll get to see
more and more from the teams as we move
forward. This was our super day though.
We had all three best of threes. Had two
of them go the distance as well. We'll
be back the normal time tomorrow. But
before we do that, we got to say a big
thank you to our Elite Coffee
supporters, Aaron Soup, Mung, and Forest
Without one of your favorites as uh
their pledged financial contributions
helps level up the broadcast on a daily
basis and give back to the cast and crew
who try to give you a great product for
the LPL English every day. Huge shout
out to all the volunteers, huge shout
out to Kai behind the scenes, uh being
the producer for all three series. I
know it's even longer day for you, so
thank you so much for being my goat.
Jimata, thanks for joining me tomorrow
again. Same normal time for LPL and
we'll see you for that giga banger
between Top Esports and
AL. We're raiding LEC apparently. So,
we'll see you there for some elite
European gameplay that Jamata knows very
well. That I do too well even. Goodbye.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]