What's up, dudes? How's it going today?
Dak Blake here. Today, the clown took us
to a new dimension. That's right. This
is a brand new game from the developer
of That's Not My Neighbor. This is
called One Jump Closer. As I'm recording
this, this game is not even out yet.
It's a secret game. I got sent this
early because I donated uh like a long
time ago to That's Not My Neighbor. And
now we got this. So, maybe as I'm
uploading this, this could be like a
game that's not even out for anybody.
This looks really cool. And apparently
the story is is that the clown has
trapped us and we have to play his game.
We have to listen to his rules. And
apparently we have a like bomb explosive
strapped to us and we can only jump a
certain number of times. You can see him
in the background right there. He's
smiling. He's you think is this a game
to you? Well, actually it's it's kind of
a game. So yeah, this is the same clown
that we see in That's Not My Neighbor.
And I think there's another game, like
another card game with that clown. So,
this is cool. We got like a whole
universe here. But let's see if we could
defeat the clown. See if maybe we could
discover some secrets hidden in there
about That's Not My Neighbor. Feels
really cool. I'm excited. Let's play.
All right. It says, "Let's play a game."
All right. If the number drops below
zero, boom. All
right. Good luck. That's it. That's it.
Wait. Oh, he just says it over and over
again. So, um it is like this 2D world,
this this dimension that we've been
taken to. You could see that we're kind
of just tied up into like a a machine
where if you bounce Yeah. you ruin the
counter. Hold on. I got to see what
happens. If I jump
again. Okay, that's that's crazy. I
didn't expect it to be so explosive, you
know. I mean, I I should have expected
it. Also, he's just yapping in the
background. I heard you, man. All right,
so if we continue forward. Oh, each
level has its own amount of jumps that
you could do, which, you know, it makes
sense. I feel like I could figure it
out. So, you don't jump here, you jump
here. Oh, we have one jump and a saw.
So, I wonder if there's going to be some
like story hidden behind here. How does
he How does he own this facility? You
know, this seems like a lot of space
already. How is he earning money? So, if
I jump like this. Oh, easy. Oh, there's
another person here.
Hello. Are you Are you sleeping? That
Hey, no. Wait, can I like take his
jumps? It's like the first thing I I see
another person in the same like sick and
twisted situation I'm in. I'm like,
"Hey, give me your gems." Or maybe I
could save this person. How would I do
that? So, I drop here. I jump here. Oh.
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait. If I jump.
Can I Oh, I I wanted to maybe help you.
Oh, okay. So, I
I
wait, what? I The thing reset. I got to
see what happens here. Wait, is he not
here anymore? Oh, could I have saved him
if I did it right? Oh, no. Oh, I want to
restart the game now. Okay, so I'm going
to restart the
game. Oh, do I Okay, I did it. Did that
save him at all or no? And what's
this? Oh, what? What happened? Did I Did
I Oh, I
jumped. Why did that scare me? I jumped.
No. Okay. Well, I don't I got a piece of
paper, I think. Man, each of these is
like kind of a a crazy puzzle you got to
figure out. So, I have to jump over.
Will I have enough time to stand in the
center? Oh. Oh, never
mind. I like how that guy's just hanging
there like, "Ah, finally help there.
Woo." And they're just me in the
background
like So, clearly I need to jump, right?
And I can stand right here and then I
could jump
again. Ooh. Okay. So, I guess I guess I
don't know what it means for those
people. Do I get to like save them
somehow or I don't know. I don't have to
do anything here. Oh my gosh. Okay, so
I'm on the right side of the screen now.
I need to click that button, it seems.
Man, these are going really fast. For
some reason, I can't like process it in
my
head. Okay, I'm uh you know what? I'm
just going to keep going here. Okay. And
there we go. And now I have to jump to
open it. Okay. Boom. Boom. Boom. No. No.
No. Okay. All right. Uh, dying a lot to
this one. Ah. Why? Okay. It's simple.
It's simple. I can do this. Go. Okay.
It's just so fast. Okay. Okay. I think I
got it. I think I got it. Okay. Uh, I'm
just going to get the closest I can cuz
it's so
fast. Okay. All right. All right. Hello,
new sir. You're just floating up there.
So I I don't get it. When I jump, they
lose a jump and I lose a jump. So what
does that mean? Could I have done this
in a way that doesn't kill them as
well? Like that? Does that help? See,
now this one is a little weird. I
clearly can't make this jump, right? How
do I do this? It feels eerily silent as
well.
Um, if I jump, I'm clearly losing. Um,
let's try it from here, right? Nope.
What? How would I make
this? There's no way. Hold on. Maybe if
I jump onto here. Jump onto here. Nope.
What do I do here? Is this a trick? Am I
getting tricked? Maybe I just drop. No.
Can I jump and wall jump? Oh, I can. I
didn't even know I could do that. All
right. Uh, so this one's tricky. You
need to jump up to this. You can't fall
into that. So, you have to jump, but
then you only can make it to here. I
only have one jump left. Okay, this is
tricky. This is the first one where I'm
really like stumped. I don't know what
to do. Can you figure out this puzzle?
You know, it feels cool to to play these
kind of like simple 2D games. You get to
see everything kind of from like this
this side view of understanding. You
know, imagine if this was in 3D and
you're just looking around like, where
do I go? All right, we have four jumps.
If we jump like in the the first one. I
mean, we kind of just like have wasted I
have to somehow not waste a jump there.
Oh, I did it. Oh my gosh, I did
it. Okay, now I could jump here. Now I
can jump here. I don't know how I did
that. Oh, I want I want this. Okay. So,
what does what does this get me? Can I
go to the main menu and read something?
Okay. Well, now that I've lost one jump,
I think Oh my gosh, I just I I jump
right into that saw. All right, here we
go. Um, so I have one jump left. So
maybe I get to the edge here and I just
Oh no, there's no way. Oh man, how do I
do this? Okay, I have an idea. If I do a
double jump here, like here, like I go
like this, then I have Oh, then I have
one jump. Then I can just fall. And then
I can fall again. Ah, there we go. Okay,
now how do we do this? It's a fall jump.
Nope. No. No. Oh wow. This timing is
probably really precise. How How do I do
this? No.
No. Oh my gosh. Okay, I think I got it.
There we go. Easy. Well, not easy, but
All right. So, oh my gosh, I just wasted
my jump. You know, we're we're we're 16
out of 30 right now. So, we're almost
done, which with the entire game. And
then I think we get a bunch of just
secrets and lore, which I feel like it
feels like this game is probably meant
for right now. How do I get over here? I
probably have to do the thing where I
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, I have to fall
off. Jump. Oh. Oh, got to jump
over. Oh, and not fall. This is so
precise. Oh my
gosh. Oh, okay. Ah, I'm so focused. I
How many times have I exploded in this
episode? Okay. Oh, I did it. I did it. I
did it right there.
Woo! Easy peasy. All right, my friend. I
see you up there with four jumps. Can I
do this? Uh, hopefully I I don't know.
It's not looking good for you. Oh, no.
Okay. Well, I'm sorry. I I I ruined it.
So, see that person doesn't come back,
right? I don't know what that means, but
I think I was supposed to go like
that and then do that. Yep. All right.
So, if I fall here
Oh, wait. So, I I've already clicked the
button. How does that
work? So, now I have to Okay, I got it.
We're at 19 out of 30. I think we're
doing okay. Uh I think now I have one
jump left. Boom. Got it. Hi. Uh, hi. I
don't know how
to Oh, easy, easy. Oh, no. I'm sorry. I
didn't I shouldn't have Oh, no. Okay.
Well, you know, you live and you learn.
I feel like as you're watching this
video, you're probably looking at the
the death counter on the top right
there, and you're like between cuts,
you're like, "Hey, D Blake, that number
went up by four." Yeah, I died four
times between then. All right. Well, we
are continuing. I don't know how to do
this one. Okay, so if I do Oh gosh,
nope. That's not it. Okay, if I jump
twice. Nope. All right, I got to waste
it. I wonder if you could be really fast
and just like jump straight up to Oh my
gosh. Okay, I keep wasting jumps. I keep
forgetting. Ah, I I really want to like
jump up to this platform and then jump
around, but I don't think so. I don't
think it's
possible. But see, look. I'm running out
of jumps by the time I get to there.
Okay, I did it. Oh my gosh. No. Okay, I
think this is what I'm supposed to do.
It's so difficult. So, what you're
supposed to do is
jump and then you can Okay, now I can
fall. Oh my gosh, that one was tough. We
only have eight more levels. We're 22
out of 30 right now. We're almost there.
All right, so I think these ones,
they're pressed automatically and then
if we die, they're still pressed. All
right, so I've gotten them all pressed.
Oh my gosh, I don't even know how I did
that. Um, I've gotten them all pressed.
So, now I have to just figure out a way
to get up to the top here. And I wonder
if there's like a way that I can like uh
I just keep dying. Like jump right here.
Then I can go like this. Oh no, I'm
missing one jump. See, now if I jump, I
die. Huh. This is one of the hardest
levels now because with three jumps
left, I have to somehow get from here
all the way up there. And I don't think
it's possible. I only have one jump
left. Look. And then there I am. What do
I do? This one is so difficult. Hold on.
I want to go to the main menu and see if
we're getting anything. So, if we go to
play. What? What is this? These are
players. They are. Look. So, who are
these people? I see. So, we're on 22
right now. And I I got like a piece of
paper. What is that? Maybe I get to read
it later. Okay. Okay, I think what I
need to do is somehow land on this fall
and then no jump on there. Okay, so I
don't know where to read those papers
and I am stuck on this level. So Oh, I
did it. I did it.
Okay, come
on. Okay.
Um, we're breezing through this.
Oh, I feel like I feel like these
explosions are too comical to me. I
don't know why. Okay, we should just
move in an orderly fashion here. You
know, you just got to you got to get
with a rhythm and I I'm not getting it.
I I'm doing it too slow. Uh I don't know
if it like it comes across, but like
there's a little bit of a delay when
you're like jumping to like actually
doing something. So, this is me like
just clicking back and forth and you
don't really move too much. So, like you
almost have to like anticipate your
movements slightly ahead of time. Oh,
but see, look. I went too far. Oh my
gosh. Okay. Okay. Okay. I got this. I
got I got this. I could Oh my gosh. I'm
slowing down now instead of speeding up.
Oh my gosh. I almost got it. Okay. No.
All right. Oh. All right. All right. All
right. All right. All right. No. Okay.
Go. Go. Go. Okay. Relax. Calm down.
There's just giant saws that are
exploding you. All right. Go, go, go,
go, go, go, go. Okay. All right. So, I
have eight jumps. All right. Um, what if
I do two, three? Nope. Let's try it. No,
you can only do a double
jump. Oh, okay. Well, I think I did it.
So, now how do I do this? If I go back,
it should use three, right? So, one,
two, three, and then four, five. Okay, I
think. Nope, I didn't use it right.
Okay, so I have to get it. Oh my gosh. I
got to get it just
perfectly. Oh, and I wasn't wasn't
paying attention to the saw blade. Oh,
again. All right, this is really
difficult, but I didn't know. Okay, so I
have to use a jump in order to go into
the button. And then I have to go here.
Then I have to use the saw blade, but I
have to get in front of it. And
then
okay, we have five left. That is it.
Now, if we were doing this, the story
behind it all, if somebody was trying to
do this sick twisted game, you know, we
are now fighting for our lives, jumping
around through obstacles. We are
essentially jumping for our lives,
right? If we're getting to the end, do
you feel this sense of relief or are you
just overwhelmed? Right now, I have to
drop through saw blades. I have four
jumps that I could possibly do. Um, and
I think what I'm going to do is like I
have to wait for the Oh my gosh, I lose
right away. I have to wait for the
perfect moment. And I imagine trying to
do this at
like perfect timing. Okay, I actually I
you could see that I clicked the button.
I was able to fall at the perfect
timing. And I don't know how I did it. I
think that's what you have to do in
order to beat this one. You have to just
while it's going. I don't I don't know.
It's like a
perfect. Let's see. Almost. I almost
fell there. Hold on. I got this. I got
this. So, it has to be right here and
there. No. Almost. You I just almost
have to feel like I got to guess it.
Just random random random random
falling. Almost, man. Oh, I did it.
Okay. So, I have to go and then I have
to go here and then I have to go there.
Okay. Oh my gosh. Okay. So, this is an
important one. I think I just need to
fall and I only can have two extra
jumps. I could save that person. So, how
do I do this? I would have to I don't
think there's a way for me to fall down
right onto it. It's a trap because if I
do, then I just get hit by the saw. I
would have to jump once. So, I have to
wait till it's down. So down down down
down. All right. You know, at least I
didn't jump, right? Oh my gosh. I
jumped. I I'm so sorry, man. You're
done. You're done. I I can't. All right.
You know what? This is what I was
supposed to do. I was supposed to
somehow jump like that and then fall.
Okay. This is too fast for me to
comprehend. I don't know why. And then
there we go. That's what I was supposed
to do. Ooh.
All right. Um, I already clicked
it and then
28. Oh my gosh. Okay. This one is just a
move fast, I think. So, as we're moving,
I don't know if it if Oh my gosh. It's
like what the perfect timing of this
would be would be like, would I want to
jump like when it's right close near me
like that? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So, now I
can do that. Oh my gosh, I just fell.
Ah. Okay. So, this is becoming a rage
game. So, I have to wait until it's like
Oh my gosh. Right there. And then I
jump. Oh, wow. Okay. So, then when do I
jump? So, then do I jump now when it's
closest to me? So, right now, no.
Because then how would I do this? Cuz
somehow I have to get over there, but it
it's going to be coming around at the
same time. I think I have to do it at
like the perfect timing, right? See, cuz
you have to beat
it as it's going. And I don't know when
that would be. And this is almost it.
This is like the last almost the last
level. So, it's probably going to be one
of the hardest. Oh my gosh. I keep
thinking I could drop onto that. All
right. All right. All right. All right.
Uh maybe that's the way though. Maybe
that's the way. Let's see. So, if I jump
All right. All right. I can't I can't do
it. No. I get really impatient, I think.
All right. I just timing. There we
go.
Okay. So, you can't
fall onto the platform down there
uh from there. So, you have to you have
to time it perfectly. Let's do a little
test. Okay. So, yeah, you won't you
won't fall onto that platform unless
maybe I do a jump. If I do a jump a
jump, I will have two left. So, maybe I
can
No, I had to do it faster. Okay, let's
commit to something really fast. Ah, I I
missed my jump rate. Okay, so if I jump
Oh my gosh, I'm so bad. Okay, let's try
this. So, I'm thinking we jump down to
the platform down there and then we have
to immediately jump again.
So, oh no, I was close. I was close. I
can do this. I can do this. This game is
going to make me go crazy. No. Okay. So,
I jump. I
wait. Oh, no. No. Okay. Jump. Jump.
Okay. And then we go fall. No. Oh my
gosh. I'm jumping at the wrong times.
Okay. I got this. I've been doing this
one. No, I missed it. The jump. Okay. I
have to try again. Okay. As I jump, I
land. All right. Then I go bounce.
Bounce. No. Okay. No. I have to jump
across uh this platform right here in
one jump right here. So from there to
there. So as I go I have to land
perfectly and then immediately follow it
up with that. Okay. No. Oh my gosh. I
had it. I had it. I had it. No. I I had
two jumps. I'm going to go crazy. This
clown is making me crazy. All right.
This turned into a rage game. I I feel
it. I feel it. You know, it's kind of
like if you're playing like an uh an
obstacle course, an obby in Roblox, and
then all of a sudden it just becomes
impossible. Okay, so with this boom. All
right, so I don't even know what those
papers are, but this is 29 out of 30. So
I
assume that I do that. I jump over. Oh
man, there's no way this guy down here.
How would I only do this in one jump?
Yeah, I can't. I'm
sorry. I don't know what to do for you,
man. I think I did it, though. Oh, wait.
No one can
escape. Okay. Well, how how am I going
to do this? I have nine jumps. Can you
guys see the mathematical possibility of
jumping across this chasm? Oh my
gosh. Can I just get lucky? Oh my gosh.
No. No. Okay, so I have to
Oh my gosh, I almost did it there. Oh,
okay. All right. I'm going to get so
annoyed at seeing the clown going crazy.
Oh my gosh. I don't even know what I'm
doing. Honestly, it's just a guess. I'm
just going to Oh, wait. Could I have
jumped there? I'm just going to keep
going. Oh, I was so close. Come
on. Oh my gosh. How could I do this?
about 134 deaths. And I think I
restarted the game, right, in order to
like see what the the messages were. And
I I am not I cannot do this one. I think
I think I'm just going to keep trying. I
mean, with nine jumps, we don't get much
of an option. No, it's going under
everything. I can see it. Okay, hold on.
I could do it. I can do it. I could do
it. No, no, no, no, no, no. I got it. I
got it. I almost got it that last time.
I I just I'm dying constantly.
Oh, so close. I'm so close. Come on.
This is This is agonizing. It's We're
right at the finish line and I can't do
it. No. Okay. Come on. Come on. It
almost is like a feel. I can't even like
describe it. You have to just almost
like get lucky and get the perfect
timing cuz look at this. This is
incredibly
difficult. I did it. I did it. I did it.
You may have managed to escape, but we
will meet again. Woohoo. All right. So,
what did I get to unlock any of the What
was all the papers that I picked up? Do
I get any secrets? Do I get to read
anything? Look at these people. Who are
they? Or did I unlock the ability to
play as them, maybe? So, I click this
and then I am I am I Oh, it's a skin now
that I can play as. So, it's this this.
Okay. But what were the papers that I
saw? Cuz I saw paper in this one. What
is that? That's like not necessary to
get, right? Or maybe this is like I
mean, this game is not even out yet.
This is like early early access. I
wonder if that paper is going to be
something later, but I don't know. I
don't I don't see anything. I'm just
kind of proud that I beat the whole
thing. Honestly, I'm terrible at
parkour, terrible at courses. So, I'm
surprised you you saw a lot of failing.
I wonder if there's a person who could
do this entire game without losing one
time. But we were taken to another
dimension by the clown. It's kind of
like imagine if we were playing That's
Not My Neighbor and instead of playing
the card game for one of the nights, you
play this. This would be like in order
to survive the night, you had to get
through like, I don't know, 10 levels.
Kind of like a short version. That'd be
crazy. That's kind of what we did here
today. Uh the developer uh of the of the
original game, That's Not My Neighbor,
is is making some crazy stuff. So
hopefully you enjoyed. It's kind of a
quicker video, you know. I hope I made
you smile. You're probably just laughing
at all of the fails that I've done. But
hey, if you're if you're new, I
challenge you to subscribe while closing
your eyes and jumping. And actually, is
that too easy? You're just like, I have
a remote. Easy. All right. You can't
touch the device. You have to jump and
then somehow find the subscribe button.
I don't know. That was That seems kind
of difficult, but if you manage to do
it, I welcome you to the Dakpack as we
get closer and closer to 4 million
subscribers. It is insane. It is
mind-blowing. Like I always say, I just
I thank God every day that I'm able to
do things like this, playing new games,
playing mods, all to make you smile. And
hopefully I can make you smile in the
next episode probably coming up right
now. I'll see you there. Thank you guys
for watching and as always, peace out,
my dudes.
[Music]