nobody
[Music]
safe nobody sa soon as we step out the
C putting you on the play look at put
the fear in the dirt we had to struggle
for change we put in infinite work
that's why yunning late we moving on to
the next you still been stuck in the F
no debate the Line in the Sand we say
straight to your face they under rap so
we put the team on our back we took the
city to State what it's going to take
another s on our chest another beat in
the grave we in the face weing it up
they can't predict what we say come out
the cave they see the blood on our shirt
they see the teeth in the F they
watching Team still trying to figure
what's out they think we came in a play
they sending snakes they trying to give
us a curse they want to sing the face
that's okay we keep on dodging the we
keep oning the blocking the
reverse but we keep rushing the gate
stopping the rain we know the it's
looking easy to take we not afraid we
put the fear in their bones ain't no one
running away they trying to chase they
trying to follow our steps they trying
to copy the way whole name that's why
they keep get in Cur you got to stay in
your lane they want to claim that we not
giving them work like this is minimum
wage why you can Che in
the
you comeing with
a 2 1
nobody
nobody know I do this for my folks for
my mama and my po I don't care you the
cops anybody could
get my better take shot if you miss then
this fist going to be C in your clock I
don't care you the or the or an OP if I
stret out these hands they prepared to
get rocked if your friends said that you
had a chance understand that
they my jumped in the ring and I started
swinging came from the jungles drunk
demons fighting them off in the colise
stud
meat
as
[Music]
2 1 2
nobody
[Music]
no
sa s
w
he