with great success also comes a great
curse the better you are at something
the more people will try to borrow from
you which is not inherently a bad thing
it is good to have competition that is
pushing you
forward it is bad to have people who
just steal your game and when it comes
to Riot this is definitely nothing new
for them in fact in the past Riot won
quite a few fights against copyright
infringement all of which was definitely
Justified and yet again only two months
ago a whole new Challenger has arrived
and you know it's going to be a fun one
when you launch the game
using that icon the game I'm talking
about is war spell team tactics
RPG I wish I made that name up at first
glance you may notice that this is not a
MOA a proper MOA would take a bit more
effort to make no Instead This is the
ruling king of mobile games which is AFK
fighting you know rate Shadow Legends
and yeah as you can see it doesn't
really look like a Big League of Legends
ripoff look it even has its own cutcenes
submit to me Cassandra what what are you
doing let's make some babies my
king but the curse begins when you
actually look into the playable
characters I say playable but it's AFK
fighting it's an oxymoron also all
credit for the footage goes to player 7
I am not installing this game on my
device so let's have a look at the
character that's on the front of this
game
Arthur that's just Garin no I really
mean that's actually garen's animation
from Wild Rift it is literally
reanimated frame by frame down to the
camera work but what's worse if you look
at the background
that's Deasia like that's just a
repainted version of the demasian
background from Wild Rift well we are
off to a great start next we have
questionable mixture of cane and thresh
but you'll see that this is not really a
thresh that one comes later though it is
weird to see uh the kamavor and sigil on
his clothing anyway also you may notice
that as we go through all of these
characters um they do have doran's items
like literally
those are doren's items from League next
there is roro which I might say is
actually a pretty cool original
character this one actually looks cool
why does he have Karma's abilities and
also the ultimate is traced from ailos
oh god let's move on to um uh Frosty
Leona like yeah I really mean that's
Frosty Leona once again it is reanimated
from Wild Rift no to be f Fair her
abilities are actually anivia SK
anivia's wall and D passive so she's
ripping off three Champions at once
after which there is omy another
original character I mean as original as
a fairy can be but to hide the Ripoff
they had to use the old maokai's
ultimate after which there is Nikita a
character that can be summarized as the
daughter of civer and Karina take that
for what you will however she's actually
not using Karina's
abilities that is Talon and civer
abilities also once again did you see
the background like that is literally
just noxus it's framed exactly like
noxus is in Wild Rift I am constantly
using the wild Rift backgrounds in all
of my videos I know this place godamn
well well let's move on
onto the evoker from DotA
oh well next Ah that's
twitch with teo's abilities all right
quickly next one okay Vincent Vincent is
an original character there is no
ripping off with the cloak it is just a
coincidence that it looks like rakan it
is some kind of a theasian
puppeteer no links to
Jin absolutely no links with the splash
art whatsoever all right golper all
original name definitely doesn't
indicate what the champion is actually
doing in the game and it has no relation
to Tom Ken at
all none next
nard okay to be honest this actually
looks pretty dope it is some kind of a
gnome flying on a mechanized wasp though
he does have I believe hinger W so how
about w a pretty generic dwarf with a
rifle who has just about every ability
from either Graves or Tristana oh wait
that's a misfortune's e I believe and
then finally we had to have raan so now
we have
Z like that's that that's just Z all of
her abilities it's that's just Z and
then there is
scova or is it Pantheon well the user
miio discovered that yes it is in fact
Pantheon with the animations yes yeah
yeah that's it and of course next there
is Iliad the male version of kale I
really appreciate not only the abilities
just being KES but also he has the
taroni sigil on his chest like that's
just the icon of the tonian spear and
finally there is quip a mixture of jinx
and LeBlanc which is in reality just a
jinx like yeah you'll see that
personality wise it is it's just fantasy
he Jinx she doesn't have rocket
launchers but she has magic and staffs
and Wands and she's a wizard I guess so
um why does she have Twisted Fate
abilities oh well
Lyra why does she have evine's heart
like really that's the shape of Evelyn's
heart you know with the little Thorns
that that are mimicking her
tails what the hell is going on
Gore that's alist and
orn that's it he has axes though but
then there is also iOS a totally
original character from the north
wielding a big
Club who is an orc not a troll it's not
a troll this is an orc very big
difference also I am pretty sure that's
Alistar Q then there is dead
May okay all jokes aside it is just
Wukong down to the clones and everything
which is followed by thus now this is
actually a genuinely cool design it is
such a shame it is just ripping off
Vladimir nope that's a lie when you look
at the abilities it is in fact Swain
that's what the big hand and the Demonic
themes are about but then azir got a big
upgrade so big that his normal kit was
not good enough so they gave him uh
syndra's ultimate and her W I'm pretty
sure then you can see that Jenna started
appreciating lightning a little bit more
she did still keep her q but uh she also
got Zero's and Canon's abilities on top
of that but
then then we get the counterpart to
thresh now how do we know this is thresh
despite the fact that she does have the
Lantern and she is on the shadow ises
well yet again it is the animation which
was straight up ripped off from Wild
drift but don't worry there is another
character that is also ripping off thres
and that is AA
yeah I've seen that ability somewhere
before but of course we also need some
voidy abilities so there is also zat
Roose who's also using the apostrophe in
the name because uh that's how you know
it is a void born even though this thing
has nothing to do with void or anything
like that though it does have Rex siiz
borrow ability and then there is
Lilia it's it's just Lilia yeah it's
it's it's it has the bowling ability and
soraka's healing abilities which is
followed by Zed that's just Z down to
the abilities down to the fact that it
summons
clones down to of course the animations
and yes just to confirm that the Jinx is
just Jinx and not LeBlanc there is an
actual LeBlanc again she has the Clones
she has the magic that's her now
apparently this game also has the Titans
which I think are supposed to be the big
bosses which you AFK fight one of which
is a big Frosty guy with a
shield uhhuh all right with another
Titan being
[Music]
shivana it's it's Shiana but yeah that's
really what I wanted to show you this
game is just full of ripoffs most of
which are aimed at Wild Rift but I
wouldn't be surprised if some of these
actually came from do the thing is if
you look at their official website which
is quite tiny to be honest you can see
that the official art actually looks
awesome they had to have some insane
artists working on all of these but at
the end of the day all of those designs
are just ripped off like for some of
these even the splash art is just taken
from League be it n Splash art which is
used for the benthan Ripoff or just
trade up a gin clone not to mention that
yet
they do also have Vigo who is walking
through the portals which you know
that's what he did using the black mist
and yes they do also have their own
world map which is kind of as generic as
you can really get with the world map
it's just bunch of regions with hard
Cuts between the environments there is
no reason for a desert to be where it is
and there is no reason for the desert to
kind of have like a hard cut off
normally the regions would kind of spill
into each other like they are supposed
to but who cares what's important is
that all the hard work was done for them
by other artists who designed some
really cool Champions and uh yeah that's
actually Jinx like that's actually like
forti uh is not going to be happy about
this
[Music]
one