here are two things Riot needs to add to
valorin number one is roll CU how many
times have you loaded into agent select
and three people instantly lock du list
and all start fighting before the game
even starts the reason this doesn't
happen in OverWatch is because they have
a roll queue system before you queue up
for a game you choose which role you
will play such as duelist Sentinel
initiator or controller this makes it so
that whenever you load into a game you
can only select Agents from the role you
queued up for which ensures that you
always have a good team composition
while combating install loocking number
two is a kingdom credit reor right now
Kingdom credits are incredibly
underwhelming why not make it so that we
can use them to purchase radianite or
even small amounts of VP it feels like
such a good currency system that was
used in such a boring and stale way I
think everyone would love it if you
could grind Kingdom credits to get cheap
skins instead of stuff that nobody
really cares about