the secondary consideration to that is
okay how quickly does he climb because
no one should expect a day 0% win rate
um of course Mia had that we nerfed him
right away because obviously Mia was
overpowered and that's fine um Brier we
micro patch nerfed because she had a
like 32% win rate um on day Zero uh we
we buffed her and then of course we had
Nerf her over time but I think it's
reasonable to say like okay well here's
Master we expect out of the champion
here's the day one we expect and and
then you know tuning that in mind right
totally fine the secondary Point here is
I do think that long-term if we were to
fast forward six months Quay would
probably be considered an overpowered
Champion I don't think Quay is weak uh I
I don't I don't think this Champion is
actually a weak I think people are still
learning him we are still seeing his win
rate climb uh we're getting I want to
say around 1% win rate every one to two
weeks which means if we you know fast
forward 8 to 10 weeks in the future
we're probably getting pretty close to
50% on this Champion um obviously it's
going to slow down over time of course
it's Lo down over time uh that's fine