[Music]
dark back from the dead is a miracle do
they counted me out Moment of Truth
counting it now I'm the story was down
for the count back on my feet back with
a M back on the beat back with a family
back in the streets the game W lock I
stand with the keys standing my ground I
aming a fle standing my ground I am
pling my feet taking a stand he Wasing
my destiny shaking his hand flipping the
script changing the plans on through the
top of them taking the fans making them
jump making them dance making them jump
making them dance we about to change the
game we out here taking names let our
voices rise let them Reach the skies we
about to change the game we out here
taking names let our voices rise let
them Reach disguise hior nior do giving
them more that we got kick on the door
try to knock but nobody answered I'm
going hard to Taking My Chances I give
moving I keep advancing keeping it
ganger getting the and I'm happy to earn
them Mr I'm vitious I'm vicious Mr
determined right in the storm focus on
Rainbow connections like Kermit the
water on my shoulders it was a burden
now I don't notice it everything turning
everything shifting doing it different
I'm floating I'm drifting sh of the
slums around the world where I'm lifting
doing the big we about to change the
game we out here taking name let our
voices rise let them Reach the skies we
got to change the game we out here
taking names let our voices rise let
them Reach the skies we got to change
the
game we to get
it we got to change the
[Music]
game let's
go