let's do a quick mechanics check before
we get into the video try to keep your
mouse on the target dummy or Trace with
your finger if you're on
mobile let's do that again with a
different camera movement but this time
I'll help you out make it a little bit
easier and highlight the target for
you one last time might be a little bit
difficult but try your
best so the whole point of that was to
demonstrate the relationship between
Target s and camera movement first we
had lock screen then pushing the camera
of the mouse and finally leaving the
camera still now I'm going to take a
guess as to which one was the easiest
and if I'm right you have to do me a
favor and subscribe all right you ready
lock screen do that surprise you it must
have been the easiest because for some
reason everyone locks their
[Music]
F so the default binds and League of
Legends are absolute garbage in my
opinion the qwr part is fine it's just
that they use the entire number Row for
items and trinket when you're almost
never going to have have this many items
also your pointer finger is absolutely
overloaded with both Summoners being
there as well as being responsible for
your e and r key if you're a normal
person I mean if you're a four-finger
player like this I immediately suggest
you just take off the bib and join us in
the adult World save that pinky for
modifiers and keep your hand in a better
position the FKS to select your allies
are also absolutely ridiculous how do
any riers expect this to be used when
most people just AFK their fingers on
QDR the entire game okay but in the
interest of time I'm not going to go
over every single gripe I'll just show
you my binds and we'll go from there
first we need to put our camera on wsd I
mean [ __ ] obviously right that's the
title so make sure your camera Moon
speed is also not zero for some reason
it starts at zero just move it to 50 by
default Now set up your abilities on 1 2
3 4 and your Summoners on QE this
offloads your non- flash bind to your
ring finger your flash must be on E this
is non-negotiable your pointer must have
the most important bind because your
other fingers are probably worthless in
dexterity in comparison there's no flash
on D or F it's e [ __ ] the items
are the only place I'm okay with people
doing Alternatives they tend to not be
used too much and even when they do five
and six are okay for me because I have
long fingers and I play Tetris but if
you're a noob with low APM and or short
fingers you can just bind them to a
closer button or even like a mouse
Button as for your trinket just use the
middle Mouse button saves you a bind now
before I give you tips on how to use
these binds you need to understand a
couple of things so you know why you're
using these binds now before we go any
further we first have to talk about DPI
DPI stands for Dots per inch and to put
it super super simply it's basically
just how quickly your cursor moves
relative to how much you're moving the
actual physical Mouse again to put it
really simply a lower DPI means that you
have to move your wrist SL arm if you're
disciplined a lot more but the slower
cursor movement allows you to be a lot
more accurate and a higher DPI means you
don't have to move as much but you'll
probably be a lot less accurate given
that your cursor jumps around a lot
faster ultimately it's a preference
thing but I will recommend that you
become a lower DPI player around 800 or
so especially with these binds and just
get used to picking up your mouse if you
have low mouse pad space and
incorporating the arm a lot more to take
the load off your wrist for longevity
just for example this is how much I have
to move to get my cursor from one side
of the screen to the other the reason
why I recommend this is because if you
don't have to move the camera with your
mouse anymore you can place your cursor
where it needs to be at all times in the
game accurately with the lower DPI now
remember at the start of the video where
I had you track people with your mouse I
want you to watch some of the gameplay
clips and just pay attention to where my
character camera and cursor are and I
think you'll understand this a little
bit better if you'll notice I rarely
have to move my cursor away from my
character and the reason why this is
really important is something I'll go
into the future video but put a simply
I'm always ready to move my character to
dodge to change direction or aim at my
opponent and the advantage I have over
lock screen players is that I can see a
lot more of what I need to see for
example right here I land a spear and
there's no point looking to my right so
I pan to the left and back to an earlier
example with a Varys I don't need to
look at anything behind me here I simply
need to look at where Ezreal is actually
going to go or possibly go and I
basically hold my cursor where I think
he'll e almost like uh almost like I'm
playing valerant you know waiting to
click ahead the advantage I have over
Mouse pushers is that on top of the [ __ ]
I mentioned earlier I can be a lot more
accurate with my camera movement as to
where it goes because holding a button
down is different than holding your
mouse at the edge of the screen as well
as the most obvious difference which is
that I have a button for each Direction
while you have to move your mouse back
and forth if you wanted to pan between
two directions here's a Quick Clip I
filmed to demonstrate this look at this
[ __ ] you Mouse pushers I can move four
directions whenever I want because I
have four buttons look right and then
left right and left down up whatever I
can go up and the right meanwhile you
have to do this you have to do this you
have to push you have to push I need to
look here now oh I need to look here now
I got to push my [ __ ] how can I EQ and
do that at the same time [ __ ] you also
for the people who hold down space bar
the entire time to Center camera and
releas it when needed first of all what
the [ __ ] but also if you're used to that
kind of jarring movement absolutely go
ahead that's totally fine but I would
just generally recommend a smoother
process okay to summarize we have three
distinct ways of playing I'm not saying
that they're the only ways to play I'm
just making it simple you can obviously
do a combination of things and I'll link
you this time stamp if you're nitpicking
so you can shut the [ __ ] up all right we
have have peral lock screen pushing the
camera while censoring space bar and WD
bance here are the pros and cons lock
screen allows you to never worry about
moving the mouse to the edge of the
screen but you'll inevitably Miss
details off screen because you're too
busy staring at yourself pushing the
camera manually while centering with
space bar allows you to see more but
your cursor will have to constantly
readjust to the centering as well as
pushing which means you'll inevitably
have some bad inputs like if you're
pushing the screen to the right but you
have to move your character to the left
at the same time WD gives you both
camera control as well as cursor
placement now the only downside is a big
one it's entirely dependent on your
skill so how do you actually get good at
this well simple make sure you're
resting postures on WD and whenever you
need to use abilities just move your
hand up to 1234 seriously that's that's
it just move your hand back and forth
between wsd and 1234 you don't have to
do both at the same time as long as you
are constantly pushing your camera to
where it needs to be before the action
happens if for some reason your camera
is entirely off your character character
you can still use a space bar the center
camera if you absolutely need it okay
and with that I hope you go and try
these sort of things it'll make you a
way better player I promise you
seriously this is the best coaching
advice I can ever give anyone you have
terrible camera control I can almost
guarantee it the moment you get that
down you're going to be a way better
player you're going to miss a lot less
details and lower your DPI okay good
luck and also Starcraft 2 is a free
download go work on that APM okay thanks
you reached the end of the video give me
a like comment subscribe after Arena
viewership boom gone absolutely gone so
gameplay commentaries probably not stons
at all I'm going to just go ahead and do
all these meta reports and like little
analysis videos on how to play better or
something that's probably all I'm going
to do okay until until next R thanks for
watching click one of these thingies or
something I don't know