on that look
kill they are trying so
to
I'm
self
I
again an
EMP
[Music]
and
[Music]
let
[Music]
guve
I'm
to
[Music]
I
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I I'll be I let and I and I but it's
usess
[Music]
every I
[Music]
Ive Lear I guess I'm still learning how
[Music]
[Music]
to
got a moner out of me you better watch
out if you a road ahead of full prophecy
to be the greatest Beast of wood has
ever seen I feed him every day with the
bones clean I feed him all the hate and
he grows me he getsa real big pissed off
quick and if you cross him you might
drop dead metaphorically of course in
this never getting bored loves the blood
and G was want more freedom from The
Source they don't really understand
until they feel theart if you start
you be hardless in the darkness P quick
you left Stars RI to be chewed up and
discarded
ity I expect it once it's in your mind
it's infectious so fight for your life
and reject it you better give me space
I'm protective my adrenaline spikes when
I'm threat
and if you stay in my way I'm agressive
CU When there's it when I'm
[Music]
desperate
leg he's back better than I can feel my
heart rate adrenaline pressure it's
Stormy Weather lightning thunder pouring
yo I'm a Gog try to do it like me better
do it better I got a mind that's clever
the Beast inside is competitive as ever
I'm conscious my subconscious an accomp
to me I promise the darkness I can
honest believe but don't cross me I
might lose control of the Lost Beast he
the way inside with the key control by
Fire Fly and this world ain't won't
accept it negative energy I expect it
once it's in your mind it's infectious
so fight for your life and reject it you
better me I'm protective my adrenaline
spes when I'm threaten and stay in my
I'm agressive when's it'll when I'm
desperate
[Music]
I'm
desate