valerent is getting a new update today
patch 8.01 is coming out today and we
will be getting some new changes first
sky is getting nerfed again her flashes
will no longer regenerate during the
round her flashes will also
automatically pop when the timer runs
out making fake flashing a lot harder to
do enemies now also get an indicator on
their screen when her ultimate Seekers
are getting near them next ISO is
getting buffed the shootable orb will
now stay in the air for 3 seconds
instead of two giving you more time to
shoot it his overshield duration has
been increased from 15 to 20 seconds and
the size of his overshield is now
smaller so you don't stand out as much
the cost of his wall is also reduced to
200 credits instead of 250 next Breeze
is getting a big change and Halls is now
an open area of the map again also the
Ember clad bundle was just leaked as
well as close-ups of the skins