[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I
[Music]
uni
[Music]
[Music]
for
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
te
[Music]
[Music]
e
[Music]
[Music]
te
that is your chance to be Hey kid don't
ever let them get inside your head
they'll tell you what to do in life
instead of everything you know that you
could get don't let them guide your life
towards a gret I'll fight for what I
love with every breath my past is filled
with things I won't
forget I use them all to push me to my
best so treat the worst of times just
like a test if only I could go back in
time I tell myself that everything will
end up all right just push yourself test
yourself figure out what you like and
find your limits don't be rigid always
work towards a prime surround yourself
with open minds people can't change your
life a few friends with the T can help
you feel alive find the passion take
some action and with for little time
just be patient make a statement try to
enjoy your life they'll try to kick you
while you're
down they want to rise up while you
drown they want to fill your head with
doubt they're silently scared that
you'll figure it
out I'll make it look like I'm
losing won't bother hiding my
bruising and when they finally think
you're
wounded then it's your chance to be
ruthless
your chance to be
[Music]
wless they don't want to see me make it
they don't want to see me care anytime I
make some progress I see that they
compare I think everyone's against me
maybe something in the air and I
paranoid I swear a void is forming and
their scare I walk a straight path not
many can say that I'd like to play Fast
cross me and there's payback you better
pray that I don't see your face at any
place that I go I know you hate that
I've been doing
fine I'm not wasting any more
time I look for the fight and the CL and
I think that the pain that's deep inside
is what
defines so I won't give up I'm going to
make it to the top I don't care what's
in my way I swear I'm never going to
stop I can fall F on my face and I swear
I will get back up cuz I don't deserve a
thing and the road ahead is
dark they'll try to kick you while you
down they want to rise up while you
drown they want to fill your a with
doubt they're silently scared that
you'll figure it out I'll make it look
like I'm
losing won't bother hiding my
bruises and when they finally think you
w't get that it's your chance to be
[Music]
[Music]
ruthless chance of
being
[Music]
being
worthless I'll make it look like I'm
losing won't bother hiding my
bruises and when they finally think
you're chance be
ruthless cuz I've been living life right
like I could just die any minute go pull
right down the side PCA CU you livit I
don't need a guide follow the lights
take me where I want to visit are you
alive I'll just
Brea cuz I've been living life right
like I could just die any minute don't
pull right down the side PCH country you
limit I don't need a guide for the
lights take me where I want to visit are
you alive