let me tell you about one of the best
valerant plays that you probably don't
know about what happens here is just so
iconic from Vanity Vanity is a very
smart man vanity is a very smart player
he's not igl he's proven time and time
again that he just has brilliant
awareness and so what he does is he just
kind of goes Boop with the KN and kills
Ethan and you might be thinking how did
vanity know is on the other side
Astra oh my God what when you have an
Astra wall like that it's a pretty
standard place and protocol to be
holding right in that corner to see if
anyone's going to push through to stop
the diffusal I think we should call this
the vanity KN it's tiny but it's just
one of those things where it shows like
oh he is so good he is so smart I
watched it back and I was trying to
figure out like how did vanity know and
watching back the pathing and seeing
everything there's literally no way
vanity could have known where he was he
had no information it was just all his
mind I just think we need to give vanity
a lot more praise for it and atttention
so go tell vanity he's really cool