let me summarize this dog [ __ ] gun this
gun is literally the most broken gun for
anybody who can actually aim
unfortunately 96% of the people who are
going to be using this gun cannot aim if
you spam this gun it's accurate but the
reload time takes three decades I could
have a family and grandchildren by the
time I finish but if you crouch it's
also semi accurate so you guys who only
Crouch like crabs can also hit a shot
this gun is terrible they really just
added a gun for no reason this gun's
like an instigator like that one girl
best friend trying to instigate your
relationship at first it's very fire
everybody's like in tune with it and
then when people realize it's just the
instigator nobody really cares about
your opinion this gun's going to die and
nobody's going to use it