just waiting for your video to catch up
with audio okay here we go where should
I throw the spear a towards where
they're headed B behind them to predict
the Dodge or C where their flash would
land them let's find
out well you clearly suck so why didn't
I present that as an option well it was
to demonstrate
how first things first let's start off
with some general rules to follow
that'll immediately improve your aim as
long as you listen to me and follow them
okay number one I call this the
Tarantino rule in FPS games you're
taught to go for head shots cuz they do
more damage that's fine but in mobile
games like League they actually do
nothing if not hurt your damage output
reason being everyone's hit box is
actually on the ground with their feet
it might be hard to imagine so I drew a
graphic for you to understand but you
don't need to understand this rule just
aim at their feet and you'll be good I
don't really want to explain further so
this means when you're trying to aim
ahead of people if you're shooting from
the east or west simply account for the
fact that you might be aiming for their
head and then
adjust rule number two always predict
this one actually requires a little bit
of explanation but I'll make it very
simple to start so here's the oneliner
now always throw predictions against
players who have played this game for
more than a year so before the game
starts just check their OPG for this
condition don't question it just do it
okay now let's get a little bit nerdy
about it as a caveat I'm going to
explain to you a system of thinking that
will make it easier for me to articulate
and for you to understand but the actual
topic of metagaming is significantly
more complex and timec consuming so I
won't be perfectly accurate and
accommodate all situations put it simply
I'm trying to put it simply so don't
nitpick me YouTube is a game in
and of itself here are the three primary
layers of intent with dodging these
layers repeat themselves over and over
based on the players predictions but
we're going to stick to these three
first because human beings more
specifically mobile players do not play
past these three layer zero is simple
you're not thinking so when a skill shot
comes at you you don't Dodge probably
get hit by a too layer one is what every
player with at least a year of
experience but not required will default
to they will Dodge consciously because
it registers in the brain that that a
skill shot's coming at them Layer Two Is
Where It Gets difficult to understand
because functionally it looks the same
as layer zero where you don't Dodge but
this time it's on purpose why because
you're anticipating an anticipation
let's go over the layers of intent with
skill shots to understand this better
and then come back to this these are the
layers of intent for skill shots layer
zero you're not consciously thinking
about where to fire it so you default
towards where the character would go
this is probably because you're assuming
your opponent's path will remain the
same ler one you anticipate a Dodge so
you fire where you think they will Dodge
and this doesn't necessarily have to be
behind them just basically anywhere but
where they're headed Layer Two now bear
with me here you are expecting them to
run forward because you think that they
think that you will fire a prediction
Beauty in this system is that I don't
even need to film a different clip to
demonstrate layer 2 layer zero and layer
2 look exactly the same from the
perspective of the one dodging if you
think about it there's no difference
between where you're shooting for for
layer zero and layer 2 the only
difference is in the intent the why
you're shooting where you're shooting
which is why from your perspective it is
actually a different shot I know this is
confusing in theory so we'll examine
this in a practical setting but before
we need to do so I need to introduce two
extra rules that govern who wins the
skill shot SL Dodge game first let's
establish that because every other layer
is functionally the same action for
example 0 2 4 6 as well as 1 3 57 we
need to find a formula to win for both
sides so if you are the one dodging you
have to be on the opposite kind of layer
if they're playing an even number like
zero or two you have to be an odd number
layer of thinking like one or super deep
for a human three therefore if you're
the one firing the skill shot you have
to be on the same kind of layer by
default most players Dodge at layer one
this means against most people you
always fire addictions now let's take a
look at this theory in practice I've
used this example a ton but it's good to
start here cuz it's a simple one keep in
mind the rules I mentioned if I'm
shooting at them I want to be on the
same layer I anticipate a default Dodge
so I'm thinking one layer deep he's
anticipating a default shot so he's one
layer deep I win here mf's path is going
to the left and slightly up I fire
prediction deep to her right and she
just barely default Dodges and tries to
correct afterwards but I hit her anyway
immediately afterwards I fire a
prediction towards the Lux but you'll
notice she does not Dodge I hit her
anyway but you have to think about
whether or not it's layer zero or layer
2 do they mean to or were they lazy now
this is where it gets very interesting
you have to make an educated guess as to
whether your opponent intended to do
that or not a really really simple way
to tell is to think about what you look
like from their point of view if you're
constantly firing predictions and they
get used to it they're clearly playing a
layer deeper at level two and now you
have to assume that it is a conscious
decision so the way to beat that now is
to play on the same layer and not
predict and it's exactly what I do here
and just to demonstrate this Lux never
Dodges for the rest of the game against
me could be lazy could be smart so you
don't actually have to learn any of what
I just said I was explaining like that
just to try to appeal to both sides the
Nerds as well as the ones looking for a
quick rule so for the average player
just predict every shot until they catch
on and then you mix it up and for the
Nerds probe your opponent with the first
couple of skill shots you throw against
them to determine what layers they like
to play on then adjust your strategy
accordingly every skill shot you throw
you have to think about what kind of
profile you're creating for yourself and
try to anticipate the opponent adjusting
to you ahead of time this goes for both
Dodges and skill shots you'll notice I
hit some nasty Dodges but they never
once adjust why because I assume they're
noobs so they won't do what I just said
and I just go with the same default
Dodge every single time all right rule
number three use the environment the
environment you run you and your
opponent can be used to read where your
opponent will Dodge in plenty of cases
there will almost always be an
environmental factor or some sort of
detail that allows you to narrow down
your opponent's option
don't want to go over every single case
so let's just go over some super General
cases case number one walls people
generally can't Dodge into a wall
therefore the only way they can dodge is
off the wall and this means that if you
line up your skill shot to be parallel
with the wall or somewhat parallel you
can force your opponent to have to dodge
off of it and then we can also apply
rule number two GG for example here this
dude recognizes he needs to get off the
wall but he gets too antsy and Dodges
again into the wall so I can overlap his
entire hit box of my queue and he has no
outs case number two zoning in a lot of
cases you don't actually have to land at
skill shot to gain value if you fire a
skill shot in a way where either they
get hit by it or take another bad option
you can get value regardless of what
happens for example he is trying to run
away from a gank and can either Dodge or
not Dodge similarly n is trying to gank
and can either fire a normal spear or
prediction spear this creates a 2 x two
Matrix let's go through each case first
we have normal spear versus Dodge n
clearly misses but she zones the into an
auto attack at the very least next we
have normal spear versus no Dodge n gets
a nice hit in and then we have predict
spear versus Dodge nle gets a nice hid
in and a slightly better position
finally we have predict spear versus no
Dodge nly gets nothing look like an
idiot so obviously there are a ton of
factors that can change up the 2 by two
Matrix like them having a dash or maybe
they have a teammate nearby and they're
baiting or they don't have to care about
getting zoned the general principle
still stands sometimes the highest
expected value play is to not throw a
prediction and go for a zoning one
instead aiming straight at them to force
out an option so you need to learn when
to predict and when to Zone on a case-by
casee basis there's no formula there's
only experience sorry buddy case number
three Vision play pushes and Corners are
the most common Juke points because
object permanence is one of the first
skills you learn as a child someone
disappears into a bush you assume
they'll keep the same trajectory they
Juke once they cut Vision not everyone
does this but if they do it a single
time that is a key point of information
about your opponent's profile means
they're aware and now you must play The
Guessing Game when they turn that corner
are they dodging or the keeping path
here are some common Jukes that you'll
see I'm sure you can derive a general
principle from this the easiest way to
counter this is to have vision and spot
so Waring around the corner or the bush
is always an option if you have one but
again by default always predict all
right the final Rule Number Four metag
game now a lot of these topics are
closely related and I'll be repeating
some points but I think it's worthwhile
to do separate categories so it's easier
to focus on one particular thing at a
time all right with that being said some
people are good at this game and others
are emerald the average human reaction
time is about 250 to 300 milliseconds
for gamers I'd imagine it's more like
200 milliseconds but that's probably cuz
like they tend to be on the younger side
but I'll do a more in-depth video on
reaction times in the future to put it
simply Here Pay particular attention to
just how fast some reacts if at all to
your skill shots or often than not there
will be some player on the enemy team
that is just an easier shot than the
rest we tend to call them support
players Jokes Aside if you constantly
play the metag game of watching the
person and not necessarily the character
they're playing you can identify who has
 reactions and maybe even just like
bad ping that you can take advantage of
now I'm not going to feed you
like people tend to dodge left and down
instead of up and to the right because
it's easier to move your mouse towards
yourself than to move it away given
their posture I'm not going to say
like that it's more like small things
you know pay attention like ADC players
like to do zigzags Mage players might
not be looking at the screen when
they're casting long range abilities
some people like to stop Dodge and they
do that pattern a lot some people Dodge
really long with their clicks like a
noob and they just move way too
inefficiently other people click a lot
tighter to the character maybe they're
using wsd for camera or something some
people are robots some people are
absolute trolls you never know
basically just pay attention so I can't
guarantee that you'll become Challenger
overnight following these rules but the
whole point is to become a lot more
aware of not only your opponent's habits
but also your own additionally you'll
probably spend less time bitching at
your teammates if you focus on the
actual game plus it's actually really
fun getting back-to-back reads on people
up your game guys if everyone followed
these rules than we as mobile players
can finally have the mix-up conversation
we're probably still decades behind the
fighting game players not me though I'm
always predicting and so should you hi
you've reached the end of the video go
ahead and click Subs subscribe for the
next video I'll probably put like the
next one here or like the previous one
very nice what's funny is if everyone
predicts if everyone always predicts and
listens to this video then the actual
proper thing to do is to run straight
from now on instead of default Dodge but
then if everyone gets on that layer and
everyone decides to run straight then
the proper thing to do would be to never
predict and always Shoot Straight it it
keeps going it keeps just pay attention
okay thanks for watching