this is the real story of how I got the
right gumd I posted this Tik Tok and a
right employee saw it he looked at my
channel and saw that I have a Discord
server so he joined the server and then
dm'd me from there he told me that he
saw the video and really loved how it
promoted community and valerant and
wanted to gift me a RI gum budy this is
really embarrassing to say but I didn't
know what a riot gum buddy was and this
was also when my channel was just
starting to blow up so I was nervous
that it was a scam so I asked him for
proof that he worked at Riot cuz I could
not believe that somebody at Riot was
dming me he was super nice and
understanding about it and showed me
pictures of the riot campus they have a
coffee shop there so with that I
apologize for being so extra and gave
him my Riot ID and then he gifted me a
riot gum buddy which I'm super thankful
for I make a lot of jokes on my Channel
about how I got it you do for got you I
just show my but