[Music]
for the Masters champions another duel
another win for Durk as he gets a second
look how 10 was trying to take off and
Satchel his way forward but he never had
a chance you can hear that Satchel
ticking away what is
it Cosmic D going to push them back he
tries to get up high is there anyone who
dares show ahead derka with three now
you chant now you ask for
it derka looking for it all he's going
to have to push past the cosmic divide
the fourth and the fifth is still alive
keep your eye on this post PA this is
where things start becoming a problem
they do have the extra body put down to
at least try and pull this retake off B
andj could be the first one forward
trade does comes in delic stays alive
Mao does find Magnum is on der now
theuse could be toyed with not just yet
derka just checks on it for a second
goes back
out huge work he needs a lot of damage
from this three players what do we have
first and he gets two of course he does
it's darker getting the double and
bringing it back to the 3v3 recovered
rifle now in the hands of furier at
darker if he has to do it alone he will
that's so much impact already just about
the bullet goes astray double dips on
towards it but again it's just out of
derker hold on it ain't over yet it
certainly ain't over yet but derker a s
him but the
diffus closer Hunter pulls him away and
that is the man you need to pull you
back into plays fanatic oh you also
don't want to be losing players left
right and Center fnatic are dropping
down to just two all of a sudden new
turn they're way ahead right now Durk is
trying to get a lot of damage done and
he's gotten away with three blade storm
popped only suggest left to deal with
the diffuse has to come through the
right click is so damn strong
wait seconds away one kill another and
it's Angel gone sh The Last Man Standing
the time ticking away he's got to make a
move and he's in a slow field it's
taking so long now I don't even know
that he'll have time to get on this he's
going to try to get it halfway but then
durka swings and confirms it of surprise
durka is left alone the blade storm pops
he's up against an operator and
connecting every single shot a one one
and and part of that is because Alf get
Cam sees him to be heaven and he's not
worried at
all and so durker lines it up right down
the angle a single shot will do it to
the chest sassy don't stand a chance all
up to panata with no time left even play
in this round what can you even do in a
situation have to try and plan a not
likely not when dur is hitting shot
likes this I mean that oh I thought for
sure that the Drone is sped derka but
somehow continues to get away with
situations that he probably shouldn't be
able to positioned here two more to find
oh my goodness derka der's just sliding
it up somehow D is still getting
aggressive this sometimes has been a
massive problem late game when the
pressure is on for derka to go to Hero
plays but it's both Chronicle and Leo
backing him up
there D finds another he's dashing
forward the shock Dart and the gravity
well
expect him to be this far up given the
[Music]
timings but now it's settled down the
Drone to clear the way and D could have
get the kill two oh no that's that's
fine for that first spot for the pride
on the line we obiously D now cleared
out that's lovely work the flash now
bails him out though look at that
oh that flash set up that little one
somehow reloading getting out of there
going back in to fight again but D has
shot him through like 7 ft concrete all
right oh my
God use
my one on the wall on
[Music]
smoke
nice finding just the right moment to
strike
not interested in play and it delays the
push but realistically they are still
making their way around this corner y
needs to be very careful on this peak
but um situation from Loki and sender
inside of B main the smoke went down and
it seemed like they didn't really know
what was happening Yami still going
forward with his operator picking up
every single player he sees this is
ridiculous the frenzy reload and he
still gets away with a fourth one player
remaining and y's going for the ace
connecting it seven
to a ridiculous half from y so far it's
been monstrous this again has been the
most pivotal change in my mind yes
scream went crazy at
lcq but YY moving to full-time
operator situation but look they're
grouped up and ready I don't see how you
get away with this the first at least
he's concealed by the smoke now it
almost plays against them they'll reset
an opportunity here in the 1 V2 they've
still got a haunt to work for the smoke
to fade attempt The Challenge and
there's the haunt it's bounced off the
wall it didn't go all the way to spawn
was able to sneak up a little closer now
he might have been spotted otherwise now
the angle his the first found and now
holy W oh no what a bringing energy into
the matches feeling like they're putting
their best out on the
server and when yam's 9 and one coming
off the back of an ace sure it's an
antio you know he's not facing the most
resistance in the world but even before
this he was still 4-1 winning massive
Duels for his
team he gets cleaned up the timing on
this is good from soulcast as he gets
both I mean finding just the right
moment to
strike not interested in playing this
map much longer that's now three on the
round for
him yam with a nice snap a 1 V2 he
dashes forward the spike has been
planted spam on to two he's not fully
connecting but damage has been dealt
he's gotten it down to one two he's weak
he's been good but has he been this good
no yumpy with three as liquid get the
round isaps he's going to bait the in
he's looking at the wrong angle while a
Miss shot might be the difference Mak
but still having a bullet within that
head hunter as well maybe just enough
for y to try and pull this one over the
line looking for the swing being spammed
out no he's being watched he lands the
shot and it's one bullet remaining
looking to come in from behind they know
where both players are and they're just
trying to hold within the sight be is
definitely not the place you want to be
when it comes to these after scenarios
it can be Ted oh no scope from
y the just going flashy at this stage
push forwards right in between pyramids
Making Waves on the map he will
eventually be dealt with though and it's
a great timing on top of it Y is the
chaos of the situation the chaos of the
ultimate take a great fight shut down
can insane one two play from Scream and
yamp
we' got EDG sweating right now that
shouldn't have been an easy one for him
how many times have we said that what is
this the third antio the EDG are about
to
lose knows the right that was too
distracted and there's your Thrifty win
Split Second but the fastest reactions
in the west coming out of Chronicle has
given them a man advantic without not a
man advantage in Equalization without
killing anyone
y free she comes back with
[Music]
two
down here comes another push though Mel
another threat thetic have to deal
witho for
in Ando Anda feel like they won fanatic
this o i mean Bo just on the minest
touch right now you want a different
Lookout of fanatic Lou you got it
both go down again oh waiting for the
flash but DG they return it and land the
shot now Chronicle back playing close
you expect him here do you expect him
here
no BS bster gets another bster gets
three MW left in this 1v2 with 21 HP and
not a lot of bullets either picks up the
up and I don't think he be able to take
that no Everyone Falls but ftic gets
huge kill out from Cen and they got the
advantage are still here though still
close by he takes a step
back how much more can you find 44 here
on the round sh the spike
down like this deep smoke here you can
control waterfall a lot better that way
still maybe even play up on the S post
just through it look at angel position
he hits the timing right here he can
secure the for meanwhile the rest of the
fight has to hold on the sight they have
to be able to buy time for him but poer
and Leo playing spoiler and they're
going to go aggressive zipan down it's
all on to Angel and he's not able to do
anything both and now it's left all on
to Boer a one versus four he's within
his own Viper spit he's trying to spot
where these remaining players are you
can see the spam he'll take the first
though Kore already gone and he might
have just masked The Sound by being able
to drop down he's going to hear all of
their open fo steps and it's just
spamming within the smoke takes it down
to one and bster cches
the there's so much more agency when you
put Durk on this jet you saw that it's a
double edged sword there that's a good
Al from Mystic but I don't think they
realize how far out they are and so's
here trying to Anchor the sight
himself it's a one for one the one a
flick from
booster oh yeah ftic can find no
answers perhap ABS the answers
durka oh second on the swing derka with
the kill he finds a second he gets it
three on the round for him and Aaron
extinguishes the
fire now it's a 1 V one Astra V Astra
Aaron on the swing poster on the tap
he's going to get it to half and he
swings the second there Aaron
challenged does he take the challenge
does he take the call and Boler gets it
a couple shots to the side of the head
and the diffuse
[Music]
play nobody comes
a you know the second I go B they're
going to
come Spike down
mid one enemy
[Music]
remaining I
guess get one enemy boom boom boom let
me
Sayo down got
[Music]
your surprise two
guys last player
standing I'm back one enemy remaining
cutting
through fake
teleport gone now can zest live is
looking unlikely spam's there they got
him for the supports there as well RB
couldn't quite be clean on the first but
sa waits to pull the trigger spots out
another RB now played in it's poster and
Leo and this is suddenly gone chaotic
look at Leo at the back he's got to
defend and he does he supposed to Safe
popping down some smokes trying to
create themselves some Avenues of safety
but Marco leans on in again critical
value and it's all on Leo back of the
sight backbone of the
team for them oh the timing with the
shots good hold on still a little bit of
time to work with on this one Leo now
pulled back further but he knows that
crunch is coming in eventually can he
get that kill in time no now the
pressure starts to mount Dera taken down
to 65 can they close the gap in time he
was found common create a little bit of
safety but you can see the threat you
can see they had to invest the AL to
deal with it Leo's held them back at the
door and Leo not allowing them more
effective to Zone players away great
shot he's been such a big differen maker
these playoffs so far but quickly dealt
with it's easy for fnatic at this point
it's it's their mistake to make
right and knowing fnatic quite well
rehear rehearsing these situations just
drop back don't give any free fights
you've got a line up in the making of as
well you've got a backside coming in
through showers just wait for f to push
them and that's exactly what they're
doing compos as
ever okay why not Behind Enemy Lines for
a second there yeah if they can remove
killjoy then they're entrenched in B
Main and that sight hit from ftic
through Market door it's going to be way
harder to
commit good push they' got three players
in Stat one but Leo steps in for two
they did not know about the man coming
in deep they manag to start marching
things on for another good start for
ftic too slow there catching off
guard ftic were relatively quiet I think
moving up towards M otherwise I can't
imagine Heritage playing completely out
in the open respect to mixwell shutting
down Boer a situation like that but
still four players surviving on site
with the CT push that removes any
possibility in
round the ball P way through here as
well he playing into that two versus one
mix well left standing against the face
of for feels like fnatic maybe started
shaky in the first two three rounds l so
much utility too but you wonder how they
play this waiting the stairs right at
him oh he turns away it's Leo who holds
the corner gets the kill they still have
to deal with the pin reach St back up
does find Q mw's not in the pit with him
numbers once again in favor of FNA they
left in the face of it last time can
they do it again mw's A 1 V1 8
HP the flash a little bit overcooked
they're already up mid Leo's heavily
pressured there's no one there he was
waiting for the counter Flash oh my gosh
Leo oh my goodness
Leo they're going to go up cat but you
actually have KH ready here he has a
flash the smoke is very good but how
much can he find does he have help
forget the flash he just goes he just
swings and he dies now hunter from M
looking to see if he can find anything
yeah Chronicles tacked up but the spike
does go down almost gets the spam two in
on the door player got
[Applause]
blades alier waiting on the other side
does he check this does he clear this oh
alfier is done D in has a bit more room
to breathe a bit more room to work with
but he's left in this 1v3 we saw a
clutch from a clutch from this exact
position just a few rounds ago this one
feels so much more difficult this one
feels insurmountable but he's gotten it
to a 1 V2 and that's
all but also Leo pretty heavily
committed by why going to be a F line
now a stun as well so Leo can't see too
much does have that t but do he want to
use it after shock into the corner a bit
of spam just finds his targets wow
beaming him down and it's pure Instinct
play but fho has actually found the
kill holy hell how has he done that did
he just find three kills hoodie is dead
and soul how has he done
that no harm no f let's find out
soulcast with three huge kills backto
back bodies make it four soulcast on a
te and fouring oh it's sto HS him down
with the Aftershock laying all the util
straight into the choke point fir in
range for so get the confidence yeah sit
inside inside
[Music]
pushing
[Music]
[Music]
without
wait let me
[Music]
get what the I shot that I
shot is it two
shots oh
[Music]
my
W think I'm dead
no he
on
oh
wait
[Music]
I yeah I think I but this
[Music]
yeah yellow yellow three
three
[Music]
see all
I have good I SM
aing
both
[Music]
[Music]
what are you pissing me
off
[Music]
come on [ __ ]
[Music]
insane
[Music]
this