change this one setting to peek like a
pro with the operator how do you peek
out with an OP cuz I usually just hard
scope and then like slice the angle
typically you don't want to be slicing
the angle too much with an OP because
your character model is really slow when
you're scoped in and your shoulder also
Peaks out what you do see the way Pros
slice they angle with an OP is they
always scope in to Peak and then they
UNS scope to slice the next pie and it's
easier if you have the hold like people
scoping like this I like the like option
to like double Zoom so you can double
Zoom too if you have this like on scroll
wheel I can still hold and if I want to
zoom in more like I have that option
want help gaining 500 R in 8 weeks
guaranteed with me and my team of rating
coaches or your money back then click
this video here