League of Legends season 14 has a new
map which of course will change where we
Ward starting in the bot Lane if you're
blue side things haven't changed that
much you're still going to want to get
to control ward in your own triy Rush
this will keep you incredibly safe
against any junglers coming from behind
and this is a very easy W to defend as
your opponents will have to overextend
to take it after this getting a normal
Warden pixel brush will keep you
incredibly safe with the removal of
river brush junglers simply don't have
anywhere to hide and with pixel brush
being further into the river it gives
you even more warning when they do
arrive other than this you can go for
deeper Wards by getting a ward in your
enemy's Tri brush this will give you
even deeper Vision if they look to
contest you and a new fun Ward you can
go for is this one on Grump where if you
place it about here you can see anyone
going to farm blue or Grump as well as
seeing if any jungle is lurking around
coming through this brush if you're
playing on the red side you now want to
control W your own TR brush this is for
a similar reason where it gives you a
massive early warning against any
junglers coming from behind follow it up
with a warden pixel brush and you should
be pretty safe if you want to go for
deeper Vision a warden your opponent's
try brush is a great option and for even
deeper Vision you can go into Dragon pit
to place a w behind here this can be a
great early warning system for any
jungle is coming for you in the mid
lanane putting a ward simply in River
brush is a great option now where before
it was just an okay place now it's a
great place to Ward with these brushes
being further back this will keep you
very safe otherwise if you're playing
blue side if you want Vision on the butt
side you want to put a control Ward here
and then combine this with a normal Ward
here these two Wards together keep you
incredibly safe this pink Ward here also
stops junglers from invading your jungle
going for your jungler or your Bot Lane
and is also incredibly easy to defend on
the top side you have a few different
options you can go for a control W here
which is a very defensive Choice and
then if you pair it up with a normal w
here it gives you a large range of
vision but a more standard setup may
look something like this where you put a
control Ward here which allows you to
put your normal Ward here these two
Wards together will also keep you
incredibly safe and of course remember
when you ward one side of the map make
sure you lean towards that side of the
map don't put your vision on the bot
side of the lane and then hang out in
the top side of the lane and of course
if your red side here you're basically
going to do the same thing but in
Reverse where for example on the butt
side your control Ward will be here and
your regular Ward will be here top side
warding is now incredibly simple it's
this one brush so throw a ward in this
brush other than this you can control
Ward your jungle entrance to make sure
there's no invades but honestly just
having this one Ward and pixel brush
will give you a ton of safety and I can
imagine Vision in this brush is going to
be something highly contested by top
laners so if you get far enough ahead
that you can get a control ward in this
brush to stop your opponent from having
Vision you will find yourself in a very
strong spot in the lane as you can see
this simply gives you so much early
warning if the opponent jungler comes
for you for Dragon setup on blue side
you ward here and then here in the
jungle entrances this will allow you to
spot any enemies coming to approach and
if they have multiple enemies coming
over the wall or you haven't popped
blast cone and Ward here is good too on
the red side in a similar fashion you
want to Ward your opponent's jungle
entrances so a ward in pixel brush down
here is solid and a ward in the other
jungle entrance is good too however on
red side it's more important to get a
ward over the back of dragon pit to see
any contesters warding Baron is very
similar to Dragon but in Reverse so blue
side will be watering the jungle
entrances and behind Dragon Pit Where
redside will be getting Vision in just
the jungle entrances otherwise good
generic places are in Crossroads in the
enemy jungle for example here and here
on the blue side of the map and all of
these places on the red side of the map
other good Crossroads are when you take
an enemy Tower make sure to Ward there
too two