the night market is back and this time
around I decided that no matter what I
get I'll buy a skin from it even if the
best skin that I get is a sensation
judge I have to buy it all right first
looks we got three pinks one green and
two Blues which honestly isn't bad we
could get a good skin out of this all
right let's start off with the Boran one
let's see what the green is it's a
wasteland Marshall now moving on to the
blues first one is an integrade Spectre
it's pretty garbage and a rush Bulldog I
mean the pinks have to come in clutch
here or I'm going to end up having to
buy an integrade Spectre and I really
don't want to do that all right here we
go the first pink is a Xeno Hunter
Phantom honestly that's pretty mid
hopefully this next one is good and for
the second pink we got the soul Strife
ghost honestly nothing is good so far
this last pink really has to come in
clutch all right moment of truth in
three 2 1 okay the prime classic that's
honestly really
good