right and like that tends to be really
hard uh so like as an example of this
like when I was like reworking uh the
Rengar rework um I was just repeatedly
being told that it was broken and so I'd
keep nerfing it and nerfing it and
nerfing it and nerfing it and the
character ended up coming out at a 44%
win rate but not one that climbed with
time he was just 44 like he was just
Giga Giga bad um and we had to buff him
like you know pretty meaningfully after
that to like get him into a good spot
and it was like what happened was just
like you know whenever he would do his
job it would be very frustrating because
you know that's how assassins go and so
it was very hard to balance and tune him
because Rengar doing his job often
looked like is that okay and a lot of
times the answer is well that's kind of
what assassins do so yeah I think Ekko
was very hard to work on Purely because
it was just this kind of thing of like
is he um is he fair or is he an assassin
and like that was hard to unpack um