[Music]
[Music]
things none of us really born only one
life there ain't no
secet other stay
feace you got good always but against to
be Bel in this place you train like you
never trained before you're going up
against something that you can't ignore
this ain't a game this your life that we
playing with there ain't no reset button
or not switch you got to face the fears
you got to scratch the itch you got to
break through the walls and get after it
only time will tell who's going to make
it I promise you I'mma be the one who's
going to take it I fight I provide leing
Blood on the pavement if you're up
against me then you better be praying
cuz I'll keep punching till my knck
start breaking I'll keep going through
the blood that I'm tasting I won't stop
till they've all see greatness the
battle for my world just started I've
been
waiting and
heroes only time we'll tell who we win
who will
fil no else take a spider by
[Music]
yourself I got this there ain't no going
back leave it all on the battlefield
push the attack you can't stop me I'm
obsessive a lot of people think that I
come off aggressive but I'm just passing
it why aren't you ain't nobody care if
you got nothing to lose you got to put
put yourself on the line made Moves
otherwise you'll be a sheep with the
lies watching you only time tell who's
going make I promise you I'mma be the
one who going to take it I fight I
provide Blood on the P if you up against
me then you better be praying cuz I keep
punching till my KN start breaking I'll
keep going through the blood that I'm
tasting I won't stop till they lost the
battle for my world start been
[Music]
waiting only time will down who will win
and who will
F
in no there ain't no one
else by
[Music]
yourself today is the day don't waste
any time know it's time to make a change
up in your mind rearrange start thinking
you're the hero headed out on your way
there's going to be good times and bad
times that's all right just stay on the
line cuz in life we all got a different
Mission but the good guy always wait
that's if you stay committed you stay
driven you'll be looking down the
barrel like a flame get the fire and you
listen take these words deep cuz this is
real ain't no fiction you don't need
drugs help any prescription just
persistence and energy can win any
competition so keep fighting facing let
your position and be the her in the
story who yourself
written in here
her only will tell win who will
fail
her
[Music]
El want I'm not B I'll make it to the
top I'll take a shot all
over cuz I am not you cross I move
quietly like a shadow there a dark side
to me I work privately to go build and
create my own Dynasty I new rivalry hit
emerg silently but I got fighting me so
squash anything that's trying me I'm
like me for you I hope that you know
what you're getting into I got nothing
to you better watch out can't predict my
moves I'll make you it relevant I don't
stop till I'm at the top settling I live
here like a local resident you know I
ain't
settling
Ione
you