but the thing I'm getting at is an ad
carry support one of the powers an ad
carry support gets access to is the fact
that they don't have to use their Auto
attacks to last hit and so if you have a
lane where both of the people don't care
about Las hitting with their Auto
attacks that's actually pretty scary
sorry don't care about last hting with
their Auto attacks or spells right um
that's pretty scary because it means
they're spending all those resources on
bullying their opponents as opposed to
like interacting with the wave right and
we believe generally that um characters
that are expected to interact with wave
in some way um in each lane is pretty
valuable for the back and forth laning
of League of Legends anyways I don't
know the details of what's happening in
High ELO so I I couldn't say um I
couldn't like say the specifics like I'm
not CAU up on that but I would say it's
like it is definitely a dangerous thing
that we would want to look into if there
are strong viable strategies that
involve both of the people in the bot
Lane not farming