this is the most broken combo in all of
valerin don't believe me then watch this
clip you ain't going to come into this
half ass running the same stuff it's
before the n and the Seas it's gorgeous
and said no fade Seas is the perfect
ability to pair with almost every
agent its radius is huge traps everyone
inside and decays them for most of their
HP Now Ra's pain shells go off quick and
hit like a truck which makes these two a
match made in heaven now the best place
to lob these two are common areas you
know enemies are going to be usually
this is around spawn barriers as you
know that's where players start but wait
be careful make sure that fade uses her
se's before the nade goes out because
this loud beeping is going to alert the
enemies that this combo is coming and
then you won't hit anyone so listen
closely for attackers and let these
puppies fly but if you don't have Rays
on your team don't worry a lot of Agents
have mollies that pair with a sticky
goop just as well now don't call me
crazy for saying that