like it actually feels like cheating I
don't know how to explain it I think
keyboards are kind of like whatever
other than woing woing is the first
keyboard brand that has actually like
innovated like this this keyboard gives
you a competitive advantage and I'm not
even joking I'm not sponsored by them I
bought my own keyboard they even send it
to me actually no one they sent one to
me I have I have a backup uh so I'm
using the one they sent to me but I
bought another one as an extra because
it was that good like I I can't use any
other keyboard after using this one cuz
it's just that good like it actually
feels like cheating I don't know how to
explain it set perk key actuation these
ones were at 0.1 and then my space bar I
put to 3 or 3.5 I don't remember I can't
accidentally jump with my keyboard I'm
on the woing right now I just switched
but it's called a a woing 60 h i Custom
modded the out of this thing so here I
can do a sound test too as
[Applause]
well