are you tired of losing on Lotus this is
how you can win all your Lotus attack
rounds in under 60 seconds the most
common ways Defenders start their rounds
is by Omen blinding a main raisting
Rubble Sky flashing and Jet dashing this
is because asight is brutal to defend if
you allow the attackers to take aain for
free but when Defenders do this they're
begging you to go to the Seas site and
you should how Seas site is designed
makes it impossible for the lonely kg to
hold a sight or stall for their rotating
teammates however avoid blindly running
into the site use your abilities to
guarantee no one dies in a dumb way be
aware of the flank when Defenders take a
main space they want to continue pushing
instead of running back to spawn now
you're probably thinking what if they
stack Seaside push front b or don't
throw any ability that's a flaw in Lotus
that you can abuse you can start out by
playing slow with at least one person
around a main listening for the
abilities if they hear and see the
kitchen sink being thrown at a main we
Sprint to the seasight but if they don't
hear anything we go back to a just
because a didn't throw abilities doesn't
mean a is free so use your utility to
counter any rats hiding in tree or sight
one coaching to rank up 500 RR in 8
weeks guaranteed or your money back
click on this video