any tips uh for gwi I'd say you want to
have AP in every slot because all of
your abilities scale and AP so any tank
items are pretty bad like even your
resistances in W scale off of it also a
big thing that helped me a lot was just
like the concept of what w is like just
keep in mind when you're in your W if a
Pantheon was outside and he wanted to
stun you you're like unclickable which
is just something to think about like
obviously you know you don't take damage
when you're in it but not only that but
they just can't click you which really
helped me when I got that down actually
and also another thing with GW is I
would say that you want to really limit
test you're going to have to int a
little bit to be good at her because she
does a lot more damage than you think
but the only way to find out is to
actually go for it but it's going to be
really scary sometimes and you're going
to think that you're trolling when
you're actually not but the only way to
find out is to have a few bad games
before you get the good ones