guess the valerant map only from seeing
screenshots which map is this what the I
think this is sunset because of the
colors but I also barely played on that
map so I don't really know yeah you're
incorrect it's it's a scent no I was
going to guess that bro so here's the
second one which map is this wait is
this too easy I'm going to go for a
risky one and say bind that's so wrong
that's ice box you're OFA too I was
going to say ice box but you know the
the little hallway this is the third map
what is it this is so easy is fractured
like the little hallway to be just give
me the point bro the point is not yours
this is p my guy what I was actually so
confident bro and this is the final one
what map is this wait this is easy this
is so free it's Havens under the Beast
side give me the point it is Haven but
not what you were saying but you're
correct