[Music]
keep you down pushing deep until you
drown or make you up strong focused on
the now glass half Fuller has it been
empty that well that's all up to you and
your mind do you doubt anything
everything not of things my thoughts
work for me manifest what I need what I
want what I see I could be anything I
get trct all the things that I see I
believe I'll achieve as I breathe in and
out again and again I don't doubt I sit
and I plan and I found out that I can
execute scared no chcken I take I'll be
winning you get back what you're giving
find the reason that you're living what
you're good at all your gifts and what
you love take a risk and find out what
you been
missing deep under the surf like a fire
needs in the furn this is your go that
makes it all worth it this is your that
gives you your
purpose deep the
surface call the this is your I need you
all this is I giv you your purpose
[Music]
purpose is better than any drug you
could ever think if you know why you're
doing something that's all you need I
wake up ready for the day because I
believe in everything that I'm doing
like it was meant to be I get fixated
and captivated un learning things don't
hesitate to ask questions the answer
that I need it's out there somewhere S I
can find the
rest Mak all this is your that gives you
your
purose deep the
surface in
[Music]
[Music]
the
this
[Music]
I and tote this
show I don't have a slow up no I don't
take [ __ ] I got no love for the
faithness if you want to play tough and
want to hate this I'll always show up
and make a statement I don't have slow
up no I don't take [ __ ] I got no love
for the fak if you want to play tough
and want to hate this I'll always show
up and make a
statement