[Music]
I got the cash in the back Stadium pack
a rockstar in this life G live it up on
the attack baby I'm B I just want to get
caught up in this life I'm crazy I'm mad
doing no cap only God want you better go
live it up cash in the back stadi un
pack baby I'm bad baby I'm bad I just
want to stay dad St mad ship on my
shoulder cuz they treat me like a
Outcast I ain't going to take that stay
back I'll be swinging on till the hits
coming all caps I ain't going to lay
back pray that someone's going to help
me ain't nobody like that I ain't going
to wait that's all F give me one shot
and I'll never get the throne back I'm
sick of being cautious I'mma go C
something can't stop this I'mma steal
everybody's Lane c a shoplift sick of
hearing everyone complain when they
thoughtless Taste the Pain it's like
candy canes it makes me go change into a
better frame into a better name society
and same we all live F cash in the
born a rockar in this life going live it
up on the attack baby I'm bad I just
want to get caught up in this life I'm
crazy I'm mad do it no cap only got one
so you better go live it up cash in the
B baby I'm
[Music]
baby baby I'm B I just want to get CAU
out I'm crazy and mad you no C only got
you better the back I'm back baby I'm
back baby I'm back the
[Music]
back you cannot tell me what I cannot
say
I'm here to last so yeah I'm here to
stay I'll live each second like my final
day you can't take that
away
the rockar in this life going to live it
up on the attack baby I'm bad I just
want to get caught up in this life I'm
crazy I'm mad do it no cap only God want
you better go live it up cash in the
back St baby I'm back baby I'm got cash
the B baby
but Rock