and then finally yon had a pretty light
touch this fact his pick R very much
fact his ban rate all that much his ban
R has been decaying a little bit uh by
day but uh yon's at around 49 for now I
think that's reasonable I do want to
point out that yon and Yasuo both are uh
two very high depth Champions like
they're played very broadly they're very
popular many people like playing yasu
and yon but those who play him play a
lot of that champion uh a comparison
Champion is blitzcrank is a champion who
has played very broadly but you actually
don't have that many BL crank Mains uh
you actually tend to play against a yasu
or yon main when you play against yasu
and yon um I don't have the information
right now on exactly how strong uh of an
impact that is Win ratewise I've seen
data that indicates that it's really
really a huge impact I've seen data
indicates it's very very low impact um
I'm not sure what the actual like result
is um