why Play zarat support well he has
insane range he's very hard to counter
in Lane he deals unacceptable amounts of
damage and his combos are incredibly
fast and easy however he is immobile and
Incredibly squishy if caught out and he
is fully reliant on skill shot so can
struggle against High Mobility Zara's
passive is periodically his next basic
attack restores mana and if used against
an enemy Champion the Mana is doubled
Zara's Q causes him to slow himself
while charging up a skill shot while
charging the range of this ability is
increased upon use it throws out a
StraightLine skill shot which deals
damage to All Enemies hit zarah's W
places a circle on the floor which after
a short delay deals damage to enemies in
the area and slows them this ability
also has a smaller Circle within the
middle and enemies hit by this take
increased damage and are slowed even
more zerat e is a straight line skill
shot which deals damage too and stuns
the first enemy hit and the duration of
the stun is increased the longer the orb
traveled before hitting its Target
Zara's ultimate causes him to channel
the ability where the screen zooms out
and zerath is rooted to the floor zerath
can then press R again to start shooting
out these circular skill shots which
side of the area and deal damage to
enemies hit hitting at least one enemy
Champion with this ability grants you
increased damage on the next ones and
this can be stacked multiple times
during the channel at the first level
ability zerth can shoot four of these
and then five and then six as the
ability is leveled up for combos your
main pokon Lane is going to be landing W
and then when they're slowed throwing
out your q and your large burst combos
to start with E into W and Q before
using ult and spamming away for matchups
zerth is great into into a lot of
enchanter or bully support as he simply
outranges them all and he can struggle
against Champions who can close the gap
easier and get onto him for runes take
this first strike is great extra damage
and money for build order start World
Atlas and pots into a luden's companion
in tier 2 boots and then upgrade your
support item to a zaz a after this a
storm surge and shadowflame a great
pickups before finishing a build with
any of these as needed for skill orders
start W then Q then E before maxing Q
then W then e taking ult whenever you
can for Summoner spells take Flash and
exhaust but things like heal and barrier
work well too starting the game you're
looking to poke where you can and make
life incredibly difficult for your
opponents when they stand still for that
brief moment when attacking a minion
throw a w at them and then while they're
slowed by the W throw out a Q and
because you have such long range it's
just impossible to trade back against
you however your abilities won't hurt
too much until levels four and five when
you start getting a few points into your
que and this is even better at levels s
and 9 when you get more points into your
que again while in Lane you always want
to look for opportunities to land your e
as this allows your full combo and easy
follow up from your carry however do be
aware that when your e is on cool down
you are vulnerable so play safe until
it's back up all this time as your W and
Q do hit through menu just keep Ling
stuff towards your opponent and when you
hit Level six you now have access to an
insane amount more damage so if you can
land your full combo or simply just need
the extra damage look for the kills
entering the mid game take your Bot
Tower as soon as possible then head mid
with your carry this will allow you to
Siege the mid Tower as well as get into
fights by using your ultimate having
massive control of the map entering late
gain team fights play as the backline
Mage before the fight starts throw out
tons of poke and then as the fight goes
on just keep protecting yourself
throwing out as much damage as you can
and when you're safe to do so use your
ultimate for additional damage or to
kill fleeing targets