why play Graves jungle well he clears
quickly and healthily he puts out a ton
of damage he's a brilliant jewelist and
he's strong throughout the entire game
however he doesn't bring any hard CC and
he is reliant on skill shots where
missing a q w or ultimate can really
hurt him Graves is passive as his double
barreled shotgun Graves can have two
bullets in a shotgun at a time and using
a basic attack will consume one of these
when out of bullets he will then reload
the reload time is reduced by graves'
level and his bonus attack speed graves'
basic attack fires four bullets in a
cone enemies hit by bullets take a good
amount of damage and then take reduced
damage for each subsequent bullet and
graves's critical strikes shoot Six
Bullets instead in a wider cone in
addition non-champions hit by his basic
attacks and knocked back which makes
jungling incredibly easy Graves is Q is
a skill shot which throws out a t-shape
and leaves it on the floor enemies hit
by this ad delt damage after 2 seconds
or upon hitting terrain the t-shape on
the floor will then deal damage again to
all enemies within graves's W throws out
a circle on the floor which deals damage
to All Enemies hit slows them and
applies near sight enemies Afflicted
with near sight have their sight
massively reduced Graves his e as an
auto attack reset which causes him to
dash in a direction and reload one shell
in addition he gains a stack of True
Grit which will grant him additional
armor and he gains two stacks if he
dashes towards an enemy Champion
graves's ultimate is a very longrange
StraightLine skill shot which deals
damage to enemy's Hit Upon use it also
causes Graves to throw himself backwards
when this hits an enemy Champion or upon
reaching the maximum range it will then
explode in a cone dealing 80% damage to
additional enemies for combos your go-to
will be to use W into q and an auto
attack following up with e into two Auto
attacks before using ult and your engage
combo will be to use e into W following
up with two Auto attacks into your q and
ultimate for matchups Graves is great
into a lot of Bruiser junglers who can
easily kite and deal tons of damage to
and he can struggle against junglers who
can get on top of him and blow him up or
ones he simply can't out jeel for wounds
take this Fleet helps everything you
want to do for build order start red
monster and partt into a ghost blade and
tier 2 boots after this a collector and
black C are great pickups before
finishing a build with any of these as
needed for skill order start e then Q
then W before maxing Q then e then W
taking Al whenever you can for summon of
spells take Flash and smite starting the
game you have a few different options
the safest option is always to do a full
jungle clear this will make sure you're
as strong as you can be if you need to
fight for Scuttle crab and of course a
full jungle clear is just the most
effective way to maximize your gold and
experience gain otherwise you can do a
quick level three clear by doing both
Buffs and one other Camp into an early
gank however Graves doesn't bring much
CC so it's usually best to do this when
you have an incredibly free gank with a
teammate who brings a lot of hard CC
when ganking always consider the three
main points of where is Lane push to
what cc does your team bring and what
escapes do your enemy have when ganking
your role is to Simply put out a ton of
damage and during the mid game your main
focus is going to be on objectives so
get to objectives early set up early
vision and look for picks and skirmishes
which Graves loves entering late game
team fights you want to play a sort of
mid-range ad carry role somewhere
between the front line and the back line
you deal tons of damage and usually heal
quite a lot at this point too so as long
as you can keep shooting you tend to be
fine so keep attacking anything in front
of you using q and ultimate to deal tons
of AOE damage using W and E to keep
yourself alive for