let's rank every single champion from
easiest to hardest for season 14 we'll
go roll by roll and have four different
difficulty tiers the Champions will be
placed in easy medium hard and expert
will be the four tiers easy tier will
more specifically consist of Champions
that should only take you around 0 to 10
games to start having an impact on
medium tier Champions will take you a
bit longer with at least 10 to 25 games
needed the hard tier will require you to
play 25 to 50 games before you should
expect consistent results and lastly for
the expert tier 50 games or more will be
required for you to really be a force on
the champion but before we get into it
be sure to check out skill cap if you
want to truly get better at League of
Legends we're the only service that
offers a moneyback guarantee if you
don't climb at least five divisions
while actively using our service we do
this because our service really does
work and if it doesn't work for you you
shouldn't pay learn more at the end of
this video or click the link in the
description below so we're going to
start off in the top lane and then make
our way down the map the easy tier for
Top Lane consists of Champions that you
can be impactful with from the moment
you pick them up at the very most you'll
need need 10 games on these picks to get
some of the mechanics down but you won't
have to commit a ton of time most of
these Champions have very Elementary
mechanics and have tools in their kits
that are extremely powerful but don't
require very much skill to use take
malite for example he's one of the best
autofilled Top Lane Champions because no
matter how terrible your matchup
knowledge is using r on a Fed 0 carry
and reducing their attack speed with e
is foolproof yet absolutely gamechanging
the medium tier for Top Lane is
sprinkled with Champions that are still
relatively easy to pick up but usually
have one unique part to their kit that
will require you to spend a bit more
time to get the hang of take Urgot for
example pretty simple Champion for the
most part but his passive is such a
unique mechanic you don't see on any
other Champion really being able to get
the most out of urgot's passive is vital
in your success with a champion and 10
games may not be quite enough to really
get it down 25 games should be enough
though which is why we see Urgot as a
nice fit in the medium tier for someone
like Olaf mechanically he's a pretty
easy Champion but much like Urgot it's
really being able to utilizes passive
that pushes him into the medium tier
Olaf thrives on Lower health so knowing
your limits and being able to min max
that will require more than 10 games
taking a look at the Hard tier for Top
Lane you're going to need to commit a
considerable amount of games to them if
you want to see the best results for a
lot of these Champions it either comes
down to them having very intricate kits
or being more heavily reliant on Landing
skill shots to be effective atrox is a
bit of both as his Q skill shot is
basically three spells in one and how
you use it solely dictates your success
in the champ it's not just realistic for
the average player to pick up eight
trucks and expect to see results right
away 25 to 50 games is a good Benchmark
for these Champions that you should
expect to put in before you really start
feeling comfortable lastly for the Top
Lane expert tier these Champions are for
those players that really want to
challenge and can commit to staying
consistent and spamming a bunch of games
we can name off each Champion
individually because this tier is much
smaller than the rest as we have
Gangplank Rengar Riven Jace aelia and
cassant one thing that helped us with
ranking Champions was by asking
ourselves the question how would I feel
if my teammate were a first time this
champion in my game we'll refer to this
as the first time test throughout the
video for someone like malite who we
have in the easy tier the answer was
simple I wouldn't be too worried if I
saw saw my Top Lane was first timing the
champ now Vice Versa there is not a
single champion in the expert tier that
I would feel comfortable to see my
teammate first timing in my ranked game
the skill floor is extremely high for
these expert tier Champions because
they're more mechanically intensive
while also being feast or famine Champs
being even or staying ahead is vital on
these Champions to be impactful as other
than Cante none offer any high value
utility for their team to really get the
most out of these Champions and to play
them at a level to where they are more
worth it than champions in the tiers
below you should expect to play at least
50 games for Jungle the easy tier
consists of Champions that have more
linear kits and don't require any
Advanced Mechanical skill to be
impactful these Champions are going to
be the best for you to pick up if you're
looking to learn the role because being
able to focus solely on your macro play
will make you a better jungler as a
whole much faster trundle is the perfect
example of an easy jungler because his
combos are very simple and the brunt of
his damage comes from Auto attacking and
using Q getting used to the auto attack
reset that trundle Q provides is
probably the most difficult part about
him but even then it's not going to take
you more than a few games to nail it
down a lot of the champions in the
medium tier for Jungle may not be that
much more difficult than the easy tier
mechanically but the decision- making
required to play them is generally a bit
higher take kha'zix for example pretty
simple champion on the mechanical front
his main damage source is from a
pointand click spell so in theory it
shouldn't be too difficult to mess up on
him the difference between someone like
kha'zix and trundle though is that K has
less margin for error due to his more
squishy nature so choosing how he
approaches fights can be more difficult
to grasp for a more bursty Champion like
K it's also much more important to know
how much damage he's going to deal at
certain item spikes so that when you
dive in you can be certain you'll
assassinate your target so even though
for some of these Champions they're in
the medium tier due to having more
mechanical skill required than the easy
tier Champs the game knowledge required
to play them is a big factor for many as
well for the jungle hard tier you'll
notice that many of these Champions have
very unique kits for example even if
you're a jungle main picking up someone
like Brier for the first time is going
to be way more difficult than picking up
someone like Ramis Brier's kit is just
so different than anything else we see
due to her W so she's one of the more
difficult junglers to learn and get the
most out of her for the average player
at least 25 games will be needed with
these hard tier junglers before you can
expect to see consistent results expert
tier for Jungle consists of Champions
that are incredibly riing on impeccable
mechanical prowess in order to out
impact junglers in the tiers below NY
Kindred Elise Lon and tiia are the five
picks that make up the expert tier if
you want to dedicate a ton of time and
really one trick a jungler these are
going to be some of the best options all
five of these Champions pass the first
time test as none of them are picks that
I'd want to see my jungler first timing
in my game when learning these champions
for the first time you should go into it
expecting to lose a ton early on 50
games or more will be required for you
to feel comfortable on these champs for
mid lane we don't actually have all that
many champions in the easy tier a common
theme among these picks is that they
have a key spell in their kit that is
very easy to use but extremely impactful
Annie r m r aelan Soul Q Swain r vagar r
and Pantheon W are completely Noob
friendly but they can have such high
influence on games you can go into
ranked first timing any of these Champs
and you'll actually have a pretty good
shot at picking up some wins right off
the bat 10 game should be all it takes
to start feeling like you can be
consistently impactful on these six
Champions similar to the Jungle medium
tier a lot of the medium tier midlaners
are bit more mechanically demanding but
more so just require higher game
knowledge to pull off compared to the
easy tier Champs nefy is arguably one of
the easier assassins in the game but
when compared to the likes of Annie and
malahar she's still more difficult to
pull off just due to lacking that big CC
spell and relying more on choosing the
right openings to burst out a Target if
you go in at the wrong time with nfury
you can just die without doing anything
but with easy tier Champs like M and
Annie even if you misposition just
getting off your CC before you die can
sway a fight massively the thought
process required to play a lot of these
medium tier Champions is Just A Cut
Above the easy tier there's a lot of
Champions bunched up into the hard tier
for mid lane and very few in the expert
tier and it's mainly due in part to wh
skewing the meaning of a difficult
midlaner lots of feaster famine
champions in the hard tier along with
more mechanically intensive Champions as
well a lot of these Champions will
require up to 50 games before you really
begin seeing results and the expert tier
for mid lane revolves to around just two
Champions being air and H with way being
released it's completely shifted the
meaning of a difficult midlaner with
nine basic abilities you need to learn
he's just flat out more difficult to
pick up than anyone else many of the
Champions we have in the hard tier for
this video were actually in the expert
tier last season but way is just on a
level of his own when it comes down to
difficulty which makes our rankings much
different for season 14 azir keeps his
spot in the exper tier even though you
could argue he's less difficult than way
we feel that air is just more difficult
to grasp than any of the hard tier mids
so even though he may not be on the same
level s way he's closer than all other
mids you can play a Zer like an ADC
sitting back and using his soldiers to
DPS but to really get the most out of
him you need to learn how and when to
dive in for catch plays even though
someone like zerth is a hard tier champ
he still has this very consistent style
of play where he wants to sit back and
poke from range there's really nothing
more optimal than that with air though
this drastic shift in play style from
being a backline DPS character to
suddenly diving into an entire team is
very difficult to master and is a big
reason to why Air's in the expert tier
heading down to the bot Lane now we just
have two champions in the easy tier for
ADC and they are ash and Misfortune
relative to all other adcs Ash and MF
are the most linear and simple to pick
up both Champions have ways to be
impactful without needing incredible
kiting skill which is a big reason to
why they're here you don't even need to
land a single Auto attack with either
one of them as both MF and Ash have alts
that can heavily sway games if you're
newer to ADC it's going to be
positioning and kiing that takes the
most time to learn being a role with
more vulnerable characters but Ash and
MF let you cheat that a little due to
being less Auto attack ReliOn the medium
tier for ADC is where you get into the
Champs that are more Auto Reliant but
not necessarily more mechanically
intensive than Ash and MF a lot of these
Champions have escape tools or range
enhancers in their kits which make them
more forgiving than some of the other
adcs you'll see in the hard and expert
tier even if you're not the best ADC
player picking up Zia or Tristana can
help you out a lot due to the self peel
they have in their kits and less
Reliance on positioning perfectly to
succeed you don't have to be the most
mechanically gifted player to win on
these Champs which makes them good fits
for the medium tier jumping into the
hard tier for ADC this is where Min
maxing becomes much more important and
choosing your openings is vital pics
like Draven Lucian Bain kaisa Nila and
Samira are all shorter ranged adcs which
means you have to always be walking this
fine line of staying safe but still
being able to pump out damage aios and
zeri just have more advanced kits
compared to the average ADC so it's
going to take you more time to learn
them jyn being one of the more skillshot
heavy adcs is not someone you can expect
to stomp with immediately getting used
to his ammo mechanic is also a process
as no other ADC in the game has that
feature and just two Champions sit
together in the expert tier for ADC as
we have kalista and Ezreal both these
Champions are picks that you just never
want to see being first timed on your
team Ezreal being the most skill shot
riant ADC will take you at the very
least 50 games to play at a decent level
but even then hundreds of games is more
realistic kalista being one of the most
early gamer line adcs and with so much
of her power tied to how well her
support can synergize with her you need
to be a very proficient kalista player
in order to make her work the passive
kiing mechanic is also something that no
other champion in the game has so this
alone will take a multitude of games to
learn moving on to support if you want
to pick someone up and see near
immediate results or if you want a good
autofill champ these are your best
options Malai Heimerdinger saraka
Nautilus and Yumi are all extremely
simple to grasp and be effective with in
the very first game you pick them up
Malai and not just have very easy to hit
crowd control which makes them effective
no matter how bad you are saraka and
Yumi can buff up their carries by simply
using their point and click spells so
there's no way for you to be useless on
either champ as for himer even though he
is more skill shot Reliant just placing
down turrets shoving the enemy under tow
power and poking with W should not take
you more than 10 games to get the hang
of so much of heer's power as a support
comes from the pressure as turrets
provide and it takes very little skill
to perform in that sense the medium tier
for support is littered With Champions
that you can still have pretty good
success with right away but generally
have more Nuance kits that require a bit
more tinkering with to be affected milio
for example is a bit more difficult than
an enchanter like saraka because he
needs to more carefully choose how he
uses his spells saraka can just press r
at a random time in a team fight and get
good value out of it but Milo's R can be
wasted if it's not used on an optimal
Target or at the correct time you need a
bit more General game knowledge to win
with these medium tier supports whereas
you can kind of just face roll your way
to Victory with the easy tier Champs the
hard tier support Champions fit into one
of two categories or both they either
are extremely unique in how they play
the game compared to the average support
or they have more difficult kits to
execute Senna fits into the first
category of being more unique because
she's an ADC played as a support there's
no other traditional support in the game
that needs to weave Auto attacks
consistently to be effective which makes
Senna more difficult to pick up picks
like Blitz Pike and tck are very reliant
on hitting their skill shots to have an
impact and if they miss they're highly
ineffective 50 games is a realistic
timetable that you should expect to have
to put in before you really begin
carrying on these Champs expert tier for
support consists of Champions that have
extreme Reliance on hitting skill shots
to succeed or they have many different
ways in which they can approach
situations Bard Sho and thresh are
probably the worst supports in the game
to play if you're autofilled because
there's just so many intricacies to each
pick that cannot be learned in just a
few games that being said the reward for
mastering any of these expert tier
supports is huge so if you're capable of
being consistent and can spam well over
50 games in these Champs you will reap
the benefits eventually all right guys
before we wrap this up let's tell you a
little more about skill cat so we offer
a five division rankup guarantee and I
think that's a pretty crazy thing to
offer it's like a gym membership
guarantee and you'll get ripped your
local gym would go bust if they offered
that right not us we've offered this for
years because our service really does
work it works so well in fact that we're
able to produce by far the largest
catalog of Premium League guides on the
internet we add over 20 videos a week
with over, 1600 guides curated into over
100 courses no one can compare we've
also sent Challenger players into ELO
hell 714 times and Counting where they
commentate how to carry live they also
respond to all questions asked sign up
today for as little as $6.99 a month if
you are serious about improving so there
you have it guys our yearly update
ranking every single champion from
easiest to hardest for season 14 thanks
so much for watching and we'll see you
back
soon