here are two things valerant removed
that we need back number one is showing
everyone's ranks on the scoreboard I
personally loved this feature but it was
removed back in episode 2 because quote
it can lead to an increased amount of
unhealthy pressure from other players
while I do agree with Riot's reasoning
here people are still going to be toxic
regardless of this change now you just
have these loser nerds that use apps and
trackers to stalk your account and make
fun of your Peak so I'd say it's gotten
even worse just bring back the visible
ranks I don't think it's that serious
number two is the Bape Vandal back in
the valerant beta the Lux skins used to
have four different variants but at
launch they suddenly don't have any
seriously why did they remove them not
to mention the Imperium classic and
knife and also the Ronin bundle that
mysteriously vanished after the game
launch I'm sure they still have the
models and code for it so they should
definitely add these back