if you watch the news still here
cinematic and you thought to yourself
that was cool I still have no idea what
happened you would not be alone and
that's most likely because you don't
know the ins and outs of League's lore
which I can assure you is totally normal
most people are too lazy to read and it
just so happens to be that not only is
still here our first League cinematic
that is fully cannon from the get-go but
also the Cinematic is an absolute Love
Letter to League's lore Community
because it is not only full of
interesting details but it is also
overflowing with lore references so no
matter if you wonder why kale and Morana
look different why Yasuo is old now or
if you don't even play league and you
just saw cool cinematic and you want to
learn about it this video should help
with that so let's explain what exactly
happened in League's newest cinematic
still
here right at the beginning you can hear
a quote to tomorrow is a hope never a
promise which came from Kindred who are
the twin deathly Spirits also known as
the lamp and the Wolf who very simply
put in League's Universe represent death
they are sort of like the Grim Reaper
after which The Cinematic starts with a
cut into the frelard where after a
fierce battle shown by the number of
soldiers scattered around the Barbarian
King trendir was finally brought to his
knees his enemies are most likely the
winter claw tribe because as you'll see
this entire scene happens in the present
times in the second shot you can see
that his very iconic helmet had fallen
off you can actually see it here in the
Cinematic after which trendir looks up
at the brink of his strength and he sees
the faint silhouette of a figure with a
bow of course this is referencing the
lamb indicating that death had come for
him though as you'll see later there is
more than one twist to this in in the
next scene we actually travel to the
Past specifically here we can see
ancient Deasia this was after the Masia
was founded as a safe haven from Magic
but before the nation became a Haven for
racists against magic since most of the
really bad hatred was fueled by the
conflict between kale and Morgana which
would happen later this also means that
at this point Deasia has not progressed
that far with the research of petricite
which is the Pale Stone that can absorb
magic and as a result if you look at the
buildings here you can see they do not
resemble the white buildings just yet
another thing to point out here is the
Sea of dead soldiers at First Sight you
might think that all of these are
ancient demasian who just got
slaughtered by the dark in demigod atrox
but that's not entirely the truth now
for the sake of Simplicity I am not
going to explain what the darkin are
just know that they are corrupt that
power hungry demigods but we have to
mention something for an important
detail that happens later the darkin are
demigods willing blood magic who got
banished inside their weapons and in
atro's case he was bound inside his
great sword the body you can see here is
actually the body of a mortal who picked
up the weapon after which atrox
transformed them and dominated their
mind you will see that this will get
cool in just a moment anyway next as the
scene cuts to kale and Morgana for only
half a second you can see that Morana
dropped a soldier she almost
disrespectfully threw him to the ground
which indicates that the soldier was not
an ancient demasian but rather it was an
enemy so atrox didn't do all of this
alone which would make sense because the
darkin such as atrox used to build their
own War bands of Mortals by either
enslaving them or by turning them into
worshippers who believed they were God s
this was especially common during the
Great darkin Wars though this entire
scene is happening after that so these
barbaric Marauders were just atro's
followers who attacked Deasia after this
the scene shows us the early version of
the demasian armor you can see they are
yet to reach their glorious design with
petricite steel you can also see some
hints of that in the armor scattered
around the battlefield and that's just
as scale and Morgana look up towards the
sky where atrox is waiting now of course
many of you may know that in game kale
has two swords and Morgana is the Mage
who Roots you for the entire game so how
come kale has one sword and Morgana has
the other one well before kale and
Morgana became the twin aspects of
Justice it was their mother mea who held
that title and who served Justice around
the world while wielding a Celestial
blade later in her life she decided to
pass her powers onto her two twin
daughters and so she split her blade and
she gave one half to each of them it
wasn't until the conflict a bit later
that Morgana essentially quit her job as
an aspect and she gave her blade to kale
so at the time of this Cinema dick the
two still serve as the twin aspects each
wielding one half of a Celestial blade
another cool detail here is that as the
two leap into the sky after atrox you
can see how kale leads the charge with
righteousness with Morana being the one
who simply follows her that's because
kale always looked up to their mother
and what they fought for while Morgana
was always wary of their new found
powers that's why in this entire
cinematic Morgana looks a bit more
cautious and before Morgana flies off
into the distance 2 for the last time we
have some time to see just how triable
Deasia looked at one point though even
during this time you can see that some
of the buildings already started shaping
up after which of course course the
Battle of atrox and the twin aspects
starts unfortunately there is not much
to mention here it is just a cool fight
of flying demigods but eventually atrox
smacks both of them to the ground their
side of the fight starts looking grim
and atrox quickly follows them down
after his epic entry you can actually
see more of his followers charging
forward in the background after which we
get another cool reference as Morana
stands up she takes her sword and stabs
It To The Ground leaving it behind as
she focuses on her magic this is
foreshadowing for how later on Morana
gives up on the legacy of their mother
now of course this wouldn't get a full
approval from kale who always idealized
their mother and so when she looks up
with a frown you can see the Cinematic
gives us a scene where Morgana is
getting rid of her Armor All while Being
Framed by the sword which he left behind
and then of course we get to see Morgana
wield her dark magic now I say dark but
in reality it is Celestial in origin
Morgana is not evil or anything like
that in fact she is far better at
protecting the people of Deasia than
kale but that's a whole another story
and so she uses her Celestial chains to
bind atrox to the ground an obvious
reference to her Q ability in the game
which is followed by Kale picking up
morgana's sword again and this is not
only a reference to what kale looks like
in game but it is also a reference to
the fact that later down in her story
she does actually claim morgana's sword
and by doing that she fully Embraces
their mother's Legacy this is also why
when kale walks by Morgana she once
again proves that she's the jerk and
Morgana is the good one when she gives
her that disapproving look it is not
only directed at the fact that Morgana
is using Magic magic in the Masia during
those times it was not ideal but they
were kind of forced into it more than
that kale is simply disappointed by the
fact that Morgana would dare to leave
their mother's sword behind especially
if she's doing that to only focus on her
magic that's the real point of this
scene after which even though Morana
carried the crap out of this fight using
both blades kale uses her passive
ability from the game she calls upon the
righteous flames and she burns atrox the
funny part here is that after this fight
is over kale has to kind of awkwardly
walk back to Morana and give her the
blade back because again this scene is
not how kale claimed morgana's sword
that happens later anyway this is where
the final awesome detail of the story
happens first of all when the righteous
flame Burns atrox for only a single
second you can see that atrox dropped
his sword since he is a dark in this
indicates that his soul went back to the
blade but what's interesting is that in
this scene it might be the first time
atrox got ever sealed the vast majority
of the darkin got sealed at the end of
the darkin war where a Celestial aspect
came down and helped Mortals seal
everyone but some of the darkin
successfully fled away and it was
mentioned that atrox was one of them and
since this is happening sometime after
the dark in war for were already over it
is possible that this is the moment
atrox got caught because we know that he
had to get sealed eventually because
later he gets picked up by another
Soldier and he gets his entire story
with trendir and Pantheon so this might
be a lot more of a historical moment
than most people might imagine anyway
even cooler than this are the last few
frames from this scene once again you
can see a mysterious figure standing on
one leg holding a bow which is the
iconic pose of the lamp representing
death this one has some absolutely
awesome implications you see the reason
why atrox is extra evil and he is driven
by Slaughter is because he just wants to
die he hates his corrupted form he hates
the blood magic binding him but it just
so happens to be that the darkin are
Immortal he is simply never going to
escape this prison his end always waits
for him inside his weapon which is why
atrox simply wants to destroy the entire
world in his mind that would be the only
way to end this suffering he can't be
imprisoned if there is no prison and
because he's Immortal you can see the
lamb in the fire but she's simply
watching him not doing anything anything
because death can't claim atrox and then
the Cinematic cuts to perhaps the most
badass part this is where all the major
talks happened so let's break it down of
course this scene takes us to Ionia
however this is Ionia about 30 to 40
years in the future from the present
days take it for what it is for now
we'll explain this time skip later here
we can see some Bandits burning a
village they are wearing masks which of
course are very popular in Ionia because
they are connected to Legends and demons
and at first this made me think that
these might be related to The Shadow
order but as you'll see later there is
no Shadow Magic to be seen here so these
are far more likely to be related to
navori which is a group of a little bit
too patriotic ionians who are not afraid
of attacking other ionians if they don't
share their views that's also why you
can see that they are attacking other
ionians here and after this a mysterious
man with a staff draws a line in the
dirt this is a hypothetical line as well
as a literal one it simply tells them to
not go any further I love how this
cinematic can tell us all of this
without saying a word a very common
theme in this entire cinematic anyway
the two Bandits laugh at the drawn line
we get a bit of a western standoff after
which in an extremely subtle way the
Cinematic reveals who this man is up to
this point when I first watched this I
wasn't sure if this was Elder Suma or
Master Doran but in fact with a very
slight tilt of his head the scene
reveals the scar on his face which
always belonged to Yasuo and this is
where things get absolutely wild when
the bandits attack you can see see that
Yasuo is not using his sword in fact his
sword is nowhere to be seen around him
but what's more interesting he is not
even using the wind technique and that's
because Yasuo has a very clear purpose
in how he's fighting them here if you
look closely you can see that he's not
killing anyone and the reason for this
is very simple yasu has been murdering
people with wind his entire life and if
you really look into into his story you
might notice that the wind never brought
anything good into his life in fact
using the wind technique made other
people suspect that he murdered his
master so the wind is the reason why he
got exiled from his home so it wouldn't
be too farfetch to believe that Yasuo
was simply done with using the wind
especially if it was Taking Lives and
you'll see that all of this is heavily
reinforced in this entire scene of
course during this fight without the
wind or his blade you can see the
bandits actually manage to knock Yasuo
down where he faces the option to use
the blade here people should notice that
this is not yasuo's blade it is the
blade of one of the bandits which Yasuo
knocked out of their hand earlier on now
as Yasuo looks up you can see the shock
in his face this is when he realized
that without his wind technique he can't
protect this Village after which the
Cinematic reveal some more Bandits with
their boss in the middle although
unfortunately this is entirely new
character so there is nothing to mention
here and then we got the beautiful scene
where Yasuo faces his Destiny first of
all he still has the bottle on him so he
is still an alcoholic even at his
respectable age but also he drops his
staff which indicates that he's done
pretending to be someone he's not after
which the leader signals The Archers
until the very last moment you can see
that Yasuo does not want to do it but
eventually he picks up the blade to
defend himself and not only is he
defending himself by physically using
the blade but also by using it to
channel the wind and making the iconic
wind wall here the Cinematic is actually
showing us that he can use the wind wall
on purpose it is not just a cool
reference to his ability in the game
this one has a mild payoff we'll get to
that one in a moment next as yasu runs
forward he finally fully channels the
wind but again notice that he is not
killing anyone with it he seemingly only
glances past their enemies as they drop
down without a single drop of blood at
the beginning it is not clear what is
exactly happening but then there is the
one that shows us what he's doing Yasuo
is using the wind to only knock the
bandits down he is not draw throwing
blood and he is not killing them this is
such a cool way to show us that even
though Yasuo is once again forced to
embrace the wind he is not willing to
use it to murder anyone he is simply
done with killing another cool detail
here is that as Yasuo unleashes the wind
The Binding on his arm actually rips
which is a reference to the fact that
he's being Unleashed again after which
we get to the beautiful payoff after a
bit of ch facing at the end Yasuo is
faced with a cloud of arrows coming for
him this would be a sure kill to Yasuo
as well as anyone around him so I
suspect that he channeled the tornado to
knock the leader away on purpose again
he is not drawing blood so he pushed him
away so he wouldn't get hit which leads
us to the payoff itself as Yasuo looks
up he can see the cloud of arrows which
is something y
has faced many times before in fact if
you go back to the climb cinematic from
5 years ago you'll see that in Ionia he
was once again faced with the exact same
scenario and what did he do of course he
summoned the wind wall to protect
himself yes I do believe this is what
the still here cinematic is referencing
it is supposed to show us that Yasuo has
a way out of this scenario all he needs
to do is to make a wind wall so does he
do it no we know that he can do it
because the Cinematic purposefully
showed it to us earlier on but he still
doesn't do it and instead he willingly
Embraces his own end which is indicated
by the eyes of the wolf which you can
see in the distance as well as the arrow
of death coming from lamb herself so yes
Yasuo dies in this scene and it is
perhaps the most badass death he could
have asked for now here we need to point
out an interesting thing after this
cinematic came out there was an article
by do Esports where they got to
interview the creative directors of this
cinematic and here it was confirmed that
this was a vision given to Yasuo by
Kindred themselves all also if you go
into the description of this cinematic
you'll see that this is a possible
future which made many people think that
this is a Whata if scenario it is not
yasuo's real death and it is just what
could happen if Yasuo goes down a
certain path well I propose this is real
and Riot just chickened out and they
wanted to have the doors open just in
case they want to do something else in
the future no I think this is how Yasuo
dies in fact he must die like this see
based on bunch of different stories we
know that while League of Legends only
has one true timeline there are ways for
people to look across time into a bunch
of different what if scenarios for
example zillian story is all about
looking into bunch of different
potential outcomes of their Universe
though that doesn't mean that the other
universes are real they are just Windows
into possibility
but that's what those are they are
hypothetical Windows they are not real
in the real timeline a future foreen
cannot be changed this was always
heavily implied with Olaf that's right
Olaf is a fardian warrior who got a
prophecy from a shaman a prophecy that
one day he's going to die of old age in
his bed of course Olaf refused to
believe in that he was certain he would
would die a glorious death in battle and
so ever since that day Olaf traveled
around the world and he looked for the
most powerful enemies to fight from
giant Kraken worms which consumed entire
ships to Undead Kings with their Undead
armies Olaf fought all of it and most of
them alone and he always survived
because every time he got close to death
a mysterious frenzy took over his body
and he came out Victorious all because
of his foreseen prophecy that said that
he's going to die old and he can't
change that which means that as long as
he's fighting he's Immortal now of
course R could always go back and rcon
parts of Olaf's story at least that
would be for the sake of Yasuo getting a
better story later on but honestly I
kind of hope they don't because yasuo's
death is badass and I hope they commit
to it one day now before we move on from
yasu's story line here some people
theorized about the background here you
can see that all of this is happening
beside some Snowy Mountains now Ionia
does have some snowy mountains in the
north but pine trees are not exactly
typical for it this is why some people
believe that this entire scene is not
happening in Ionia but rather this is in
the frelard which would indicate that
during the second invasion of Ionia
which was an event theed to happen many
times in the past noxus might either
take over Ionia or entirely annihilate
it forcing ionians to travel out into
other regions so who knows maybe this
cinematic is also teasing a very dark
future for ionians but finally this
takes us into the final part of this
Cinema di trinda mir's battle with death
it immediately starts with a cool detail
just like the first scene started with a
view looking down on trendir indicating
him descending down towards death the
second part starts with a view up
indicating that he's rising up again now
first things first why is trendir alive
here the reason is atrox again yes later
in his story roughly about a thousand
years after his part with kale and
Morgana atrox invades trind amir's tribe
and he stabs trendir with the blade
infusing him with blood magic in the
process in theory it is possible that
atrox did this to turn trendir into a
worthy host later on the thing is you
know how atrox is Immortal and always
bound to his weapon Yeah by infusing
trendir with blood magic he also cursed
him with the undying rage turning
trendir Immortal too we still don't know
the limits of trind amir's immortality
but we know that death is is not going
to have a great time with him so this
scene does not happen too long after the
first one you'll see there is some
evidence that shows us that this is only
a few minutes or seconds after the first
scene it all starts with a snowflake
that falls down onto his blade and
immediately gets absorbed into it this
is because trendir is an iceborn and his
blade is infused with true ice which is
a fian magical kind of ice that
originates from the Yeti magic and then
after trendir stands up he gets ready to
face death and based on the fact that he
is not surprised at all this is not the
first time he's doing this now of course
the lamp is often not alone and so
trendir also gets an epic fight with the
wolf the fight itself is absolutely
gorgeous and sometimes you get amazing
shots such as this one with CGI on such
a stunning level trendir just looks like
a real human being here but yes he
deflects arrows from the lamp and fights
off the wolf because today is not his
day another thing to point out here is
that the wolf has feet which he normally
doesn't that's a cool detail and yes
eventually trind amir's undying rage
kicks in which is when you can start
noticing some more details first of all
when trendir charges the lamb it is
awesome to see the wolf Dash in to
protect her but then trendir actually
gets to shatter her bow which
immediately reforms back in her hand
because you can't stop death in this
scene you can also see the lamp slightly
tiled her head in curiosity it is
obvious the lamp and the Wolf came here
to claim trind amir's life but now they
realize this might not be possible which
is where the confusion comes from
immediately after that the wolf bites
into to trind amir's shoulder and you'll
see that from that point on the shoulder
pad actually stays damaged this is an
important detail so pay attention to it
and to really just say screw you when
the lamp tries to snipe trendir in the
back he just casually parries the arrow
with his hand as the undying rage goes
on the fight then continues for a little
bit longer before the lamp finally
decides that today is not trinda meir's
day after which we get two arrows from
Ash flying by her which is a slight
reference to Ash's volley ability and
the arrows stick into two winter claw
Warriors behind trendir which is kept
off with the image of the Lamb
dissolving into Ash trind amir's oath
sworn wife who came in to rescue him
that's right the two are married
although at first they just got married
for political reasons the love came
later now this dissolving image is
actually actually hinting at what is
really happening here especially when
you combine it with the fact that in the
next scene trinda mir's shoulder pad is
still damaged despite the damaging being
caused by the wolf which supposedly
happened in the death realm well in
theory this would show you that all of
this was only happening in trind amir's
head while in his mind he was fighting
death itself in reality in the out side
world trendir was fighting the other
Warriors of the winter claw this would
be why the damage on his shoulder pad
stayed physical it was actually caused
by his real enemies he just imagined
them to look like the wolf and on top of
that I do believe that's why the image
of the Lamb dissolved into Ash it was
all to show us that trendir only
imagined his enemies to look like the
lamp and the Wolf and when Ash arrived
she broke the illusion to really confirm
that this is what happened you can go
back to the very beginning of the
Cinematic for another detail when
trendir was laying there at the brink of
death when he looked into the distance
despite many people believing that this
was the lamb now we know this was more
likely just ash and she was only seconds
away from him the thing is in that scene
trendir was surrounded by six other
Warriors but when Ash arrived she only
killed two of them despite the field
already being clean the Cinematic
specifically zooms out to show us that
everyone's dead which means that trendir
did Kill the rest of the Warriors while
in his undying Rage which finally brings
us to the final scene where ash shoots
her Hawk Eye into the sky to Signal the
avarosans to come in and pick them up
you can see that this is in fact her
Hulk eye because the arrow actually
turns into a Hulk it also gets the sound
effect and it reveals that there are
more Warriors coming for them and so
this is the still here cinematic
explained I absolutely love this one
because every time you watch it you
notice something new we spent 3 hours
going through this on stream to make
sure that we really pick up most of the
details but I wouldn't be surprised if
more things were still coming up massive
shout out to R for actually giving us a
fully canonical cinematic which did
wonders to the community though I have
to point out there were some issues with
this cinematic Yasuo draws a line in the
dirt but mysteriously in the next scene
it disappears and Ash kills two people
with her arrows but later on you can
only see one zero out of 10 this
cinematic is
[Music]
ruined