hello there and let's said new year with
the new season coming out next week as
well as the new cinematic finally
dropping in a few days we got some news
about changes to the ranked system in
2024 so on a Reddit post from someone
saying that it feels awful to achieve
your highest rating by creating a new
account instead of improving on your
main if new accounts can be placed that
high but it can take years of grinding
on your main to get there if you ended
up in silver and it also sucks that
there are so many Smurfs in the game too
now well we got a few responses to this
from Riot saying that the average
insertion point for new players after
finishing a few placement games is
usually silver and it will be even lower
next season and that the new accounts
that can make it directly to gold or
platinum are outliers someone replied
that some more transparency on the data
and ranking system with things like the
hidden MMR would be nice since it sucks
that you can make it faster to your
actual rank on new accounts with higher
LP gains than on your old account with
hundreds of games where you'll win less
and lose more LP to usually making it
feel like you are wasting your time
trying to climb well looks like they
have some significant changes planned
for that too for this year mostly in the
background hopefully making it so there
is no reason to make a new account and
if you make a new account to Smurf the
system can detect that and place you
into accurate matches so quickly that
creating Smurf accounts feels like too
much work for the amount of games you
get to smash people well unless you just
buy an account and best news is that
they are changing the rating system
moving to a new different Riot M system
at the start of the year and then
planning on moving to another new system
later in the year called true skill 2
there are already some changes planned
that should help accounts get a more
accurate placement and also make it
harder to fall into negative LP gains
like minus 30 per loss and plus 20 per
win and through skill 2 would take a
long time to integrate if they end up
using it so that's why they already
moved to a new Riot M system before that
but this true skill 2 system sounds
quite impressive it's made by Microsoft
and what's interesting is that it is a
skill-based system and takes more more
things into account like absence from
the game pre-made groups has better
ranking accuracy and takes player stats
and experience into account too now what
this makes me think of is the valerant
system I really like how in valerant if
you end up being MVP with 30 kills and
five deaths you get more points than the
last player from your team that ended up
with two kills and 15 deaths I know a
lot of people say that players will just
play for KDA if they do this but I would
like for riia to try to have some sort
of a performance to deigning how much LP
you get or lose in League not just just
if it's a loss or a win it sucks to lose
the game with s+ being the only one in
your team that tried and lose as much as
everyone else or as much as you would
have lost if you ended up with a C2 plus
this will make people try harder to play
better and stop giving up so fast I
think if there was some sort of a
performance bonus LP gain if you played
great and lose less points too if you
did great not sure how well it would
work in practice or if everyone will
start playing aggressive for safe
Champions to avoid taking risks but I
think it would be cool to try to get at
least five more bonus points per win or
five less points per loss based on the
individual performance for a season just
see what happens but let me know what
you think about the current ranked
system is it all RNG is it rigged by
Riot to keep you at 50% win rate forever
and never climb so you play more and buy
more skins and never quit playing
probably leave a like or you'll place in
bronze with a new season and thanks for
watching no