way Al projectile size being that small
intended some people say that the small
size makes this they can put more damage
or CC on it but this makes the ability
frustrating for he players wouldn't
making it bigger but nerfing the damage
CC be better it's a fine line like the
spell is tuned such that it can this is
going to sound dumb when I say it but
it's tuned such that it can miss and it
can hit right like it's not supposed to
be a spell he's just guaranteed to hit
it is probably supposed to be a spell
that he has enough agency to hit in like
the right situations so like if way
players are like running into the fact
where they're like my Al sucks and I can
never hit then that probably would be
something we'd want to follow up on in
the future and maybe like make it a bit
wider or easier to hit but like it's not
supposed to be a spell that like is just
guaranteed that if he just shoots it on
his own it's going to hit you right so
that's always a fine line when it comes
to like tuning things for like the um
for playing as versus playing against
and so I'm just saying like the goal of
this spell is that like if you two are
just standing there staring at each
other and he cast the alt you're
probably going to be able to dodge it a
lot of the time