is valerant finessing us the kotonami
bundle just released with the start of
episode 8 but there is something a
little bit different about it the
kotonami Skins are all exclusive Rarity
which means that the whole bundle should
cost 8,700 VP with each skin costing
2175 and 4350 for the knife just like
most of the other exclusive bundles well
if you take a closer look at the price
you might notice that the Konami bundle
costs
9500 VP with each skin costing
2375 and 5350 for the knife so why did
valerant raise the prices higher than
usual well probably because they can and
they know that people are still going to
buy it regardless now don't get me wrong
these Skins are absolutely amazing and
some of the best we've ever seen but it
costs more than an entire AAA game does
is valerant finessing Us by slightly
raising skin prices or do you think that
it was justified for this bundle