[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
hey man how the hell you doing I've been
just fine living life with the new in my
mind all I hear is music watching your
mouth move damn you look stupid I feel
like everyone's a stranger small talk
with your narcissistic neighbor she's
real hot but they said they never date
her H I agree but you did and I hate her
you want to get away you better get in
line won't go another day of wasting any
time I've got a lot to say can hold it
in this time got no filter I got no
filter no filter I got no filter no
filter I got no filter no filter I got
no filter no filter I got no
filter hey man can I get a favor yeah
sure I know see you later
sometimes I just want to be a hater got
to wash down the top 40s with a chaser
your Bo starts feeling like a waiter
scraping my mind it gets your cheese
grater before you go sir you have to
sign a waiver that's all right I'm aware
of the danger you want to get away you
better get in line won't go another day
of wasting any time I've got a lot to
say can hold it in this time got no
filter I got no filter no filter I got
no filter no filter I got no filter no
filter I got no filter no filter I got
no
filter
[Music]
living life every day late at night not
okay all I want and I pray all I need
are a better days me I'm looking in
the mirror so foggy but I've never seen
clearer I don't really think anyone can
save me and honestly I'm not really sure
I want saving I like to be My Own Worst
Enemy there's no risk if you don't try
it anything so I'mma just get by and
everything see you in the next life up
to be a better me I don't think that my
heads on straight got to flip it and
grip it and go and get an x-ray what's
wrong with me I just feel way pushing on
my chest and it squeeze till I suffocate
better change my mindset meditate it's
pretty cool that I'm alive in that
better days I could walk see here I
should celebrate think I can change my
mind be elev living life every day late
at night not okay all I want and I pray
all I need some better
days yeah all I need are some better
days cuz all I want and I pray I believe
in the better I'm kind of stuck between
a rock in a hard place do I work hard or
live in my pace you're only Young on
yeah that's all great but I also want to
feature where I'm okay living life is
doing lots of cocaine wait no it's
living with no shame wait no it's
sleeping in on Sund I guess it's
different for each of us and it's okay
well I just want to be happy how to get
there glad that you asked me I think
it's different for everyone some of us
need work others need fun some of us
need purpose to overcome but try to do
what you love when it's said and done
cuz there's so many differences in each
of us trust your gut it can show you
what you want living life every day late
at night