here's how to redeem a valerant gift
card that you bought either from Amazon
or a physical store first of all locate
the code if it's a physical card it'll
be under the scratch off material if
it's from Amazon you'll find the code in
the confirmation email you got after
purchasing it if you did get it from
Amazon highlight the code rightclick and
select copy then open up the valerant
application and in the upper right hand
corner of the screen click on the teeny
tiny valerant symbol and and click the
tab that says prepaid cards and codes
click the text box and enter the code if
you used the copy function click ctrl+v
to paste it do not skip any dashes
you'll need those in there also note
that the code is case sensitive click
submit now when you go back to the main
screen you'll see the new amount has
been added to your currency total have a
great day everybody