what can I get with 12 blue coupons
let's have a look uh 12 blue coupons got
enough there oh yes you're going to like
this okay you have unlocked yourself
some plain brown boots oh are you you
sure those are the right boots yep some
plain brown boots you cuz I mean they
are just literally just plain brown
boots I don't know what do I what do you
want from me is that all I can get with
the blue coupons uh yes that's all you
can get with the blue coupons I've got
these all right golden
coupons and you got the golden ones yeah
yeah golden ones they're the best ones
say him how did you get these with a lot
of games man that's like literally
hundreds of hours of gameplay you have
unlocked in my opinion probably the most
wacky item in the game ever made really
yeah okay okay I can't okay are you
ready you have just unlocked yourself a
standard white T-shirt
okay so okay whatever