one of the things that really sucks for
AP bot laners is that nobody in bot Lane
takes magic resist shards so yeah it's
rough uh when no one takes magic resist
shards it's uh yeah how are we going to
balance AP bot laners when like quite
literally half of the league player base
trolls and doesn't like build to counter
them like of course they're going to win
all their matchups down there so yeah AP
bot Lane in general not just seraphine
but also for characters like vagar Swain
zigs Etc is this really weird problem
because we have this whole class of
characters that's incredibly powerful
down there but no one seems to want to
play them down there and no one seems to
even want to play like sorry not want to
play against them but even try to play
against them in terms of countering them
so you have this like thing where it's
like I feel like to some degree AP bot
laners aren't actually strong they just
are like preying on people who are like
as an example lazy with their runes
right it's just like yeah if I pick if I
pick vagar bot I'll just win if you're
lazy with your runes and it's just like
huh how do you balance how do you
balance a character like that where it's
like straight up like x% of their win
rate is purely because their opponents
just aren't thinking about playing
against them