hey what's going on everyone welcome to
the channel today's reaction is going to
be on Zed the master of Shadows and how
my reactions work is we're going to take
a look at his story and biography stuff
first then we'll move on to any
cinematic trailers or anything Zed has
and then we'll take a look at the Skins
the fandm wiki and then finally with the
voice lines and stuff at the very end so
just going in with the Zed reaction here
the little bit that I do know is the
whole like shed Shen and um aalii like
the they were like together for a little
while but then they parted ways and made
their own little groups I know Zed is
like kind of like he took over the group
essentially and then he made it kind of
more evil or he is evilish right and
then Shen and aali did their own thing
and then aali split from Shen and is
trying to do her own thing that's pretty
much all I really know about Zed to be
honest with you all right quote says
balance is a Fool's Master interesting
okay I have no idea like what kind of
personality Zed's going to have
whatsoever like I haven't heard I don't
think I've heard His Voice or anything
so this is going to be very very like
brand new for me role as assassin region
Ionia okay we do know that uh related
Champions Shen aalii who do we got here
oh yeah Kenan okay that makes sense too
Gangplank and jyn Gangplank oh jyn we
know that relation too Kane I think I
briefly know to as well but Gangplank is
kind of a random one in there for a
related Champion I don't know why
utterly ruthless and without Mercy Zed
is the leader of the order of Shadow an
organization he created with the intent
of militarizing ionia's magical and
Marshall Traditions to drive out noxian
Invaders during the war desperation led
him to unlock the secret shadow form a
malevolent Spirit magic is dangerous and
corrupting as it is powerful Zed has
mastered all of these forbidden
techniques to destroy anything he sees
as a threat to his Nation or his new
order okay so I'm straight up going to
go Star Wars again here just because
it's like what I can reference but
basically he just was like okay we're at
War uh we don't have enough power I'm
going to harness the dark side and drive
the noxians out right so but then like
it stuck with him right like he's he's
fullon dark and uh I'm sure he's still
there
I hope anyways mindwise but yeah let's
go ahead and find out about his
biography like I don't even know if Zed
is I I I think he's human um but maybe
he's not really human anymore we'll
we'll find out beneath ionia's veil of
Harmony lie the tales of those Left
Behind for Zed his story began as a boy
on the cold steps of the home of the
Kinko order taken in by Great Master
kusho himself Zed found his place within
the Temple's ancient walls he dedicated
himself to understanding the Kinko's
spiritual tenants quickly outpacing his
peers both in combat and study even so
he felt overshadowed by another his
master's son Shen though Zed's passion
shown through and every technique he
perfected he lacked Shen's emotional
balance in spite of this the two pupil
became like brothers right so Shen is
all about balance and Zed still had all
the skills and everything but he wasn't
balanced like Shen in time they
journeyed together with their Master to
track down the infamous golden demon
when they finally succeeded in capturing
this feared monster it was revealed to
be a mere man named K Jin the young Zed
marched forward with his blades held
high but kusho stopped him ordering that
Jinn be imprisoned prisoned instead okay
yeah so Zed was going to murder him just
like cold blood basically returning to
well not cold blood really returning to
their Temple Zed's heart bloomed with
resentment and he began to struggle in
his studies he was haunted by the
memories of jyn's grizzly murders and
Rising tensions between Ionia and the
imperialistic forces of noxus only
worsened by his worsened his
disillusionment while Shen was growing
to adopt his father's dispassion Zed
refused to let lofty Notions of balance
stand in the way of punishing evil oh
okay oh no he's like so adamant of like
taking Justice against evil that he he
becomes evil almost himself yeah or not
really but like he's just so yeah set in
his ways kind of he ventured deep into
the Temple's hidden catacombs and there
he discovered an ornate Black Box even
though he knew it was forbidden to any
but the masters of the order he peered
inside Shadows enveloped Zed's mind
feeding his bitterness with contempt for
the weak and hinting at an ancient dark
magic Wow his contempt okay returning to
the light of the temple he came to face
face came face to face with great Master
kusho Zed demanded the Kinko strike at
the noxian Invaders with every means at
their disposal when kusho refused Zed
turned his back on the order that had
raised him Unbound by Kinko Doctrine he
raised a following of Warriors to resist
noxus any Soul who threatened his
homeland or stood Idol in its defense
was Marked for Death without Mercy
including native vayah who wavered in
their allegiance like I kind of get
where Zed's coming from like wanting to
protect his homeland from the Invaders
but you know what I mean like he might
go too far right Zed urged his followers
to embrace the fervor of War but soon
enough he realized his own abilities
would never match his Ambitions without
the Black Box massing his new acolytes
he returned to the Kinko Temple where he
was met by kusho the elderly man laid
his weapons at Zed's feet imploring his
former pupil to renounce the shadows in
favor of a more balanced path moments
later Zed emerged back onto the temple
steps in one hand he grasped the box and
in the other his freshly blooded blade
so he he just took out Master kusho even
with Master kusho not defending himself
I assume the Kingo Frozen with shock
fell in droves as Zed's Warriors cut
them down he then claimed the temple for
himself establishing his order of Shadow
and began training his acolytes in the
ways of Darkness they etched their flesh
with shadowy tattoos learning to fight
alongside shrouded reflections of
themselves okay so I think I've seen his
ability in TFT so I'm trying to recall
like the little Shadow stuff um with his
abilities maybe Zed took advantage of
the ongoing war with noxis and the
suffering it brought to the ionian
people in the wake of a massacre near
their EOL River He Came Upon Cain an
oxan Child Soldier wielding nothing but
a farmer sickle Zed could see the boy
was a weapon waiting to be sharpened and
took him as his personal student in this
young acolyte he saw a purity of purpose
to match his own and Cain Zed could see
the future of the order of the Shadow
but isn't Kane like ever since he got
ever since him and uh the darken like
came together he's not part of the order
Shadow I believe right though he did not
reconcile with Shen and the remaining
Kinko now scattered throughout the
provinces they reached an uneasy Accord
in the aftermath of the war Zed knew
what he had done could not be undone in
recent years it has become clear that
the balance of the first lands has been
disrupted perhaps forever for Zed
spiritual Harmony holds little
consequence he will do what needs to be
done to see Ionia Triumph okay so he's
almost like um almost like a ionian he's
almost got like noxian ideologies but as
an ionian but he's not like trying to
conquer others he's just conquering his
own Homeland a little bit yeah I mean I
I get kind of where Zed's coming from he
just obviously went too far with it with
wanting power like he got a little taste
of the power when he got near the box
and so he wanted that power and he knew
it would help him defend his homeland so
he's like okay I mean I got to do what I
got to do and yeah I I get it but I also
get why it's wrong what he did right but
very cool origin story for him for sure
all right everybody so Zed is one of
those Champions that's just older his
gameplay spotlights from 11 years ago so
I didn't want to watch that because I
wasn't going to be sure if like his
abilities had changed and things like
that so we're just going to take a look
at his abilities overview uh and just
see what he does so yeah rooll assassin
difficulty is moderate and this is again
on the League of Legends official
website so the passive for him is
contempt for the week Zed's basic
attacks against low Health targets deals
bonus magic damage this effect can only
occur once every few seconds against the
same enemy Champion okay so it's just
showing here in the video just basic
attacks let's move on we have Razer
shuriken dead in his Shadows throw their
shurikens each shuriken deals damage to
every enemy hit oh cool so how many
shurikens come out looks like three
maybe I'm going to assume three
shurikens come out but they all come out
like in the same line okay cool why is
this one highlighted this one's
highlighted on its own so it's living
Shadow and it's also got a passive to it
Zed gains energy whenever he and his
Shadows strike an enemy within this with
the same ability energy can only be
gained once per cast ability and then
the active living Shadow ability is Zed
Shadow dashes forward remaining in place
for a few seconds reactivating living
Shadow will cause Z to switch positions
with his shadow ooh okay so let me see
the video here so there's the shadow
coming out that's just like the yeah
yeah and then he can switch places very
cool so you're doing a lot of trickery
and moving like back and forth and
teleporting and stuff like within your
little area right Shadow slash Zed in is
Shadow slash dealing damage to nearby
enemies enemies hit by a shadow slash
are slowed so we're not seeing how big
oh I guess it's in a full circle here so
it's all around him I was going to say
is it like a cone forward but no it's
like in a circle around him cool and
then the last one is his Ultimate Death
Mark let me just look at the video okay
so it looks like he puts like a shadow
behind somebody but let's see Zed
becomes untargetable and dashes to an
enemy Champion marking them after 3
seconds the mark triggers repeating a
portion of all the damage Zed dealt to
the Target while they were marked oh so
it's like an all-in attack on one single
enemy Champion so you do it and you try
to do as much damage as possible and
then when that 3 seconds is over boom it
does all that damage again so it's like
a crap ton of damage to one enemy
Champion so it's very like single Target
though I feel like I'm sure that's very
good I mean like if you're getting a
kill with an ultimate that's good
overall I feel like generally but you
know it is a single Target one so I
guess I'm kind of curious how good a
single Target ultimate generally is
because I I guess people can generally
Dodge them too but this one looks like
does it automatically no matter what
does it automatically hit the enemy
Champion let's say slash aalii one time
with zed does that trigger like it
automatically comes off right as long as
it's been as long as they've been marked
right well cool I mean I don't know how
good Zed necessarily is here I'm sure
he's pretty decent he is the Assassin
role so you know I'm sure he's going for
a lot of ganks and stuff like that but
he doesn't have like too many good
movement abilities I can see so like if
he's trying to get out of a place or
something it doesn't seem like he
necessarily has a good way of getting
out maybe um just just you know using
his shadows in a way to like get out of
like certain scenarios or something but
yeah that I don't know how how difficult
he is as a champion to use you guys let
me know in the comments all right guys
so when looking for Zed cinematics
nothing really came up because you know
he is an older champion and I get it
they just really haven't done anything
cinematic wise but we do have this
league animation Workshop it's called
Zed death Mark let's just watch it it's
a minute and a half long or minute 10 um
let's just
see I know Lux had something like this I
believe yeah see this is just a a thing
that could have been a cinematic but
they didn't fully go out with it or
something and so at least they're still
giving it to us right it's like concept
art oh see this would have looked so
good as a cinematic
man oh look at the shuriken
though dud the
Shadows dude that's got to be the most
annoying SL frightening thing just
attacking something and it just poofs
into a
shadow over and over you feel like you
can't kill
it again of course said with his claws
is going to remind me of like Wolverine
right just kick him in the
face a dude the red cape looks so cool
with this cinematic with no color in it
I just want this as an actual cinematic
Riot that was cool I'm glad we got it
anyway
um yeah this was just like clearly like
a little concept art that they wanted to
make or to become a cinematic maybe but
they didn't go all the way with it and
they just released it I guess I don't
know I'm glad they released it anyways
yeah I think I've seen this Lux one
that's behind me here and then it looks
like Darius and Misfortune also have
these little league animation workshops
yeah I guess they're just workshopping
something but they don't fully like you
know go all in on it so anyways cool
okay for Zed's login screen Champion
theme whatever you want to call it so I
see this one that that's old like 8
years old it's a minute long but then
there's a Galaxy Slayer Zed login screen
we'll do that one too since this one's
just obviously like super old it's a
minute long we'll listen to this and
then we'll do the Galaxy Slayer one
because I don't know if there's another
one besides the Galaxy one but let's
listen to this one so this was like old
zen original Zen before like the big
update right that I
imagine so this is very very early into
League
we're getting like a little
ominous like undertones to the
song drums adding in
yeah ooh the
D oh yeah that's very scary that sounded
pretty scary especially with the red
eyes
here
bum yeah it's giving off villain giving
off evil
Vibes it's the like trilling noise that
starts like maybe like 20 seconds in and
goes right there till the end the it's
pretty good I liked it it needs to be
longer but let's see if the Galaxy
Slayer one is any good as well all right
so since we got such a tiny theme for
Zed I saw that there was a Galaxy Slayer
Zed login screen so let's go ahead and
listen to this it's 2 and a half minutes
it's long they don't always do themes
for the Skins do they so this is pretty
oh
okay y the animation was crazy by the
way yeah I mean he's giving off villain
Vibes here for sure and the music is
giving off villain right straight
villain there
drums what is that it's like this
reverberating base going on it sounds
like
oh this is giving off such a villain
Vibe okay uhoh is it going to come in
harder now I feel like it is oh there's
like some warbling noise
too ooh I like the melody coming
in it's kind of
hype oh what is that
noise it's like some horror music uh
coming
in again adding to the villain stuff I
feel like I kind of don't see Zed
exactly as a villain but he he kind of
is right I don't
know he has his reasons but they might
not be the best
reasons oh there it
is oh dude the drums are so
good it's almost like Doom the doom song
If you guys know what I'm talking about
from the Doom game
game I mean the Doom games are even
heavier than this but it's giving off
Doom
Vibes o I like the the melody though
with
it okay this is a badass song
dude this is way better than his
original thing
obviously I feel like they could just
interchange it and put this as his
regular it it feels a little bit more
like cosmy like this skin is
but wow that was a good theme
song yeah that was that was really good
I really like I mean this is actually a
case of a song not doing any like violin
maybe there is and I just didn't realize
it a lot of the theme songs like to have
like a a violin or like a flute or
something like a piano right they'll
just have some other thing like that but
this song didn't really have that it was
very much more just just like bass and
like drums and and like a little bit of
a Melody there but it wasn't coming from
I don't know what it was coming from
exactly but it didn't seem like it was
coming from a piano or anything like
that so this was a very good villain
theme song I think for Zed so it was
very fitting all right so with zed
obviously being an older champion in the
game he's going to have a decent amount
of skins you know there are definitely
some uh other Champions that have more
than him but he has a looks like he has
a decent amount that we can take a look
at so let's go ahead and look through
them so the original design for Zed I
think it's pretty cool pretty unique uh
I don't think I could like reference
another character from another video
game that really looks like Zed
necessarily I mean yeah he has like the
ninja aesthetic but there's a lot more
to him right first up we have shock
blade okay so he looks like he's wearing
like actual traditional ninja uh um
apparel I guess you could say and then
they've kind of taken the armor off of
them and then now he's got like this
whole shock thing going to him let's
look at him in game yeah I think this
one looks pretty good this is probably
prob like an early design though just to
give them a little bit of a different
color palette for people if they want to
choose that but it's okay let's move on
next up we have the sktt1 version of him
um he looks okay in this but I think
this is one of the yeah this is an older
one from 2014 it's honoring faker's
winning performance as Zed during the
2013 World Championship I mean we all
know Faker so honoring Faker for this
that's got to be a pretty cool skin to
own just because it's Faker related um
but there's probably going to be some
better ones here in the future so let's
take a look okay so project now this
might actually be one that we choose the
project skin for my top favorite skins
here because this one looks pretty good
so obviously project being kind of like
the Cyber Punk futuristic type of skins
here he looks really good here he just
looks like a straight up machine with
like two scary blades attached to his
arms right I don't necessarily like the
second color palette here but I like the
red the black the blue or whatever
what's going on with him here I think
the project skin is really good actually
with zet and I think it matches pretty
well for his Champion all right so
worlds 2016 ooh oh he's got like a shiny
backpack or something going on here so
this one's just called worlds 2016
celebrating worlds 2016 in North America
that's straight up it uh it looks like
only has two color palettes as well he
kind of looks like a paladin from uh not
a paladin a zelet from Starcraft this
straight up looks like a zealot from
Starcraft uh I'll pull up a photo or
something probably on the screen but
that's what he looks like which is
actually kind of cool because I'm a
Starcraft fan so that looks cool in my
book so I'm actually going to say worlds
2016 is a pretty cool looking skin and I
would probably go with the golden
version even though he probably sticks
out more in the game death sworn whoa
okay now I see the three blades now
we're getting into Wolverine territory
here and this one he's just like an
ethereal demonic ghostly looking type of
um Zed version here it looks really good
we don't have a 3D model here and I
don't want to really actually go into
the 3D model but I think it looks really
really good here uh but let's see if
there's some better ones up ahead Galaxy
Slayer now this is the one that we
listen to the theme song for so this is
a pretty cool skin I want to see yeah I
want to see the other versions of it ooh
he also still kind of looks like a
zealot from from Starcraft here but
there's like a lot more going on with it
the blades are interesting what is
happening here with zed the blades are
almost like in a circular pattern inad
of just like straight on and it looks
really cool like the top part here as
well it's like a futuristic I don't even
know like alien race kind of like
apparel or whatever that he's got going
on here okay that one's really good I
don't know if it's my fav though let's
keep going on scops now this is giving
Splinter Cell I know some of you might
not know what Splinter Cell is cuz it's
kind of an older game now but I think
they're remaking it or they're going to
be doing a movie at some point but yeah
okay so Splinter Cell Zed is basically
what I'm going to say it looks okay but
there's something a little weird about
the mixture of like the futuristic
helmet with zed I don't know what it is
it's just giving off like that would be
like a Call of Duty Helmet or something
almost maybe that's just why I'm not
like Keen to liking it as much I still
think the design like all these
different color palettes there's like a
little bit of a uniqueness to all of
them it looks like it changes the emblem
the helmets all change so I think it's a
good skin but something isn't taking my
mind off the helmet and the head looking
like a Call of Duty skin to me so it's
like kind of eh Prestige project okay
now we got the hair coming out hold on
Prestige project better than the
original is it better than the yeah I
think Prestige project is better than
the original this looks insane I just
the hair sticking out of the top looks
crazy cool to me I don't know yeah yeah
yeah I like the prestige version better
actually I usually don't so that's
interesting deil n Zed okay so we got
fancy
Zed that's essentially what I'm thinking
of here a pilt over Zed something going
on here um he look okay so the helmet is
kind of scary here let me look at it in
the picture the helmet is scary I'm not
a big fan of like the suit the suit and
then he he looks like he's a powerful
man in pil over I will give you that and
then you can even see like the limo in
the background and everything not saying
it's not a good skin it's just not my
favorite like style I guess with the
suit and everything imperion Zed okay
well come on I mean come on look at this
skin What What In the they went crazy
with the colors on this one I forget
what other Champion had this skin set to
them but what like this looks incredible
it's the colors man now my question is
is like whenever you use a skin like
this though are you just kind of like
going to stick out a little bit more or
is it really that disadvantageous to
have something like this on the
battlefield like are you still able to
play I mean if you're a good player
you're a good player right but I don't
know is something like this it's so
bright and colorful it looks really
shiny and nice but in game is it
practical okay so this is definitely one
of the best skins I've seen for Zed
though 100% next up we have Immortal
Journey ooh this one's different no
helmet it looks like a mask two spinning
blades on his back like he's got like
like he could go fly at any moment
that's what it seems like he could like
they're like propellers and they'll
start spinning and he'll start flying
okay I like the use of having no helmet
here so you can see the face C Zed the
blades are unique they're they're um
they come to just a point one point but
they still have like the two coming
together though so it's still cool oo I
like the colors in this one with the
pink and the blue it looks really good
yeah this is okay so the newer skins of
course these two here at the end of
mortal journey and imperion I kind of
like those quite a bit and then I really
like Prestige project for maybe to round
out my top three favorite skins here I
think those are going to be the top
three for me death sworn looks really
good to Galaxy Slayer I know it has its
own theme but yeah these two here and
then the prestige project are probably
my top three skins I want to hear from
you guys though what are your favorite
skins okay he has a bunch of trivia on
the Skins page here holy crap okay so
let's go through these pretty fast if we
could so it says Zed is one of 20
Champions without a single ability power
ratio on any ability Zed's dance was
inspired by various martial arts the
animator is a black belt okay Zed is the
first Champion to not actually die
instead he drops into a shadow portal uh
says is the first one to do it but I'm
assuming there are yeah it says the
second is Ekko who rewinds time and
willm does die but Noo-noo does not okay
interesting Zed Sona Garen and VI were
targeted by jyn in his teaser after Zed
was shot his Champion icon on his League
of Legends page and the champion list
was updated to a gif with pedals blowing
past him oo that's kind of that's cool
lore that they did there Z is the fifth
Champion to use energy as a resource for
abilities uh okay and then before the
release of galaxy Slayer Zed and pulse
fire Shen neither him nor Shen reveal
their faces in any of their skins okay
so yeah once we got their faces uh we
got their faces finally I was going to
say like there was probably like a kind
of hype reveal for Zed's face I'm
assuming when those skins came out Zed
and Lucian perform the airplane arms run
when having very high movement speed
that's funny razor shuriken living
Shadow and Shadow slash respectively
mirroring thundering shuriken Shadow
Dash and Crescent slash as well as death
Mark assassins Mark and Mark of the
storm marking their targets reference
Zed having been a Kinko order member
okay so they're like similar I gotta
death Mark was ConEd with spawning two
living shadows and was animated
accordingly on release clicking one of
the living Shadows during death marks
animation used to display a K's portrait
this could only be done while spectating
in slow motion as his shadows in actual
game were just simply too fast to be
clicked on it was removed after the new
HUD came in 2015 and replaced the old
one zed and his enemy counterpart could
theoretically increase their ad
infinitely with Reaper of Shadows by
alternating killing each other before it
was removed from the game and v9.4 so
this is like some stuff that used to be
in the game there used to be some unique
little interactions it seems like with
some of the abilities Zed used to gain
the law of inverse ninja strength
cosmetic Easter egg debuff uh this unit
is a flipping ninja ninjas are more
effective when they work alone for every
Ninja on your team Beyond yourself you
lose one Health that's funny and then
that would happen when he aalii Kenan
and orhen found themselves on the same
team it was removed in V 3.14 for
unknown reason reasons at 23 August 2018
players who selected assassin as their
favorite class rated Zed 27% higher than
the other assassins as one of my
favorite Champions this difference is
the largest for a Champion by class okay
so Zed when it comes to the Assassins uh
that seems to be uh a lot of people's
favorite okay all right so now we're
going to go through his fandom Wiki and
it looks like his background has quite a
bit of stuff in it because I know there
is the comic for Zed so this is
essentially going to be kind of us
catching up with the comic it look looks
like from his fandom Wiki we may even go
look at the Zed comic all together in a
whole another video though okay so early
life a low class mother gave birth to
Goos when he was young Goos saw his
father walk out on their family born as
a northern peasant child Goos was a
servant of the thanel monastery at
around age 10 for 2 years nobody from
the Kingo would claim him as their neoy
and Apprentice a servant boy whose
duties included washing floors and
cleaning dishes he only had spare time
to train in the evenings after all his
work was done oh so Zed's like the poor
the poor kid that becomes like extremely
powerful right as a child it was his
dream to become a Kingo Warrior it was
his hope that if he showed his
determination that kusho wouldn't walk
out on Goos the way his father had the
opportunity finally came to him when
master kusho and his son Shen walked up
to Goos Kusha ordered his son to spar
with the servant child Goos did not do
well at first but he continued to spar
over and over again on the last chance
he had Shen purposefully let Goos hit
him goo's new family would nurse him
back to health from the hours of
sparring that occurred that day and
master cushio would take Zed on as his
student
whoa okay so Shen let him hit him wow
and then to know what happens between
Zed and Chen now in the future it's like
the ultimate betrayal dang okay so
getting the name of usan of keth at the
age of around 15 goo Shen and master
kuso disguised themselves as merchants
and journeyed to track down the golden
demon which we know is jyn pulling their
supply cart Goos and Shen discussed
their childhood friend and Shen's now
future fiance yevi at the end of The
Cliffs side they see smoke and mutilated
bodies for the first time Kusha calls
for them to Aid ktha Village's survivors
Goos is left to Aid with healing and
surgery as he is less hesitant to make
judgment calls Goos heals and AIDS the
wounded and through the traumatizing
experience of letting some die to save
others he learns a Kinko lesson known as
the lesson of the scales after the
ordeal kuso sits beside his Apprentice
to give him the Amulet of the eye of
Twilight as well as the name usan his
name new name is is one of status and
means the strength of compassion has
explained to him through the te through
tears that it is the word for the pillar
that bears the heaviest load okay so
this like Mission here is pretty
important to his progression and
becoming a better um a better Warrior
essentially basically but it's also
showing that Master kusho is having more
of a liking to at least according to
this paragraph it looks like he's having
more of a liking to um Zed here over his
own son Shen okay catching K Jin as usan
Shen invest investigated the golden
Demon's killings the trauma of seeing
the gruesome crime scen shook the two to
their core eventually they managed to
catch the golden demon revealed to be a
stage hand named caught a jyn usan
prepared to kill the criminal but kusho
intervened ordering jyn to be imprisoned
instead usan struggled in his studies as
he was shaken by Jin's crimes and the
tensions between noxus Ono nox's ongoing
encroachment on Ionia disillusioning his
perspective of balance and filling him
with a vengeful desire to punish evil so
we can really put some of the blame or a
lot of the blame on jyn and his killings
and like the the the just crazy like
terrible evil that jyn did in his
murders on part of Zed turning to what
he is now I guess right starting the
shadow order later usan found a box
within the Temple's hidden catacombs
which we do know this which contain the
tears of Shadow a magical ior gave him
the ability to control Shadow Magic at
the expense of tainting his mind with
darkness and then that's the other part
of like he was already like kind of like
he had this vengefulness to him but then
opening that box right really pushed him
to the darkness he proposed for the
Kingo to strike the noxians down with
everything they had but kha refused usan
left the Kinko and decided to take
justice into his own hands taking on the
name Zed he formed the shadow order a
group of former Kinko disciples with the
goal to defend Ionia by any extreme
means necessary realizing that the magic
within the black box was a requirement
for his goal Z in his acolytes raided
the temple when confronted by kusho Zed
made a deal with him to fake the letter
ladder's death in exchange for uniting
Ionia to fight in the war oh I didn't
know there was a deal made he didn't
actually die after slaying the remaining
K kinku uh the shadow order claimed the
temple as their own and they imbued
themselves with the tears of Shadow
learning how to fight alongside their
Shadows okay and then later Zed later
witnessed a massacre in barl as a
warning by noxus that they would show no
mercy one of the child soldiers that
noxus sent named Cain harbored tenacity
and perseverance that Zed saw potential
in so he recruited him into the shadow
order K quickly to master every weapon
in the orders possession with great
proficiency and stealth and
assassination with the order of Shadows
future ahead Zed knew that his actions
could not be undone but he must do
whatever it takes to secure ionia's
Triumph so I want to compare him a
little bit ideology wise to irelia in
the sense that they both have u a sense
of wanting to protect their country and
irelia very much so does want to do that
as well but I don't think she would go
to the extremes that Zed has I see her
as more of a good version of it but she
still very much so would probably do
something crazy in order to defend Ionia
right like she would go to whatever was
necessary but not something evil evil I
feel like that Zed would do okay cool
that was a lot of stuff that we learned
here especially at the top of like stuff
from his uh comic I'm assuming those are
from the comic so it was very cool stuff
to learn appearance Zed is a muscular
but slimly built slimly built man with
brown eyes fair skin and Shaggy white
hair his signature armor is a menacing
ninja regalia draped with dark red and
blue Fabrics tucked into dark gray metal
with golden accents most notable feature
is a Sinister metal mask with vertical
slats over the mouth Zed's eyes seem to
glow red from within his weapons of
choice are a pair of retractable dual
tipped blades that extend from his
forearms he also carries large shuriken
on his back while those are shurikens on
his back okay so the red eyes I'm
assuming that has to do with using the
Shadow Magic that they made his eyes red
because I don't know you know what I
mean like is there any mention of his
eyes not being red before and maybe the
Shadow Magic has made him that way
personality like many ionians Z is
deeply dedicated to his homeland where
he differs however as how far he is
willing to go in order to protect it
ruthless and decisive Zed is willing to
master forbidden Arts utilize deception
and secrecy and even betray his allies
in his efforts to keep Ionia safe yeah
see this is where uh I would think ieli
would draw the line she again would be
willing to go very very far to defend
Ionia I think but she wouldn't do some
of these things like uh utilizing
deception and well she might deceive
people in secrecy but I don't think she'
betray her allies and stuff I don't know
uh it's a very fine line though for sure
okay so abilities Shadow Magic Zed has
absorbed the powers of the tears of the
Shadows a magical ior that grants him
control over the Shadows the power of
the tears was forbidden due to its
corruptive nature making its full scope
unknown Shadow teleportation Zed can use
Shadows to go from one place to another
the teleportation is instantaneous anous
and can be done several times in a short
time allowing him to evade attacks from
enemies which we did see in that little
like um animation that we watched Shadow
clones Zed can summon Shadows versions
of himself and others to serve his
purpose he can use this as a distraction
against his foes or summon Shadow
Warrior to fight against his foes he can
also switch places with his clones
making attempts to hit him much harder
combat techniques Zed was once upon a
time one of the greatest of the Kinko
making a terrifying skilled fighter yeah
so cool oh it looks like the
relationship stuff might have get put
into the trivia section instead of up
top oh my God there's so much in the
trivia section holy crap okay guys let's
try to get through this Zed and Shen
trained together in the kingu order led
by the latter's father kusho both
students saw each other as Rivals but
also respected the other seeing him as a
brother and best friend Chen was even a
bit jealous of him Kusa was less strict
towards Zed and as he saw Zed having far
better potentials than his son Master
Kusha raised Zed as his own son and
chose him to be the successor of his
title while Zed also looked up to him
and his son as his own family after Zed
obeyed Kusha to betray the order his
relationship with Shen soured and became
ambivalent yeah Zed's resentment towards
Kusha led him to delve into the shadow
Arts found uh founding the order of
Shadow however he later convinced kusher
to defend Ionia from noxis and helped
later fake his death while he believes
in the necessity of the Kinko order and
the rule of scales he seeks to abolish
the old ways of balance while spreading
his no restraint philosophy he tried to
minimize casualties when killing Kinko
members though he needed enough people
dead so the Kinko would hate him and his
new order unfortunately violence quickly
got out of hand into an ugly and brutal
Feud instead leaving the Kingo and
murdering kusho led to murdering kusho
led to Shen being forced to take up the
title The Eye of Twilight which he never
wanted in spite of their animosity Zed
sought out Shen and to inform him about
jyn's release in order to stop him
together they later captured him the
second time in zon after learning that
Kusha was behind jyn's release Zed
returned to zoon and killed his former
Mentor okay so then Zed does end up
killing kusho Zed could have revealed
the truth about kusho to Shen but then
decided it was better for Shen to make
uh to be disillusioned with zed to than
to be disillusioned with his own father
that's probably not fair and maybe Shen
has a right to know but Zed is flawed
and blinded by his need to feel he's
worthy and honorable o that's some messy
stuff there because at the end of the
day kuso is Shen's father but the
relationship between Zed and kuso was a
little weird and like I don't know I
really feel like Zed probably should
have told Shen but then Shen probably
would have felt even more betrayed by
Zed and his own father and it probably
wouldn't have been good for Shen's like
mental state uh but I don't know like
that could have pushed Shen towards an
evil route but I don't know probably not
Zed kissed Shen's fiance what yevi
before leaving the Kinko order and later
killing Master kusho at one point they
secretly harbored feelings for each
other even though kuso forbade Zed from
it yni once beged Zed to run away with
her but he refused oh my God yo Zed is
just Zed literally stole Shen's entire
life like the life Shen was supposed to
be having you know being his real son
tuso being yenni's husband bro he was
stealing the dad he was stealing the
fiance that's nuts man the engagement of
shen and yni was called off after Zed
murdered cusha wow yeah I was going to
say I don't have any mention of like
Shen currently being with you have knce
so that was clearly just called off okay
Zed once Gangplank dead after he
ransacked the Temple of the jagged knife
okay Zed his order and the navori
Brotherhood are extremist they believe
the magic of ion is for the ionians
meaning they should be able to use it
however they like so limits on using
that magic don't sit well with them the
fact that some of the vasta tribes
fought for noxus and many tribes stayed
neutral during the war at least until
noxus started burning down their lands
doesn't sit well in Zed's view those
tribes are traitors and should be killed
oh wow okay Zed does not like the Noor
Brotherhood the Brotherhood was
originally an ally of the order before
Zed killed kusho now they are enemies
both rakan and Zia have encountered Zed
and his ninja clan in an attempt to save
a Grove from losing all its natural
magic oo okay I think there's a
cinematic for that isn't there aali
wants Zed dead for what he did H Zed's
Dead uh kie wants Zed dead for what he
did to the Kinko order in the past
including the supposed death of her
father Tano when she was captured by JY
Zed and Shen saved her from him yeah
that's cuz they had bigger problems but
yeah kie does want her revenge right Zed
favorite Zed's favorite pil is Cain whom
he treats as his own son and chooses to
be his successor long ago Zed chose to
be the sort of mentor and master he was
to Cain and that choice is ultimately
what separates him from kusho Zed
realizing he wasn't a malicious or
manipulative master that only sought to
achieve his own ends of regardless of
the consequence and actually sincere in
his actions as a father figure would be
significant moment in his life
especially because Zed has a lot of
guilt he knows he's damaged mentally Zed
knows that he what he's doing isn't
exactly heroic most of the time but it
had to feel good to really really know
he trained Kane well and earned his
loyalty do we really believe Zed like
mentally is like self-aware of
everything that he's doing or has he
kind of gone off to deep end I kind of
leave that question to you guys though
Zed most likely means holy Justice or o
Zed's original name was Goos but was
changed to uson strength of compassion
by Master kusho Zed is the name he chose
himself by coincidence the name Zed also
resembles a dialectical English name of
letter Z right was born from a peasant
family in keth Ionia his father left his
family when he was about 4 years old and
never returned he later rejected his own
mother to stay with kinku yeah so he
just kind of was like over his family I
guess Zed worked as a servant in Kiko's
order then jeel Monastery for over two
years until Master kuso decided to take
him as a student after Shen purposefully
let Zed hit him when Kusha wanted to
test Zed's potential yeah I mean Zed
really own owes Shen like kind of his
current life a little bit Zed is using a
forbidden technique called Shadow Magic
he is also using Shadows tears which are
a magical ior which Zed gives Zed and
his followers the ability to use Shadow
Magic when tattooed are ingested when
tattooed okay his tattoo can be seen
here now there's no thing here but
anyways according to Shen Zed's Shadow
clones are shaped by his guilt and
hatred and are controlling him instead
of Vice Versa ooh that goes back to my
question of do we really think Zed's
like self-aware Zed is around 34 to 35
years old Zed is 4 years younger than
jyn Zed appears to be amid uh
ambidextrous Zed was originally
considered for the position of the ey
light of Twilight eye of Twilight before
the armor Zed wears in game is
considered his war armor and not what he
wears during stealth missions or in his
day-to-day life okay so like that's
armor armor straight up zed has a
rudimentary understanding of healing for
performing surgeries and healing magic
yeah we saw that in the comic section up
top it was believed for a long time that
Zed killed Master kusho to obtain the
tier of Shadow for the power the shadow
order remembers needed to fight back the
noxian Army This was later revealed to
not really be the case as Zed convinced
kusho to take part in the more and
helped him fake his death that must be
in the comic right some of the known
draft scenes and cutcenes in his comic
series include so these are draft scenes
or cutcenes I think we're actually going
to skip those because I don't want to
get my lore in my brain messed up with
what's actually Canon for Zed so we're
actually going to skip all that stuff
all right guys there was a lot of lore
here to zed and I see why Zed was kind
of recommended by uh some of you from
previous videos and whatnot because he
does have a lot of lore to him there's a
lot of interactions with him and Shen
and aalii a lot of stuff has happened
with his lore so he's got kind of an
interesting story obviously we have
these six Comics yeah it looks like
there's six issues to read we may or may
not do that as a separate video and just
like go through the comics together like
we did for Katarina we'll have to see in
the future but yeah lots of stuff to
digest here guys all right so we're
going to start off with the legends of
Runa voice lines first it looks like Zed
was initially in legends of Runa from
the get-go like at the beginning of the
launch of the game Zed was out so this
skin spotlights video like the it's a
little bit weird they didn't really
space it out with character-wise so
we're just going to listen to all that
skin spotlights has in this video looks
like there's maybe a decent amount of
voice lines here let's find out if we
can uh learn anything about Zed from
these voice lines though I feel your
fear noxian
dog you're the one hiding behind a mask
okay so we know Zed is not going to like
Darius or any noxians I think that's the
first have I heard Zed's voice before it
sounds familiar but all right let's keep
going thinking feeling is that all you
do small minds know only action without
purpose she just called him small-minded
basically dumb okay so he's criticizing
Karma here for the way she's going about
the noxian war isn't she like very
passive when it comes to that so much
power crippled by restraint yeah there
power is nothing without purpose she
seems very smart though right time for
this candle to flicker out I'll melt
away your
shadows okay Lux a shadow to cut through
the light our blades speak far louder
than words H we both want what is best
for Ionia and now see that's true I
believe only one of us pursues it and
only one of us pursues it you should
have stayed away you cannot Escape your
power
wow this like this interaction here
between Zed and Chen it's very it's a
very interesting story because like just
the way that they were friends and now
they're totally not it's the king watch
over Ionia watch all you want my order
will act yeah but Zed sometimes you got
to think before you act you know I don't
know the enemy of my enemy barely
tolerates you you do well in my order
okay I'm nobody's Pawn
yeah he's a lone he's a call murderers
as though it were an insult save it for
someone who listen wow oh so Zed is like
trying to say because he knows Yasuo
killed his master but no that's
obviously not the case right but
interesting take there Zed's trying to
like reason with Yasuo by saying hey we
both murdered our Master why don't you
you know come hang out with me an AB
pupil my life for the order okay the
Shadows have enlightened me this is an
ally arriving someday you'll learn the
true meaning of that word Enlightenment
may your wonderings find you peace okay
so that's all we have for Zed there I
think there's going to be another
section of them so we'll go look around
for those we meet again old friend mhm
we're not The Men We once were true
you'll never destroy the
kingu your father believed the
same whoa wow wow bringing that out come
on Z no match for me Zed you're right I
far surpassed you oh how did I not even
think about this so okay in my head Zed
would beat aalii hands down right like
aalii has some ambition to her but I
think Zed and Chen are both stronger
than a coli just lorewise anyway but Zed
and Shen fighting I want to hear from
you guys in the comments who would win
that silence the
Unworthy death will bring them
silence okay just kill people that's all
that voice line was I am the blade in
the darkness are you supposed to be
here no I don't think he is do not fear
the shrouded path I walk your path alone
she's only with the Shadows got it the
weak let power R
them Such a Pity oh it doesn't respond
okay my dream nearly complete an apt
pupil okay we none question me an apt
pupil Master said will be pleased Master
said look what you've become okay who is
this usari guy he seems scary none
Escape their Shadow H that's true he's
not wrong oh I like the Laugh they will
all learn to fear my order to feel my
order
fools our work is not yet done yeah he
doesn't seem like somebody to give up
does he all right guys that's actually
it for the voice lines now this video is
four years old so if there's been like
additional voices added where there's
like more interactions with zed in in
the game there might be some but skin
spotlights doesn't have it in this video
so this is all we're going to get for
Legends run Terra unfortunately so I
really want to roll it back so we got a
few interactions you know of course in
here with uh Shen and stuff like that
but I really like I think
I don't know I don't want to say they
hate each other but maybe you guys will
tell me they hate each other but they
are very much at odds with one another
like they kind of want the same thing
they both want to protect Ionia but they
just have different methods about doing
it I feel like if I was Shen I would be
a little angry if I knew but see Shen
doesn't know the whole thing about his
father uh you know Zed hiding that from
him and then I don't know if he knows
anything about his former fiance and Zed
trying to like possibly be coming
together and stuff like that but if I
were Shen I would be like very hateful
towards Zed I feel like just because
he's betrayed everything that you know
he was brought up with the order and
everything like that so I don't know I'm
just very interested in the relationship
between Zed and Shen and I hope they do
some more with that in the future based
on our reaction here with zed if I go to
react to Shen later in the future I
don't know if there really is going to
be too much more info over on Shen's
side of things you know there's the
whole Shen and a coli stuff going on too
but yeah I feel like we kind of got the
full story of both of them with this
whole Zed reaction it was also very
interesting that he's trying to like
recruit yasu I mean yasu is obviously
very powerful so I see why but yeah
Yasuo is like he's kind of like the
third guy just he's kind of doing his
own thing right he doesn't really fully
care about the whole Zed and Shen
conflict so I don't know I thought these
really good I like the voice for Zed it
makes it sound like it's coming through
a mask sort of like it's coming through
the vents in the mask and it sounds very
Sinister right so I like how they went
with the voice overall for him overall
though these were really cool voice
lines you know obviously would have been
cool to see a little bit more like
interactions with aalii and stuff like
that but I don't think she was in the
game at the time but yeah maybe we'll
get some of that stuff with the League
of Legends reactions all right so what I
believe I've discovered for Zed and I
know it's because he's an older Champion
right uh we have a little bit of voice
lines only like a minute and a half here
from another YouTuber that we're going
to listen to first but I believe they
did a Galaxy Slayer Zed just like we did
for the theme we reacted to the theme
we're going to react to the Galaxy
Slayer Zed's voice lines because that's
really all we're gonna officially get
from the riot team on like newer voice
lines for him so I guess when we go to
listen to the Galaxy Slayer stuff I want
to hear from you guys in the comments on
any other like little things in there
that I might miss because it's going to
be you know a whole different kind of
skin and I might not understand some of
the voice lines but let's go ahead and
listen to these original ones the video
is also very old it's 9 years old I
think so these are going to be like his
old old voice lines and they might not
even be Canon anymore but let's listen
the Unseen blade is the deadliest okay
we can understand a sound no technique
is forbidden breath the Shadows find the
truth do not fear the shrouded path okay
already back then we were getting like
the shadow ninja type of Voice balance
is a Fool's master I feel like we've
heard that one Secrets kept our weapons
wasted the Shadows have enlightened me
oh yeah we that is weakness the truth
lies eyes in darkness some of these are
the legends ofra voice the corpse of
wisdom tradition is the corpse of
wisdom whoa okay I have done cannot be
undone only the worthy Will Survive I've
heard I am the blade in the darkness cut
the last breath from them the shadow is
within yeah a lot of these are the
legends of inter do not deny me they
follow the delivery on that do not deny
me wow and you can really hear like this
raspy like ventilation type voice coming
from the mask it's wrong
Master none Escape their Shadow I like
that voice ignorance is fatal ignorance
is
fatal forbidden Shadow wins Embrace wait
was that like a Mortal Kombat reference
or die in darkness or die in darkness
okay the mest shade of Me Oh I like that
the mest shade of me is enough to defeat
you is enough to defeat you I do like
that me
Shen you shall not be an orphan long o
That's taunting Shen
specifically that laugh sounds
goofy that sounds real goofy the one
that we got in legends of R was way
[Music]
better that sounds like somebody's
Grandpa have to laugh okay the last part
not so funny but uh yeah these were
actually pretty good so clearly they
reused some of these voice lines and
probably made them a little bit more
highdef or maybe this video isn't as
highdef but they obviously use some of
these again in legends of room Terra but
there were some in here that I really
liked that were not in that but yeah
they were just your typical obviously
these weren't interactions with other
people these are just as regular voice
lines a lot of ninja stuff a lot of
Shadow stuff kind of just like you know
like just do what you need to do
ignorance is fatal like that kind of
stuff all right I'm excited Ed to get
into the Galaxy Slayer stuff because
that's all we're going to get for him so
let's go ahead and take a look at those
all right so like I said earlier please
let me know if there's like any little
hints or stuff that I won't know because
this is just a different version of Zed
uh but let's go ahead and get into
them look at the skill look at the moves
Zen what was
that wait
what what is happening what was that
voice line okay worldly Spirit jins but
it cannot sa you this is Odyssey Jinx
worthy Spirit Jinx but it cannot save
you from us us so he referring to
himself as us is that what's going on in
another life Kan you might have been a
half decent pupil ah okay well I
understand that one I like these Odyssey
skins whoa now we heard you were hard to
kill challenge accepted okay soona we
both know the Templars lie join us H
that must be from the Odyssey stuff
Captain Yas this is your crew your
brother would be so disappointed oo okay
we understand that so wait a minute so
Galaxy Slayer Zed is essentially like
the villain of the Odyssey voice line or
voice L Odyssey skins I guess in that
Universe do space rats go to
heaven okay that was this pain urges us
to kill you though we do not know
why
you intend to destroy us a grave mistake
so Cosmic Skins are what are you what
are you well that Dark Star skin looks
heavy jins let's cut it off dang okay
Kan our first and final lesson begins
all right we're not going to get any
Shen stuff are we because there isn't an
odyssey
sh soona you disappoint us
us why is Galaxy Slayer Z referring to
us title
Captain ready to be disgraced again SES
again is that a reference to zig's
actual lore almost miss your voice jinx
it had a certain loud quality okay we we
understand that one that's funny not
good enough Kane not good enough Kane I
like that voice line for the Simplicity
of it but it's also like really good
trash talk not even close now fight not
as good as the last one we thought you
knew better Sona those all three of
those voice lines basically the same no
cure for foolish
captains okay it's still very much Zed
but it's obviously a different Universe
confirm right space rats do not go to
heaven I like them finishing that up
that's funny so fragile so weak yeah
like this very much so could be Z except
for for like the Odyssey
stuff like these regular lines here life
at a
price life at a price Embrace Your
Destiny Okay survival of the fittest
that is definitely Zed's Philosophy for
sure what was that
filth filth is your entire species this
brittle dang oh is he referencing just
humans are you humble
you should be H okay pentac
kill we are life we are Evolution we are
said I want to know the lore a little
bit behind the we and like the US for
for the Galaxy Slayer version here one
by one they all fall down I like that I
like the delivery of the line too
consider this our
gift your resp they lack
humor okay we pray you fight better than
you talk he wants a good
fight someone likes Aura shall we
demonstrate its power Aura okay what
does Aura have to do with this whole
universe our enemy came all this way to
face us see this is this is my this is
my gripe a little bit with the riot
stuff they put a lot of work into like
making whole universes with these skins
and instead of like updating some of the
older stuff for their current Champions
say we try too
hard nothing can bury
us whoa the armor coming on was crazy
not even death I like that
respawn not even death can contain us we
do not
regret no regrets bro your life
perfected life perfected damn that's an
eego we have seen what we have done you
are all part of
it we will cure the Galaxy of conflict
cure the galy by kill everybody
ignorance probably we once bowed before
the Templars now we are the truth they
deny yeah like this is all lore that
they made for these skins and it's like
what man okay so I know a lot of you
guys though um will know the lore behind
this whole universe with like the
Odyssey stuff the cosmic skins it looks
like the dark star and then Galaxy
Slayer Z so I guess is he like the big
bad against the Odyssey crew or
something in this universe you guys will
have to let me know that um and then any
of the other questions I had about
little tiny things here there's the one
about like Aura whatever this Aura stuff
is um and then there's like a little
question I had about ziggs but yeah like
I saw little hints here and there like a
lot of just like the trash talk I could
see Zed totally saying those things
unless they were more just towards this
universe Canon wise but yeah I still in
my personal opinion I want to hear from
you guys basically like what do you guys
think I know now Riot is totally saying
okay we're not going to focus on
multiverses anymore we're going to focus
on just our Canon lore we're going to
focus on like Arcane arcane's going to
be Canon now like all of that stuff
right did Riot making lore for these
universes these multiverses make you
want to buy the Skins more or do you
guys think you would have still enjoyed
these skins perhaps if they still didn't
even have the lore right like I want to
hear from you guys on that because I
feel like there's a lot of Champions and
that just don't have lore that's been
updated or touched for a very long time
and I know they're slowly going through
and like reworking Champions and reading
lore and things like that but it seems
like a lot of time and effort was put
into making these multiverses for these
skins and now it sounds like they're not
going to even be doing that anymore and
I'm just kind of wondering like why they
went down that route and if you guys
thought it was worth it for the skins
for them to do that okay besides all
that I think I enjoyed Zed's voice lines
I think they were okay um I'm more
interested in the more like lore
interactions with him more than just the
regular stuff because a lot of his
regular voice lines are just you know
ninja stuff Shadow stuff or like
ignorance like people are ignorant and I
should just kill all these people
because they're dumb and stuff like that
right they should be it's like my way or
the highway kind of thinking but the
more interesting voice lines were the
ones that he had with Shen the ones from
the legends of runas stuff right so like
the Shen stuff the Yasuo stuff those
were the most interesting to me Zed wise
you know hopefully they add more voice
lines for him in the future you know I
know they're going through and reworking
I don't know if there's any talk of that
with zed but you know Zed's a zed seems
like a very popular champion in the
community so I think they should
definitely do some voice lines for him
in the future we don't really have too
much more to say about the voice lines I
think this reaction was very fun I like
to see where these Champions can go in
the future I think there's going to be a
giant Feud possibly between Zed and Shen
if that perhaps gets pushed by the riot
Dev team I don't know if they want to
push that or you know another noxian
Invasion into Ionia like if we get a
giant War like that in the future maybe
Zed and shed could come together again
and help fight off or there's the whole
Jin thing too I didn't really mention
that but you know jyn is still a problem
right so that is a commonality between
Zed and Shen besides the Ionia thing
they have the commonality of wanting to
get rid of jyn and it seems like it's PR
impossible right I don't know what's
going to happen there but I would like
to see you know some more lore pushed by
the riot devs for sure in the future and
maybe that stuff will come in the MMO
that comes out but who knows right all
right guys I appreciate you all coming
around for this reaction thanks again
for watching please leave a thumbs up on
the video and leave any comments letting
me know anything I may have missed or
any other comments that you want to
leave for me I'd appreciate it and
consider subscribing to the channel and
I'll see you guys in the next video
[Music]
peace
[Music]
o