making League of Legend abilities into
Thea items the goal of this series is to
make fun items that can actually be used
in a normal playr today we will have a
look at zo's paddle star ability it
fires a projectile that deals increased
damage with distance traveled the
ability can be activated again to
redirect the missile near the player the
intended use is to cast the ability
backwards before switching its direction
to deal massive damage let's get started
fortunately the ability fits the Skyland
item visuals used by star Fury I'll use
it as bases this is also a good place to
put the item as early game Tera madees
could use some more weapon options after
some time the weapon is done and it's a
very cool way of dealing with simple
enemies like this or that which ability
would you like to see next the mod will
be available in the mod browser once in
times are done so stay tuned for that