you have probably heard that the new
anti-cheat system Vanguard is coming to
League of Legends it's going to be
implemented in late February or early
March so there isn't much time left
Vanguard is going to have major
consequences for the game for example
skin spotlights content is at stake and
most likely you will need to say goodbye
to your custom skins or custom maps also
if you played league on Linux you can
also say goodbye to it so what is
Vanguard Vanguard is a proprietary
software that was invented by riot games
let me elaborate on how it works as many
find it
controversial Vanguard has been in use
in valerant ever since the game launched
I myself played a bunch of valerant
games and also other FPS games like CS
go I think that the vast majority of
people would agree that Vanguard has
been a much much better anti-che system
that whatever anti system csgo and later
CS2 has been using but Vanguard isn't
just an average anti cheat system not
only does it operate while the game is
active but it also operates at the
kernel level what does it mean well it
operates at the core of a computer's
operating system and it pretty much has
complete control over everything in the
system kernel controls or Hardware
resources arbitrates conflicts between
processes concerning such resources and
optimizes the utilization of them for
example CPU usage or file systems if you
want to learn more about what kernels
can do I link the Wikipedia page in my
description but in short they can do
pretty much everything as a result
kernel level anti- systems are much more
successful than non-kernel ones it can C
scripters and Bs more reliably it can
even apply a BN during the game if
someone gets bunned in your game the
game gets cancelled so no one is
punished and loses LP of course with the
exception of the cheater we could
already witness this system in action in
valerant and because it operates at the
kernel level Riot can also reliably
apply a hardware BN on your PC if that
happens you would either need a new PC
or change a bun of your components that
the BN was applied to Hardware bun could
be for example a bun on your hard drive
motherboard or your windows account for
this reason watch out when you buy a PC
from someone it might be Hardware baned
in League of Legends or some other game
at this moment you might be thinking oh
my God this is a crazy system I would
never allow it on my PC well I'm sorry
to tell you but it's extremely likely
you have already allowed kernel level
anti-che on your PC with some other
games it is more common than you might
think more than 300 games use kernel
level antie and these are not some Niche
titles we're talking about very
well-known games some of the examples of
games using kernel level software are
Apex Legends Assassin's Creed games
pretty much all Battlefield games Call
of Duty games Destiny 2 Elden ring fear
Far Cry games H1Z1 gin impact fortnite
lost Arc OverWatch 2 pubg rust Tom
Clancy games War Thunder or Warhammer
games even fall guys and even Need for
Speed prostrate and under cover are
using kernel level antie you can check
out the full list of games using kernel
level software by checking out the link
in the description But Here Comes the
question does Vanguard work similarly to
the other kernel level anti that other
games use and here we reach the biggest
problem that people have with Vanguard
yes it works differently than other
caral anti-cheats you have to know that
Vanguard launches when you boot your PC
Vanguard runs on your PC all the time
and this is what people don't really
like vast majority of Kel anti only run
when you launch the game so can you even
close Vanguard well kind of you can
close the software but if you want to
play leak again you will need to reboot
your PC there's no other way to open
Vanguard if you closed it you need to
restart your PC but is there a valid
reason to have antiche running
24/7 well there is this makes it even
more difficult for people to do any
cheating since their PCS are constantly
monitored this is why face it or Esa
anticheats in Counter Strike also run
all the time to those of you that are
unaware what fa it or Esa are these are
pretty much an external replacement for
normal matchmaking that you have in
Counter Strike Counter Strike doesn't
have kernel level antiche by itself so
very high rank and pro players in
Counter Strike almost exclusively play
fait or Esa and these days Kel levels
anti-et is pretty much the default way
to go for FPS games but of course such
intrusive anti cheets come at a risk Esa
in 2013 had a major controversy as it
was found out they were actually mining
Bitcoin with people's PCS that being
said Vanguard hasn't been involved in
such controversy yet and Riot is a much
bigger entity than Esa so there would be
much more to lose for Riot but what
about different operating systems
Windows players will of course need
Vanguard to play leak there's no other
way Vanguard won't support certain
versions of Windows 10 but such versions
are no longer supported by Microsoft
themselves most likely this shouldn't be
a concern to you unless you are running
some old cracked Windows 10 version what
about Mac well if you play league on Mac
you don't need to worry Max won't
require Vanguard to play League of
Legends as Riot finds them secure enough
but if you play league on Linux I'm
sorry to say but you have about two more
months of being able to play the game
some of you may also ask the question
does League of Legends really need such
a system as Vanguard for a game like
valerant it's pretty obvious why strong
anti-cheat is a necessity
cheating in FPS games is extremely
prevalent a great example being
previously mentioned CS goo or CS2 back
to the question of cheating in a game
like League of Legends is it a big
problem unfortunately it seems that
scripting and Bing has been on the rise
especially since Riot games was hacked
at the beginning of 2023 they themselves
admitted that this resulted in more
cheaters in League of Legends and are
aware that this is a significant issue
for the game furthermore in a game like
leag there are plenty of ways to cheat
without making it very obvious unlike in
FPS games so from the perspective of
game quality and competitive Integrity
it seems like the right way to go what's
also worth knowing Vanguard isn't really
completely Problem free or some people
it can significantly impact the
performance of their PCS but for that
we'll need to see how it goes I even
experienced problems with Vanguard
myself I vividly remember when a few
years ago I downloaded an installed
valerant and again game didn't work for
me at the time it was necessary for me
to go to bios settings and change some
settings there to be able to even run
the game it took quite a bit of figuring
out plenty of people reported such
problems as far as I know this has only
been a thing on Windows 11 but is it
going to be the same for leak I really
don't know if it's going to require some
people to change bio settings to even
play leak I can definitely see a decline
in player base it's neither very
intuitive or easy to do for an average
person so let's just hope we won't need
to go that way what about Vanguard
impacting the League of Legends
Community as I already mentioned being
able to play with custom skins or custom
maps is almost certain not to be
possible anymore this is obviously a hit
to some of the content creators like
drud or sloppy walrus who use this very
often if you don't think it's bad sloppy
walrus is already finishing his
application for McDonald's employment
Vanguard will also heavily impact the
biggest League of Legends content
creator skin spotlights such Kel level
antiche directly interferes with skin
spotlights tools and it will impact
things like his Katarina dami his s mark
on the ground fast video recording
camera positioning chromas interactions
and so on as he says quote I don't think
it will but there is a chance Vanguard
might be the push for me to move on of
course like with any other Cal level
software there is a concern of data
privacy with Vanguard RI in their 2024
preview video promised that they don't
care what you do on your PC they don't
collect personal information they only
collect the data they absolutely need
for League of Lance and yada yada yada
it is completely normal that this is
concerning to people but it's worth
remembering that multiple games already
use Kel level software that being said
Vanguard unlike the other anti cheets
runs 24/7 so this can be a pain point
for some people what may also concern
some people is that Vanguard is an
antiche made Riot and Riot is fully
owned by tensent which is a Chinese
company but whether that should be a
concern it's entirely up to you and at
the end of the day it's entirely up to
you to decide if you are fine with
Vanguard or not hope you learned a
little bit about leak's new anti feel
free to share your own experiences with
Vanguard thanks for watching cheers