here's three of the most broken supports
to play in season 2024 rakan carries on
his fine form from season 13 and emerges
already as one of the best supports you
can play the new Trailblazer gives him
extra roaming power and the rework Z's
convergence gives him an AOE slow when
engaging with his ultimate it feels like
the item was made for this Champion
Bliss grank is also loving these same
new items as rakan and in the crazy new
season soloku chaos the beat boot
Bastian is boasting one of the highest
win rates in the support role so as long
as you can land those hooks there's
really not many better is absolutely
destroying Lanes this season 2 with him
being the perfect support for those
aggressive Lane stomping ad carries like
Misfortune and Samira so get stuck in
early on set up those plays with your CC
get super beefed up and face tankk your
way through the ranks head to mics. to
see the best support builds this season
good luck