voice chat is a staple in most online
multiplayer games even though on paper
it sounds like vocal communication would
be a no-brainer addition to a game like
League of Legends it's never been added
in this video I'm going to explain why
riots refusal to add voice chat to
league needs to be reconsidered and if
you're thinking to yourself why my
opinion means anything I fit Challenger
so I have some valid credentials to give
my two cents does League of Legends need
voice chat the age-old question that
players have been debating ever since
the game came out yes yes it does
but snowball League already has a voice
chat feature no it doesn't this league
voice feature was just a cringe cop out
to what many players have been asking
for over the years it only works in
pre-made lobbies meaning that the whole
purpose of it in the first place is
useless it's way easier to just use
Discord since it's an actual software
made to do the same thing but better in
every way aside from that rant before
explaining my reasoning for being pro
voice chat I wanted to explain why Riot
has never added it even though they
obviously have the knowhow considering
Allin has it to sum it up it's the
potential toxicity looking at the pro
player daron's tweet from March last
year he was basically arguing for the
sake of adding voice chat one of Riot's
game devs Joe White agreed to daron's
take but also stated that it could
introduce more problems than solve
highlighting the potential of targeted
aggressiveness from the player base
towards women and people of color so
even with Riot's concern why do I think
otherwise well I'll start from the
beginning and just circle back to Joe's
argument later in the video first I'll
go over what I think are the pros of
implementing voice chat in League of
legendss the most obvious reason being
it's a team- based game league is very
very unique in that the performance of
your teammates actively contributes to
how much more difficult or easy the
matches can become far more than other
multiplayer games that aren't mobas take
a game like OverWatch for example if you
die there's no sense of impending doom
because you just respawn and are back on
a leveled playing field with the Enemy
there are no items and no currency
system you and the enemy are just the
characters's kits and how you use them
so even if your OverWatch teammates play
badly it doesn't mean you'll necessarily
have a harder time facing the enemy
individual skill feels more rewarded in
this case but league is a team- based
game so naturally individual skill feels
less rewarded with a larger emphasis on
team play at the root of am MOA you'll
have more access to the game the more
you and your team play off each other as
optimally as possible so optimal
communication with your teammates like
voice chat would be super helpful to
make matches feel higher quality I mean
there's a reason that using voice chat
and competitive and pro play is standard
it's literally what a MOA needs to be
mid maxed in its Highest Potential skill
ceiling this leads me to my next point
with matches being higher quality they
would literally just be more fun league
is a video game and I think people often
get sucked into it so much that they
forget the point is to have fun while
winning is really fun sometimes you'll
lose a match but genuinely feel that
sense of GG if it was actually an
intense but satisfying experience I
think that anomaly would become more of
a consistent experience if voice chat
was introduced also to me bantering with
your lobby would make the game really
fun too even outside of the whole
competitiveness and optimality argument
in Call of Duty that was one of the most
fun aspects of the game it would be the
same with League maybe it's because I'm
a very social person but considering
these points I think voice chat would
also add a better sense of community in
League of Legends I could just imagine
chap select VC just being a designated
venting session from everyone's last
match reclaiming their mentals and
drafting picks together that is a
universal potential for all ranks in my
opinion the only real con one would
think of that goes against the addition
of voice shot in league would be
toxicity however even on top of all the
things I listed as Pros I genuinely
think if voice coms were added to League
the game would be less toxic yeah you
heard me less toxic um snowball but
League of Legends players are the most
toxic Community well yeah however to
expand on my theory let's talk about
what actually makes league players so
toxic the snowbally aspect of league is
a big part of it for sure if the enemy
laner has more kills than you it's no
longer an even playing field 99% of the
time when you're literally just getting
stat checked the game naturally becomes
more frustrating when you're winning
you're winning hard but when you're
losing you're losing hard another
toxicity generating thing about league
is that the matches are super long every
player is committing between 30 to 40
minutes of their time whenever they
queue up for Summoner Rift if your
teammates played poorly and the enemy
team is extremely ahead in Gold you're
essentially stuck in that match fighting
a losing battle or that's at least how
players see it when it's part of the
reason they'd lash out especially if
your teammates refuse to surrender
however this doesn't just stem from
badly performing teams as it can come
from the toxic players themselves which
leads me to my next Point league is a
MOA and since those are the hardest
games to both get into and master there
is so much room to make mistakes after
hitting Challenger a tip I can give you
if you want to climb is to identify the
mistakes you know you're making and
learn from them however most toxic
players don't do this instead they blame
others the more mistakes a toxic person
person makes the more opportunity they
have to lash out their emotions and
project onto their teammates it's also
way easier for this type of person to
blame someone else for a match whether
the player they're blaming performed
badly or not they'd use any opportunity
they can to direct the blame away from
themselves this will also happen whether
they know they're at fault or they're
too dumb to recognize that their
teammates aren't finally the last main
reason League of Legends players are so
toxic is because there's no humanization
in the player communication when someone
is being toxic towards you whether you
argue back or not all the toxic person
is seeing are pixels on a screen it's
much easier for someone to get carried
away with what they're saying when
there's no human emotion revolving the
receival or reciprocation of their
message like if someone is calling me
horrible at the game and saying things
like they hope I could cancer and die
they're not seeing or really feeling the
repercussions of their words with these
four points being the main catalyst for
toxicity in League of Legends currently
it's very easy for me to break down why
adding VC would contribute to combating
these issues for the first three points
they all fall under the same argument
adding voice chat would subsequently
increase match quality as I've stated
earlier this boosting player skill would
lead to eventually minimizing the
toxicity stemming from a player's
negative experiences in a match with
communication players will most likely
die less which would make League less
snowbally which would also lead to
players making less mistakes on average
which would then make the long matches
less frustrating to endure from a losing
perspective in terms of the last point
if voice Shad existed there would be a
lot less flame in my opinion players
will be able to hear the other person's
voice you can feel that tension and the
way your words impacted the other person
however this doesn't only fix the issue
by opening players up to empathy most
people who are mean are just low IQ
insecure keyboard Warriors and the ratio
of those people who would be mean to
their own team in call would be way
smaller this is because it's less
convenient to be hostile towards other
people when they can actually defend
themselves properly and put you in your
place especially in front of others this
fact would also just just limit normal
in-game chat toxicity as well since
there's less incentive to Flame by
typing in chat if your teammates might
tell you to join the call and say the
same words there that type of situation
could become a much larger confrontation
than keyboard Warriors would normally be
comfortable with having in the first
place basically the fact that your
teammates aren't just pixels on a screen
but actual human beings would translate
in ways that would make it harder to
casually flame people which is what the
leag community is known for however
circling back to Riot's concerns about
massage and racism I think it'd be
disingenuous to ignore them we all know
that in valerant playing as a woman is
just inherently different than playing
as a man this is because most of the
time they'll be treated differently
immediately by at least one player this
difference in Behavior can range from
obnoxiously one-sided flirting with the
classic valerant accent which sounds
something like first stand behind me
I'll protect you can I have your
Snapchat to Flaming them just because
they're female whether they're playing
well or not not that it matters so this
is my take on that issue mute them I
know it's the classic red pill Easy Bake
solution to a large issue and most
people would counter that Solution by
arguing that if Riot added voice coms
and you muted a teammate for whatever
reason you'd be giving yourself and your
team a disadvantage by severing
potentially important information just
bear with me though and let me explain
the most logical reason to mute a player
is if through communicating they're
actively diminishing your team's chances
at winning the match that is currently
being played this can mean if they're
being mean to you and making it harder
for you to focus or if they're shot
calling horribly and getting the team
into unfavorable positions looking at
you ADC Mains as long as a player's
participation in communicating is
actively sabotaging the match in any way
muting them is the best chance of
winning and having fun if you go play
league right now chances are you'll end
up running into a player who's
permanently typing and raging or
whatever right well since the current
solution to a low IQ insecure keyboard
Warrior teammate is to mute them why
can't the solution to a low IQ insecure
misogynist r racist be muting them too
in this case if the argument is that
potentially muting people left and right
is detrimental to your team's
communication why isn't it Fred upon in
the current state of League of Legends
it's because it's not actually
detrimental to your team's communication
like I said earlier players who are
actively sabotaging the matches in any
way through communicating already
deserve to be muted in a hypothetical
world where Riot added voice chat
already the misogynistic and racist
players who always Target women and
minorities fall under the same category
a player who threw communication
actively makes the match harder to win
you aren't putting yourself or your team
in a disadvantage by muting a bad
teammate because said teammate is the
liability themselves so are the
misogynist and racists even if there was
a case where your team was at a
disadvantage because you mut a teammate
and the enemy team's full five players
are cool and working together no system
will ever be perfect our current system
is the furthest thing from for example
currently you can't queue up with a Duo
and Master Plus rank however sometimes
you'll run into a friend on your team
and get get in a Discord call with them
actively giving your team an advantage
by essentially breaking the rules on a
technicality and doing anyways this is
just one of the many examples of how
there are always imbalances in League of
Legends so why limit all the potential
positives that voice Haack can have on
League over wildly immeasurable
variables I don't really see a reason to
not implement it either way it's not
like this is a case where even though it
could be more beneficial to add voice
chat we still on a solid path regardless
the direction Riot seems to be heading
is the complete opposite of where they
should strive to be if Riot wanted to
actually rework the current
communication system being pings into a
more diverse and useful Direction they
would have however ride is actively
nerfing communication I mean look at how
they removed scoreboard pings they're
slowly phasing out communication instead
of improving it in a team-based MOBA
where communicating is arguably the most
important out of any other type of
multiplayer game all of this to say
league needs voice chat it would make
the game more accessible for new players
it would make it more fun to play
overall because the quality of games
would significantly increase while also
adding a higher level of personal
interaction with your teammates and it
would create an environment that is
inherently less toxic considering the
multiple factors I pointed out earlier
thank you so much for watching my video
I hope you enjoyed my take on while R
should add voice chat to League of
Legends if you did I'd really appreciate
it if you hit the like button and
subscribed it helps me a lot and I'll
catch you all next time see you