why play fiz mid well he has insane
burst damage he is incredibly mobile he
has great outplay potential and as far
as assassins go he's very easy to play
however he can get bullied and poked out
in lane and he can struggle against
tanky teams having no one to blow up
fizz's passive is very simply that he's
always ghosted and he takes reduced
damage from every instance of damage
fizz's Q as a pointand click ability
which causes him to dash to the Target
enemy as long as he hits the target he
deals a large chunk of damage and
applies all on hit effects both his
ultimate and his W can be cast while mid
Dash V's W has a passive where all of
his basic attacks apply damage over time
the active is an auto attack reset which
makes his next attack gain bonus range
and deal bonus magic damage if this
kills a Target the cool down is
massively reduced and Fizz restores Mana
if the target is not killed he deals
even more damage so this is great for
both last hitting and dealing additional
damage fizz's e causes him to dash your
location becoming untargetable after 75
seconds he will then hop off his Trident
dealing damage to all enemies in a
circle around him and slowing them
however instead of waiting for this to
end Fizz can reactivate this ability
early to dash to a tar Target location
dealing a smaller circle of ount him in
damage phys this ultimate is a
StraightLine skill shot which after it
lands will attract a shark this will
stop upon hitting maximum distance but
if it hits an enemy Champion it will
attach to them after a short delay a
shark will then emerge dealing damage
knocking back enemy hit and slowing them
the further this travels the more damage
slow eruption radius and knockback
distance it will deal with it having a
short medium and long range effect for
combos if you hit a max range fish the
slow will usually allow you to simply
walk up to them from here Auto enter W
and Q before following up with an auto
attack into your e and the fun combo is
to use q and immediately press R for the
guaranteed ultimate or to attack into W
following up with your e for matchups FZ
is great into most majes who can easily
jump onto and use e to dodge their key
spells and he can struggle against
tankier harder to kill midlaners who can
survive his burst for runes take this
electrocute makes your burst even better
for build orders start ringing Parts
into a storm surge and tier 2 boots
after this aich ban and zos are great
pickups before finishing a build with
any of these as needed for skill orders
start e than W than Q before maxing e
than W than Q taking ult whenever you
can for summon of spells take Flash and
ignite starting the game your main focus
is going to be on farming hard and
taking good trades however Fizz cannot
do too much until he gets level three
level three gives you access to three
dashes and a ton of damage in your W so
this gives you access to incredibly
forgiving combos because going in for a
q into an auto attack and W is a quick
burst of damage and then you can use e
to either chase them down and deal more
damage or simply back away for free and
of course when you get level six you now
have your ultimate if you hit this max
range or simply use it as part of your
combo your kill threat goes up massively
with the additional CC and damage this
brings entering the mid game you want to
be constantly pushing out your lane and
roaming and when your Bot Lane comes mid
you'll find yourself in a side lane
fizz's e allows him to push waves
quickly so push out the S Side Lane as
far as you can safely before rotating
back to your team to look for picks and
objectives entering late game team
fights you are playing the Assassin role
wait for the fight to start and for
enemies to use their abilities from here
with your large amount of Mobility you
want to look for a backline Target to
assassinate if you ever land a fish onto
a squisher you'll delete them with so
much Overkill it's incredible so look
out for this opportunity and keep
positioning yourself so you're in a good
spot to jump onto an enemy car right