red magic just released their new phone
the red magic 9 Pro and as usual we are
going to do the unboxing and reviewing
of this new gaming
phone later in the video we are also
going to test some of the biggest mobile
games and see how they run on this phone
keep watching the video to see if red
magic 9 Pro can support your favorite
game on the highest
Graphics Red magic 9 Pro comes in three
Unique Designs the sleit version with 12
GB of RAM and 256 GB of storage and the
snowfall and Cyclone versions both with
16 GB of RAM and 512 GB of storage the
one that I have on my hands right now is
the Cyclone version of a red magic 9 Pro
the design may look a bit similar to Red
Magic 8 but it has some new features
that we are going to check later with
the phone also comes a type- c cable and
a 80v super fast fast charger which
supports a full battery charge in 30
minutes there is also a transparent
cover designed to protect the corners
and the back of the
[Music]
phone on the top side of the phone there
is a headphone jack a speaker and a
microphone on the left side there is
only an air vent intake on the bottom
side there is a SIM card slot a
microphone a type-c port and a speaker
and on the right side there are two
shoulder triggers a microphone a switch
button for game Space the power button
the volume button and an air vent
exhaust on the back of the phone there
are three unders screen cameras with no
bumps and a fan with customizable RGB
lights the red magic 9 pro has a
Snapdragon 8 gen 3 processor which has
been highly improved for a better gaming
experience and also the power usage has
been significantly reduced its dual cell
battery provides a total capacity of
6,500 Mah per hour that can be fully
charged in 30 minutes with the 80 W
charger you can adjust the refresh rate
of the screen from 60 HZ up to 120 htz
you can also convert some storage
capacity to increase the ram capacity
from 16 GB up to 26 GB
now let's take a look at game space and
see what's new by switching on the red
button you can open the game Space where
you can find all the games you have
downloaded on your phone on the bottom
right corner there is a button that you
can use to turn on the fan or to turn it
off when the device is not heated the
button on the top right corner opens a
page where you can see your daily or
weekly gaming stats adjust your network
settings screen settings RGB lights and
much more now let's test some games and
see if they run smoothly on this phone
first we have pubg mobile as you can see
here we have the option to play it on 90
FPS which is the highest FPS that this
game supports at the moment I played the
game for a few hours and it ran very
smooth at any time without any FPS drops
or
[Music]
freezes
[Music]
while we are on pubg I'm going to show
you some in game plugins for shooter
games that red magic 9 Pro offers to
make your gaming experience much better
these are the shoulder triggers place
the trigger buttons on top of any game
button you prefer and then use the
Triggers on the side of the phone to
perform the
[Music]
action
with a touch sampling rate of 520 HZ and
a response time of 7.4 Ms the shoulder
triggers are very comfortable and
helpful for gamers like me who can't use
four fingers on a regular
[Music]
phone this plugin is called the hunting
filter it allows you to use different
filters while playing for a better
chance to spot the
[Music]
[Music]
enemy
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
this one is an extra scope that you can
use for a better look if enem is far
away you can also put it on top of any
scope you have but of course it is more
helpful when you don't have any scope at
[Music]
all there is also a sound equalizer
where you can adjust certain sound
effects like the footsteps of the
enemies to hear them better the Diablo
mode is probably the best feature on
this phone if you turn it on it can
boost the CPU and GPU Power by 200% but
of course it consumes more
battery these plugins are also very
useful for other shooter games like Call
of Duty which is also playable on the
highest graphics with red magic 9 Pro
you can choose to play this game on 120
FPS
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
this phone is also good to play the
biggest mobile games like mobile Legends
you can play this game on Ultra graphics
and Ultra FPS I have never seen colors
like like this on any other phone so
far there are also some plugins for
mobile games this one is called macro it
records a whole set of skills and then
allows you to use it with one button
make sure to record your fastest skill
combo and then save
it then by pressing this button only
once your hero will perform the whole
[Music]
combo you can record other skill combos
at the same time and use them as many
times as you
like this phone also supports genin
impact on the highest Graphics the game
runs very smooth and without FPS drops
at any moment during the game play let
me know if you want me to test any other
games on red magic 9 Pro if you are
planning to buy one please use the links
below thank you for watching