I know you told your friend you're not
okay and tell me what's wrong and why
you never you felt the way try to stay
strong and fake SM I look away but I'm
know you it hurt to watch your blue eyes
F fade
away as you f
yeah I'm about to fade away cuz every
time I wake up up like it's Monday
something's going wrong with all the
chemical up in my brain all a sudden I
don't look at anything the same way got
to build up of my thoughts sitting in an
ashtray I'm sorry that I'm so in
convenient okay just let me be me and
I'll stay out of the way I can see the
way you look at me but you disce I never
really asked to be brought into this
place you want to love me well then baby
have a taste all the highs and the lows
no you'll never be the same I don't
really want to hurt you but I can't
control the pain if you're sticking by
my side maybe we could be okay okay okay
maybe you could be the change I need
today I promise that I'm there this way
I really hopeing you will choose to stay
through all the I know you told you're
not okay tell me what strong
and
you trying to stay strong and F till I
look away but I've known you to long it
hurts to watch your blue eyes fade too
great as you fade
away you
fade you
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
need help I'm Going Through Hell A B
like I'm fine but I know you can't tell
like nothing down my mind overwhelms I
think that I'm broken but I hope you
can't help I know I'm not perfect but
some days more more
worthless bab you make me feel nervous
if I still have you I have purpose it's
all
wor I know you told your friend you're
not okay tell me what's WR and why you
never said you felt that way I guess to
make a
smile but known you too long it hurts to
watch your blue
eyes you
[Music]
f
I know you told your friend you're not
okay tell me what's wrong and why you
never said you buil the way you trying
to stay strong and fake smile until
I when long to watch your blue eyes
to
[Music]
[Music]
for playing like that look her in the
she looking right
back