welcome to skill caps guide on the
absolute best settings and hotkeys you
need to be using in season 14 we won't
be wasting your time by going over every
single setting in the game instead after
over 10 years of teaching and working
with the best players in the game we've
distilled down the absolute must-use
settings and hot keys so let's get right
into it starting us off there's a brand
new setting ride has added that has been
14 years in the making and it changes
everything have you ever tried to flash
Al as Annie and nothing happens for a
second until you finally drop tippers
yeah you weren't lagging for leaks and
entire lifetime skill shots operated in
one of two ways if it was a projectile
known as a line missile such as ezreal's
Q then even when your cursor was far
away from the Spell's max range upon
casting it it would instantly fire
compare this to a spell like Annie's
ultimate this is not a line missile and
so if we cast it outside of its range
the game will force Annie to walk
forward until she's in range and then it
fires here's the thing not every
Champion was coded this way for example
Caden's ultimate operates the exact same
way as Annie's yet if we cast it outside
of its range it will instantly go go off
this is where the new setting comes in
go to options then the game tab scroll
down and you'll see clamp cast Target
location within max range turn this on
and now when you alt as Annie outside of
your max range it will instantly fire
this can make a lot of Champions easier
to play such as carus with his q andw
and brand with his W just to name a few
and speaking of comboing fast you
absolutely need to be using a specific
quick cast setup on your abilities
normal casting is when you press an
ability your range indicator comes up
and then you press left click to cast it
this is very slow compare that to Quick
casting it's when you press an ability
and it will instantly cast without any
indicators appearing this is fast we've
tested this and on average quick casting
will make you cast abilities 33% faster
than normal so go to settings press that
quick cast all button and you're good to
go right well not so fast here's the
specific setup that Pros use scroll down
open up abilities and Summoner spells
drop down then where it says normal cast
rebind everything to shift plus the
ability so shift Q shift W shift e shift
R now when you press shift plus the
ability it will bring up the range
indicator for it like before this is
essential to do because even though 90%
of the time you need to be quick casting
your abilities for the speed Advantage
the other 10% of the time you really do
need the range indicator some very
common examples are when you're wave
clearing you often want to use shift
plus your wave clear ability to make
sure it hits the entire wave another one
is when you're using a spell with very
high range hitting shift plus the
ability will let you know the max range
so you know exactly when you're close
enough to cast it also don't forget you
need to do this on your ward hotkeys as
well you want them to be quick casted by
default but create a shift hotkey for
their normal cast there are tons of
warding spots you simply can't do
without the normal cast indicator so
make sure that you have a normal cast
hot key and speaking of making things
faster if you want to speed up your rank
climb well then skill cap is perfect for
you we have the most extensive
collection of Premium courses tailored
for every single role and the best part
is you can try out our service
completely risk-free if you don't rank
up while actively using skill cap you'll
get your money back no questions asked
so click the link in the description
below to get the rank you've always
wanted all right so next next up let's
teach you the settings you need to
attack move like a pro now many players
already know how to attack move which is
to press a and then click on the ground
near your target this helps to Auto
attack opponents without having to be
perfectly accurate with your mouse it
also avoids the super common problem of
misclicking and walking into an opponent
when you really meant to attack them
it's also necessary for face checking
brushes to prevent you from getting
brush duped by attack moving into the
brush as soon as you see the enemy
you'll instantly Auto attack them
without having to actually click on them
the problem is by default this will
attack the nearest Target in the
direction moving towards so if literally
anything is in front of you good luck
ever hitting the target you want this is
why you need to go to your settings then
game and turn on attack move on cursor
this will change your attack move so now
instead of attacking the closest Target
to your Champion it attacks the closest
Target to your cursor this allows you to
use attack move just like the pros with
Precision instead of attacking the
nearest enemy which causes countless
problems you also need to go to your
settings and then interface Tab and
enable show attack range this way every
time you do press a a circle will appear
around your Champion that represents
your max Auto attack range this will
make make it super easy to always stay
at your maximum distance giving you
crazy good kiing and before you think
this is some sort of training wheel
setting only noobs use literally the
best Pros in the world have this turned
on for example this clip is ruler using
it who's considered the best pro 0 carry
in the entire world and speaking of
attacking Champions the next setting is
all about making sure you do exactly
that not accidentally Auto attack a
minion or Tower instead completely
embarrassing yourself the target
Champions only hotkey will make it so
that your auto attacks can only hit
enemy Champions you can see how it's
impossible for me to right click any
when I'm holding it down of course this
is great at making sure you execute
Tower Dives cleanly or win fights in
Lane when the enemy is standing in a
giant wave but it's really more than
that without knowing this hotkey you'll
never be able to maneuver into jungle
camps without AGG gring them setting up
a tower dive on mid lane has never been
easier when you can walk right into the
Raptors and dash over the wall not to
mention there are a ton of Champions
that need specific positioning to jump
walls with their abilities like Yasuo or
even getting the right angle as Jace to
knock a camp over a wall to then jump
onto it the list goes on to set this up
go to your settings hotkeys scroll roll
down abilities and Summoner spells and
create a keybind for Target Champions
only some great choices for this are ZX
C and v as typically those don't have
anything important on it t or G are good
the ailda key to the left of number one
is good or if you have buttons on the
side of your mouse those can work great
too now when you hold down the key bind
your Autos will only attack Champions
there is one downside to this though
it's that it can be difficult to hold
this key down while also trying to cast
all of your abilities thankfully there's
a solution to this go to your settings
game then enable treat Target Champions
only as a toggle now you'll only have to
press the hotkey once it will toggle the
setting on and you'll only attack
Champions and press it again to toggle
it off and now from attacking we go to
the opposite the stop command by default
it's bound to S and we recommend keeping
it that way now of course most players
understand that the skill in Las hitting
minions is all about timing your attack
to be the final hit to kill the minion
in order to collect the gold what
players don't realize though is that
since your auto attack is a projectile
the further away you are from a minion
the harder it's going to be to time that
last hit because of the increased
distance your projectile has to travel
this is where the stop command comes in
what you want to do is move up right
next to a minion press the stop command
then once it's ready to last it just
right click if you try it out yourself
you'll see just how much easier this
will make last itting now of course
we're not saying just use this all Lane
you'll be standing still and an easy
target for enemy skill shots however
this is super useful in any situation
where you have Lane control for example
a very common scenario is during slow
pushes usually you'll have a big minion
wave built up so the enemy is scared to
fight you at the same time with so many
minions of your own they are just
machine gunning down enemy minions
making it super hard to time your last
these are the kinds of situations where
you want to use the stop command also
any Champion that has an empowered Auto
attack spell can actually spam the stop
command and right click over and over
again which usually both makes a super
annoying sound and looks really buggy
which is cool I
guess and by the way if you're someone
who struggles with farming and Las
hitting minions then I highly recommend
taking our master and minutes course on
csing that you can only find on our
website our subscribers have been raving
at how much this has helped them improve
with perfect five-star ratings I highly
recommend checking it out all right next
up we have fkey cycling if you've
watched any pro player or a challenger
stream you'll notice them quickly cycle
their camera across their teammates to
get insane map vision super fast without
fkey cycling you'll have to first look
at the mini map then identify where your
teammates actually are then move your
cursor very accurately to click on them
and if at any point you miss slightly
you'll have to take the time to adjust
the camera in the end it's just very
inefficient this is why there's a secret
to setting this up like the pros go to
your settings hot keys and camera
control rebind select Ali 1 2 3 and 4 to
the respective F keys that shown you
have to do this because by default F1
will be bound to yourself which is what
you already want to use your space bar
for now here's the thing the F keys on
your keyboard are notoriously awkward
and difficult to hit a lot of players
just find them uncomfortable especially
if they have smaller hands so if you're
someone with this problem we highly
recommend trying out rebinding them to Z
x c and V the nice thing about this is
that if you rest your pinky finger on
your shift key like most players do it
becomes really easy to just slide your
pinky over to the Z key with the rest of
your fingers on X C and V and then just
hit them in sequence with your thumb
hitting space bar at the end to return
to yourself it also lets you do this
really op trick with zerath where if
aain is on your team and alss the enemy
you can hold his Ally hcky and actually
spam your alt and it's literally an
Aimbot so that's pretty cool moving on
our next setting is literally one of the
most OP tactics we constantly teach at
skill cap it's level power spikes
specifically levels 2 3 and six these
are unique points in the game where you
have a massive advantage over the
opponent because you'll have an entire
extra spell over them this is why if you
click on your abilities to level them up
you need to stop doing it instead you
need to use Control Plus the ability I
mean check this out in what world could
you do something like this where you EQ
through a minion kill it to spike level
six and before your EQ finishes you've
leveled up your alt to use it on the
opponent there are just countless
examples where you'll have to level up
an ability extremely fast in order to
get the solo kill off of these level
spikes and if you think scenarios like
this will never happen to you well
there's actually a fairly hidden
mechanic only Pros know about if you
level up an ability while it's still in
the air you can actually increase the
damage while reducing its Mana cost let
me show you how it works here Victor has
one point in his e ability and so it
costs 70 Mana you can see how it does 74
damage now we've leveled up but we don't
immediately level up our e instead we
wait to casty then level it up midair
notice how despite the cost changing to
80 Mana we already paid the previous 70
Mana when we casted it so we essentially
saved 10 in the meantime once the E hits
it does 114 damage 40 more than before
basically you're using the Mana cost of
a lower level ability while you get the
damage from the higher cost ability now
let's move on to some specific video
settings that will help give you a
competitive Advantage we're going to
keep the short and sweet all you need to
know is that in general the higher your
FPS the more of an advantage it is this
is because with higher frames per second
the more frequent the game is updating
this means that incoming skill shot is
easier for you to dodge as you're both
seeing it being cast earlier and getting
a more accurate picture of where it is
currently in the air however this is
only one half of the picture you're
always impacted by what's known as your
monitor's refresh rate a monitor's
refresh rate determines how often your
monitor will update per second so just
like FPS the higher the monitor refresh
rate the better as you'll see things on
your screen earlier to check your
monitor's refresh rate simply rightclick
your desktop click display settings
scroll down and select Advanced display
settings then click display adapter
properties for display one click the
monitor Tab and you'll see the screen
refresh rate drop down you want to make
sure you select the highest refresh rate
available to you now after you've done
this go in game and make sure you
disable vsync vsync is notorious for
causing input leg which just means it
will cause a delay when you input
commands making you react slower it also
matches your FPS to your monitor's
refresh rate which for most people will
actually cause you to have lower FPS now
league is very weird it's common that
uncapping your FPS will cause the game
to actually stutter so if that's the
case for you cap it at the highest
number that gives you stable FPS for
most players this is going to be 240 now
there's also the importance of visual
Clarity for some settings it's actually
better to take a minor hit to your FPS
in order to make things a lot easier to
see let's start with effects quality if
we set it to very low this is what lux's
Q will look like compare that to when we
set it to very high it becomes far
easier to see as it becomes
significantly brighter now if setting
effects quality to very high is to
taxing on your computer then we
recommend at least setting it to medium
as this will be a good boost to your
visual clarity now compare those changes
to character quality here is Lux set to
very low character quality you can see
she looks very blurry compare this to
when we set it to very high she looks a
lot crisper this setting is especially
noticeable on neutral monsters like Rift
Herald again we recommend setting this
to at least Medium as this is where
you'll get the biggest boost to visual
Clarity with minimal FPS impact next we
have environment quality and this will
actually have the biggest impact on how
your game looks setting this to very low
makes everything incredibly blurry and
we recommend staying away from it the
weird thing though is that there's
almost no difference between setting it
to low or medium the same thing with
high versus very high so either set this
to low or high depending on how good
your computer is and finally we have
Shadow quality this will put Shadows
underneath all Champions monsters and
minions this means if you turn this on
it absolutely tanks your FPS and it
provides no competitive Advantage so we
definitely recommend turning it off
another important setting for both
boosting your FPS and getting better
visual Clarity is hiding eye candy if
you don't turn the this on you'll see
that your computer renders a lot of
additional unnecessary details
throughout summoner's Rift basically
you'll want to turn this off you get an
FPS boost while having no downsides now
one final setting that does give you a
massive boost to visual Clarity is
enabling color blind mode yes even if
you can see the full color spectrum I
want you to take brand W as an example
look at how much easier it is to spot
when you turn on color blind mode this
is why we recommend that everyone turns
this on and speaking of clarity most
people don't know that there have been
countless studies done to prove that
your auditory reaction time is actually
faster than your visual reaction time
this means your brain will recognize
hearing something like a lux Bine being
cast before actually seeing it this is
why your sound settings are actually
more important than most players realize
optimizing them is simple you'll want to
disable music voice and Ambience volume
all three of these provide no
competitive advantage and will only
serve too muddy important sound effects
additionally consider lowering your
pings and announcer volume a bit lower
than your sound F volume this way they
don't drown out key sound cues and for
the next setting have you ever been dead
waiting to teleport into a fight then as
soon as you respawn your camera just
jumps back to you and bit face yeah this
is because of a setting called move
camera on revive and we highly recommend
disabling this this way you can actually
land that sick Ezreal ultimate on a
recalling enemy when you respawn all
right now let's move on to optimizing
your interface options by default your
HUD scale will be maxed out this
actually prevents you from seeing things
below you such as incoming jungle ganks
this is why you should go to settings
then interface and drop your HUD scale
to zero this way you can see and react
to things around you a lot more next up
is the mini map by default the game sets
it to 33 which is way too small no top
player ever keeps this on default
however the next common mistake players
make is cranking it up super high this
makes the map way too big and actually
ironically will block your vision giving
you worse map awareness this is why it's
recommended to put it anywhere between
50 to 65 this is the most common size
range the best players in the world use
continue scrolling down within interface
and you'll see the show loss of control
UI setting you absolutely need to have
this enabled it creates a bar above
Champions that will count down how long
crowd control will last it makes it so
you can perfectly time your own crowd
control with an ally so you can chain CC
enemies and below that you have show
names above health bar we recommend you
swap this to Champion names with how
many different Champions and skins Riot
releases it's incredibly difficult to
recognize what Champion is actually on
your screen this way regardless of what
skin an enemy is using you know exactly
what Champion it is and can react
accordingly and right below that you
have Champion highlight on camera Center
which you want enabled this will put a
circle and an arrow pointing down to you
whenever you press space bar to jump
back to yourself it's extremely helpful
at keeping track of where you are on the
screen during chaotic team fights scroll
down a bit more and then you see enabl
line missile display if you have it
disabled all you get is a cursor and a
circle around you which makes hitting
your skill shots way harder this is why
it's mandatory to have it enabled in
order to properly aim skill shots and
then right below that you have show
spell cost you always want this on as
there's nothing worse than using your
flash and ALT to all in someone only to
realize you don't have enough Mana to
cast the rest of your abilities so you
always want this on so you can make sure
you have the Mana needed to full combo
opponents now Riot has added a lot of
improvements to League over the years
but we're not going to lie to you things
like emotes eternals and offscreen pings
can end up blocking a ton of your screen
and just be distracting this is why we
recommend you disable the show offscreen
pings they do more harm than good and if
your teammates are pinging well you can
and should be checking the mini map
instead after doing this scroll down and
under emotes you want to turn off emote
bubble display turn emote size small and
mute enemy emotes this gets rid of as
many distracting emote animations as
possible and finally continue scrolling
and under eternals Milestone display
change it to none this will remove those
Eternal pop-ups from the game while you
play and finally we have optimal chat
settings firstly it's very important you
enable time stamps this will make it so
anything pinged or typed will leave time
stamps next to them this is how all the
best players in the world do things like
time Summoner spells if an enemy uses
flash or teleport you can just ping it
then the next time you have nothing to
do like when you're walking back to Lane
you can bring up your chat check when
the Ping happened and add the cool down
to it to time when it comes back up
there are very specific hock Keys Pros
use to keep track of timers in game so
next time you typee out an enemy timer
in chat before you hit enter press C CR
a then crl C now you can press crl V
whenever you want to paste that to
remind yourself when it's coming back up
you then want to build on this where if
another Summoner spell is used you press
crl V Space Bar then you type the new
cool down and then crl a and contrl C
again to copy it you then want to update
this throughout the entire game by using
specific control shift and arrow key
hotkeys holding down control while
tapping an arrow key actually lets you
skip entire words so for example if I
needed to remove the first timer I could
hold control then tap left Arrow until
I'm at the end of what I want to remove
from there I hold contrl plus shift and
then tap left Arrow until I've selected
everything I want to delete press delete
then crl a into contrl C again to copy
the updated timers once you build this
habit it's an absolute Game Changer
since you can literally track the entire
enemy team Summoner spell cooldowns
throughout the entire game and finally
as always we have a bonus setting for
you we all know how toxic leag can be
and getting flamed can easily tilt you
causing you to not only play worse but
just not want to play to help this go to
settings interface and change chat
visibility to same team there's no
benefit to having all chat enabled as
the enemy team can only serve to tilt
you now I know what you're thinking well
no that's not true it's actually my
teammates typing that will tilt me well
if that's the case you can simply change
it to pre-made only this prevents you
from seeing anyone typing besides who's
in your party while you'll still be able
to see their pings the potential issue
or benefit depending on what kind of
player you are is that you won't be able
to type either this is why we recommend
the following setup so change chat
visibility to same team then every time
you enter a new game type /mute all then
after you do that follow it up with
/mute pings all this will actually cause
you to unmute everyone's pings while
then keeping their text muted letting
you still type and hear your teammates
pings while not having to see what they
type all right and now you know the most
important settings and hock Keys you
need to be using in League of Legends
for everything else you need to rank up
fast there's our service at skill
cap.com if you're feeling stuck where
you just can't rank up no matter how
hard you try then skill cap is the
solution you've been looking for we have
the most extensive collection of Premium
courses tailored for every single player
androll still skeptical don't worry you
can try us out completely risk-free if
you don't rank up while actively using
skill AP you'll get your money back no
questions asked you can unlock this
gamechanging opportunity right now
through the link below so what are you
waiting for click the link to get the
rank you've always wanted all right and
that will wrap things up we here at
skillcapped want to thank you for
watching and we'll catch you in the next
one