[Music]
that is your chance to be Hey kid don't
never let them get inside your head
they'll tell you what to do in life
instead of everything you know that you
could get don't let them guide your life
towards
regret I'll fight for what I love with
every breath my past is filled with
things I won't
forget I use them all to push me to my
best so treat the worst of times just
like a test if only I could go back in
time I tell myself that everything will
end up all right just push yourself test
yourself figure out what you like and
find your limits don't be rigid always
work towards a prime surround yourself
with open minds people can change your
life a few friends with intent can help
you feel alive find a passion take some
action and with a little time just be
patient make a statement try to enjoy
your life they'll try to kick you while
down they want to rise up while you
drown they want to fill your head with
doubt they're silently scared that
you'll figure it
out I'll make it look like I'm
losing won't bother hiding my
bruises and when they finally think you
won't get then it's your chance to be
ruthless
you chance to be
Ru they don't want to see me make it
they don't want to see me care anytime I
make some progress I can see that they
compare I think everyone's against me
maybe something in the air am I paranoid
I swear avoid forming and there SC I
walk a straight path not many can say
that i' like to play Fast cross me and
there's payback you better pray that I
don't see your face at any place that I
go I know you hate that I've been doing
fine I'm not wasting any more time I
live for the fight and the clim and I
think that the pain that's deep inside
is what
defines so I won't give up I'm going to
make it to the to I don't care what's in
my way I swear I'm never going to stop I
could fall that on my face and I swear I
will give back up cuz I don't deserve a
thing and the road ahead is
T they'll try to kick you while you're
down they want to rise up while you
drown they want to fill your head doubt
they're silently scared that you figure
it
out I'll make it look like I'm
losing won't bother hiding my bruises
and when they finally think you're
wounded then it's you chance to be
[Music]
ruthless