on that
look they are
toak
it's AE turning face the critics put
flowers in our head we
[Music]
don't that's good it's
you
your that's
it's
around
around
you got a mon out of me you better watch
out if you a road ahead of full prophecy
to be the greatest Beast of what has
ever seen I feed him every day the bones
clean I feed him all the hate and he DRS
me he getsa real big pissed off quick
and if you cross him you might drop dead
metaphorically of course sett in Never
Getting boed loves the blood and more
freedom from the SCE they don't really
understand until they feel the if you
start you be hard in the darkness T
apart quick you left Stars RI to be
chewed up and discarded and this world
Ain right un accept it negative energy I
expect it once it's in your mind it's
infectious so fight for your life and
reject it you better give me space I'm
protective my adrenaline spes when I'm
threatened and if you stay in my way I'm
agressive CU When there's no it'll kill
when I'm
[Music]
desperate
[Music]
I can feel my heart rate adrenaline
pressure me weather lightning thundering
weather yo I'm a go try to do it like me
better do it better a mind that's clever
the Beast inside is competitive as ever
I'm conscious my subconscious an accomp
to me I
[Music]
[Music]
promise
[Music]
[Music]
my
[Music]
[Music]
r
my