this is proof that APAC is the easiest
region in valerant the current number
two radiant on the leaderboards for APAC
has an
84.8% win rate with a 10.8% head shot
percentage a 0.33 KD ratio and 41.3
damage per round while this is clear
obvious proof that they shouldn't be in
radiant the reality is something much
deeper wrong with the ranking system
this player is abusing five stacking and
getting boosted by four players who are
playing on low ELO ala counts to boost
them all the way to rank number two but
the big issue with this is in order for
Riot to attempt to balance these games
they are putting them in lower ELO
lobbies to ruin even more games and it's
insane that the supposed radiant number
two is playing against diamond and
Platinum Players and going one in 10
while apparently being carried by a gold
to Raina and they are only 100 RR away
from being the number one radiant in the
entire region and they've also been
radiant for the last three acts of using
this five stack method