anybody who tells me that the the Skins
don't feel different in valerant they're
drunk do you think that some valerant
skins actually make you better at the
game that some skins just give you a
tiny little accuracy buff they're
playing a different game cuz for me it's
like anybody with a reand or a prime
Phantom instant accuracy buff well RI
likes to tout that valerant isn't Payway
but what if they're wrong if paid
Cosmetics are better at providing this
feedback to a player whether that's
objectively or subjectively it may be
more likely to induce um a flow
experience for the player which then can
lead to them feeling like or
actually uh performing better that's
right a scientist says that some skins
can give you an extra boost just because
of well Vibes let this be the enabler
that you need to buy out whatever's in
your shop
53,000 who would have buy this
[ __ ] I just bought it