welcome to the only beginners 80 carry
guide you will ever need to get started
in League of Legends in this video you
will find everything you need to know to
get started playing the 80 carry rooll
we'll be guiding you through the early
leaning phase midgame macro how to
Skirmish and team fight itemization and
the most important settings you need to
instantly succeed as an ADC so if you're
sick of being one- shot by every
Champion or feel like every game boils
down to who has the better support well
then this is the guide you've been
looking for and once you get a handle on
the fundamentals skill Capa is the
perfect next step in your Lear Learning
Journey we just did a massive update
adding all brand new courses for season
14 take our new csing course it will get
you farming like a pro in no time at all
or take our new mechanics course it will
teach you everything you need to start
cutting like a challenger and more the
best part you can try all of this out
completely risk-free if you don't rank
up while actively using skill Capa then
you get your money back no questions
asked so click the link in the
description below to get the rank you've
always wanted this season all right now
without a doubt the most important skill
to learn as an 8 carry is learning to
get through the early laning phase out
of all five roles you are definitely the
weakest during the early game and this
can make playing ADC fairly frustrating
at this point this is compounded by the
fact that you are at the mercy of a
random partner every single game not
only are you at your weakest during
those early levels but on top of that
support and jungle are by far the most
influential roles in the game at this
point so what that means is that in the
3 v3s that are constantly going to be
breaking out in bot Lane you have by far
the least impact and this can make the
role very frustrating this is the
problem you're going to have to learn to
deal with you must go through this
painful period where you're pretty weak
every single game and you're at the
mercy of how well your teammates play
this does sound awful but in reality it
isn't think about it if we put expert 80
carries in low ELO or a normal game they
would still win the laning phase 99% of
the time regardless of their random
teammates why is that it's simple ADC as
a class can't really make things happen
themselves they've got no engage and
mediocre damage early on but the thing
about League of Legends is that almost
every play during that early game is
based around minion waves which you have
complete control over by managing them
properly you make the plays that do
happen way more likely to go in your
favor for you and your team there are
three strategies that you can play for
in Lane depending on what your primary
goals are you can either play for kills
Lane pressure or to neutralize your
opponents based on what type of ADC
you're playing and the support you're
with you will often find yourself
wanting to constantly fight your
opponents marksmen like Draven Samira
kaisa when paired with supports like
Leona Nautilus or Tri fall under this
category these are fairly aggressive
picks that like to go for kills early on
of course you can apply this on any
Champion if your primary intention is to
score kills your goal will be to keep
the wave towards your side of the lane
or somewhere in the middle the point
here is that it gives you and your
support plenty of room to work with to
look for trades or all-in engages the
two wave tactics you can use to
accomplish this is either slow pushing
or freezing slow pushing is exactly what
it sounds like your goal is to only hit
minions at the last possible moment to
last hit them for gold this will very
slowly push the minion wave there's two
reasons to do this for starters it keeps
the wave in the middle of the lane for
longer as we said this is your main goal
since it allows you and your support to
actually look for fights the second
reason is that you want to slowly build
up a minion lead fighting around minions
is a huge Advantage early on not only do
they add a lot of damage during low
levels but by having killed more minions
you will often find yourself at a level
lead over your opponent this is a big
timing you can take advantage of that
will almost guarantee that you win any
fight due to these two reasons slow
pushing will often be your default
strategy for aggressively trading and
looking for fights in botling that being
said freezing is another tactic you'll
want to keep in mind this happen happens
whenever your own Minion wave is being
overpowered by the enemy wave this
achieves a similar result to slow
pushing by letting the enemy wave kill
your own you can effectively keep the
wave stuck in the middle or closer to
your side of the lane this forces your
opponent into an awkward situation they
either never walk up and keep missing
golden experience due to the freeze or
they will eventually be forced to fight
you to break the freeze this is one of
those reliable ways that you can force
fights to happen even on this low agency
role just do keep in mind that you can't
force freezes every single game remember
that a big point we made a little bit
ago is fighting around bigger waves a
freeze can only happen if you're at a
minion disadvantage so you need to
already be stronger than your opponents
for this to work otherwise you will
simply lose the fight due to being at a
minion deficit this enemy ADC was trying
too hard to fight on this small freeze
but since she's weaker she ends up
losing the fight this all being said
kills are not what you will play for in
most games a ton of adcs look to play
for pressure or Tempo instead one of the
most reliable strategies in league is to
Simply push a wave into your opponent's
Tower by crashing a wave you guarantee
that your OPP opponent is stuck there if
they randomly leave the tower they will
miss a ton of golden experience because
their own Tower is killing their minions
the point here is that your opponent is
effectively stuck at their Tower which
many ad carries can abuse this strategy
will be best on adcs that have
long-range pressure such as Caitlyn
Ezreal kgma vars and so on but again of
course you can pull this off on any
Champion the best thing to abuse is the
fact that their Tower is killing your
own minions at a consistent rate this
makes it very predictable for when they
will stand still to look for a last hit
you can abuse this timing to get free
damage in while your opponent can't
respond very well the reason this is
best on long-range Champions is
obviously due to your opponent having a
tower there to defend them longrange
spells and auto attacks will be way more
reliable for punishing your opponent
under their Tower since your opponent is
stuck last hitting it will often also be
easy to look for easy chip damage on
Towers Tower damage will reward you with
free gold from plates so this is good to
look out for as well you generally do
this when you don't think you can harass
them without taking Tower aggro crashing
minion waves into Towers isn't only good
to pressure your opponent but also to
build Tempo over them this is a term
you're going to hear a lot in League of
Legends Tempo is simply a way of saying
that you can act before your opponent so
because there's a wave at their Tower
your opponent is stuck in Lane this
means that you can freely move on the
map before they do which means you have
a Tempo Advantage you'll learn more
about how to abuse Tempo advantages in
our other guides but you can do anything
during this time you can move around the
map go into the enemy jungle or even
just recall to recover resources and buy
finally there's a major concern that
every ADC will eventually have to deal
with their support a random support will
have varying degrees of skill you never
know what you're going to get you'll get
players on random Champions who
literally abandon you the entire laning
phase learning how to deal with this is
probably one of the most important
skills to learn as an ad carry as you're
playing the lane if you start to notice
that your support doesn't seem too good
they seem uncomfortable in the matchup
they're not helping you trade or
whatever else it may be then you should
probably try your best to hard push
every single wave you can it's a bit
similar to our previous strategy but
you're not looking to get advantages out
of this the goal of pushing the wave
aggressively is to make the lane as
uninteractive as possible with the
minion Advantage your opponents have no
choice but to back up and farm at their
wave this makes it so that no action is
happening so everyone in the lane is
just farming minions the important part
to remember when doing this though is
that you want to prepare for the
incoming Wave by standing around here as
the enemy wave comes in you instantly
begin hitting it the point is that you
can hit the enemy wave first before they
can hit yours this will almost guarantee
that you're able to get the push lead
letting you crash another wave and if
you crash that wave the cycle repeats
you stand here instantly push Etc this
is an extremely good way of neutralizing
almost any matchup if you manage to do
do it you won't get a lead but you
prevent your support from doing anything
silly and losing the lane for you by the
way this strategy is also good on strong
late game marksmen like civer Jinx or
Tristana they all have really good
pushing power which lets them do the
strategy easily at the same time they
scale really well with items so they're
technically winning the matchup by going
even so if you play something that
scales well definitely look to do this
strategy moving on from the laning phase
to understand how to play ad carry
properly we should probably talk about
your biggest strengths and weaknesses as
a class when people think of 8 carries
though they instinctively think about
their biggest weakness how squishy they
are this is very true in a lot of your
games you will absolutely be blown up
when your opponent looks at you even
just for a moment as frustrating as that
is you can definitely offset this by
understanding your biggest strength as
an ADC which is uptime let's explain
there are some exceptions but almost
every single Marksman shares these
following characteristics you're
probably ranged most of your damage
comes from Auto attacks you are also
unlikely to be overly reliant on Mana or
cooldowns yes some ad carries are but
not nearly as Reliant as other classes
and finally most marksmen are able to
pick up some form of life steal very
reliably in their kit either through
items or runes basically what this means
is that unlike other classes you never
really have an off mode for example a
mage has a point of weakness around
their mana and cooldown melee Champions
have points of weakness around their
range Health totals and so on adcs on
the other hand can always hit something
at range never run out of damage and can
permanently sustain through life steal
to put it simply you have nearly 100% up
time and are almost always able to do
something this is by far your biggest
strength as an ADC and playing around it
will give you the biggest chance for
Success let's break down how this
relates to your midgame macro and then
we'll talk about how to use it to dual
Skirmish and team fight like we said
let's talk macro first league is known
as a strategy game and with so many
potential options for what to do it can
get overwhelming for a newer player
thankfully knowing what to do as an ad
carry is actually fairly simple if you
just follow a few General guidelines
your main goal after the Leaning phase
is really simple you want to try your
best to be hitting something as much as
possible that's it remember you have the
best uptime of any role in the game what
this means is that you want to maximize
the amount of damage you're dealing to
stuff on the map that can can be farming
minion waves jungle camps Towers
objectives enemy Champions Etc you
always want to be hitting something to
abuse your uptime advantage as much as
possible to do this after the laning
phase ends you want to transition into
mid lane with your support there is a
theoretical reason for why you want to
be midlane with your support at this
time in the game proper macro in this
game is about optimizing the amount of
total resources your entire team is
acquiring mid lane is the safest Lane
out of all as a vulnerable carry this
makes it the perfect spot to hang out to
keep yourself safe not only that but
it's obviously in the middle of the map
this gives you the best access to
everywhere you want to go both
objectives are nearby there's a lot of
jungle camps in close proximity Etc by
being mid you have the best potential to
abuse your uptime advantage Meanwhile
your more self-reliant teammates can be
in the sidelanes and securing the waves
there this makes it so that none of the
carries of the team are sharing
resources and everyone is properly
getting farmed the final reason is that
your support typically wants to play
around you by being in mid this will put
your support nearby to whatever
important objective is going to be
contested next by being so close it lets
them Ward the area around the objective
quickly and and efficiently with these
Lane assignments the goal is then to
play around the pressure of pushing
Waves by pushing a wave into your
opponent's side of the map it forces one
of them to have to react to that wave
otherwise they risk Tower damage and
missing Resources by playing around
these timings you and your team can get
big advantages for example if one of
your s side laners pushes in bot Lane
they can then collapse towards you in
mid to force a fight with the numberers
advantage likewise if you push Mid First
you can collapse to a side lane first
with your pressure while knowing what
should theoretically happen is nice and
all none of that is ever going to happen
as cleanly as we just described it leag
g GES are going to be messy random and
chaotic you're never going to get actual
Synergy from your teammates but the
reason you want to understand the theory
is because it lets you adapt to the
randomness of solo quue and easily make
the right decision no matter what crazy
thing is happening on the map there's
two main Concepts behind the actual
theory of how to play the game first you
want every lane being farmed efficiently
by your team secondly you want to play
around the pressure of pushing waves
that's it then you combine those with
the high up time of the ad carry role we
spent a while discussing it sounds
complicated but it really isn't here's
how you actually apply this in your own
game games after the laning phase ends
head to Mid push out the wave if
possible then take a look at the map if
there's an objective up gravitate
towards that with your team and look to
set up in the area in preparation for a
fight if you're ahead you'll get these
for free but if you're even you'll
probably have to fight for them if
there's no upcoming objective then you
want to take a look at how your
teammates are playing in all three lanes
in newer games and lower ranked brackets
players tend to gravitate and sit in mid
way too much this goes against our first
guideline of keeping every lane farmed
technically C's teammate should be the
one going Bottom to collect this big
wave but since she wants to stay in mid
civer takes over his job and goes to
farm bottom instead it's completely fine
for you to break the rules and go to a s
Side Lane on your own to take the farm
that your teammate was supposed to get
as you improve at this game and as we
will often teach you winning games will
often consist of playing around your
teammates mistakes okay when you get to
the Sid Lane you've got two goals Farm
all the waves you can and to put
pressure unfortunately you have to deal
with the fact that in general you'll be
quite vulnerable on your own if someone
happens to be in the area you could very
well die doing this so here are some
simple guidelines to help deal with this
if you feel exceptionally weak and or
there's some scary champion on the enemy
team like assassins then you want to be
extra careful don't push past around
this line otherwise you risk dying if
you feel decently strong and or safe
then you can farm and push waves a
little further up to around here don't
go past this somewhere around this wall
obviously this will be inverted when
playing in other lanes or on the other
side of the map after pushing the waves
in you head back to Mid and rejoin your
team while the wave is on the enemy side
of the map and if you're feeling really
strong and think that you can handle
your own in the Sid Lane then you can
actually push even more aggressively
this is known as split pushing and it's
definitely not a standard ad carry thing
to do we just wanted to cover that you
can technically do whatever you want on
the map but this is a rarer thing to do
on ADC but rules are there to be broken
if you want to play aggressively and we
suggest our other AD carry guides to
learn when and how to do it anyways
that's literally it for the basic ADC
decision-making it's actually that easy
in most games you're usually just
sitting in mid waiting for things to
happen keep farming minion waves and
putting pressure by pushing waves make
sure to press Tab and keep an eye out
for what objectives are spawning and be
in the area ready for those important
team fights and if your teammates aren't
doing their jobs and pick up the waves
in the other lanes then you do that for
them and then rejoin your team after a
final note to keep in mind as you go
through this process is the uptime
advantage we mentioned before this
section ad carries have effectively
Limitless damage and sustain after one
or two items a good mindset that will
help your decision-making is simply
thinking about how to make the most use
of your uptime ad8 carries typically
don't have a lot of playmaking potential
on their own your biggest contributing
strength as a champion will be your
ability to collect resources better than
any other role in the game so you
ideally want to always be hitting
something As you move around the map
think about what gives you the most
potential to make use of your DPS as you
go between lanes Farm every jungle Camp
along the way go to as many minion waves
as possible if you have nothing better
to do hit Towers try to maximize how
often you're hitting something it will
make you a better player very quickly
now well decision- making is important
for setting yourself up and getting
stronger throughout a game League of
Legends is of course a PVP game you will
have to interact with the Enemy team at
some point so let's talk about how to do
that we'll be honest ad carry can
definitely have its ups and downs there
will be countless games where another
role will simply breathe on you and
you'll instantly collapse and die that
being said players generally underrate
just how strong Marksman can be take a
look at this ad carry her opponent is up
two levels and is relatively strong but
she's still confident enough in her
strength to camp this brush and look for
a kill when he comes in close or this
feris he's down three levels and is
really weak vers a Fed enemy member but
he still knows he can take this fight
and scare his opponents away ADC is seen
as this frail role but that's because
most players never learned the simple
mindset that will help you win way more
fights than before let's go back to our
earlier point about uptime as it's
really critical here in fights every
Champion has a certain level of threat
potential that they can dish out because
you are an auto attack class though your
threat levels are actually pretty stable
having unability up or something may
give you a bit more kill potential but
you will consistently have an average
level of threat into most fights that
you go into other roles on the other
hand are way more spiky in fights in
terms of their threat levels let's take
a mage for example their initial threat
is way higher than yours but the second
that they use all their abilities their
threat plumet to nearly zero and as they
get to one or two abilities coming off
coold down their threat goes back up a
bit and continues spiking up and down as
they use their spells so your goal in
any encounter whether you're dueling
someone skirmishing or team fighting is
to play around those dips in an enemy
Champions threat as an ADC you almost
never have a dip in threat you always
able to deal damage due to your range
and auto attacks so you just need to
wait for those moments when an enemy
Champion's Threat Level is eventually
lower than yours this is a perfect
example vars and his support are winning
Lane at the moment when they're
eventually ganked by the Enemy jungler
at the start Varys immediately runs away
because the enemy jungler is a mage her
Threat Level is really high at the
beginning of a fight but he slowly
Dodges all three of our abilities and a
mage without any spells as basically
zero threat so although it's a 2v3 fight
bars knows that it's temporarily become
a fair 2v2 instead of continuing to run
he turns around and goes extremely
aggressive his awareness of threat
rewards him with a very favorable three
for one trade and threat is not just
based on how much damage a champion can
do but on other factors like crowd
control and GAP closers let's imagine a
melee Champion like JAX on our threat
graph at this point he uses his Gap
closer on one of your allies his threat
versus you is now effective L zero since
you're ranged and he's melee that's a
perfect period of time to freely hit him
or his teammates this is a very good
example of this concept during this
fight the enemy Gwen has ghost active
making her really fast around the same
time the enemy hecm has his e active
which also makes him really fast as a
result notice how carefully civer is
positioning Gap closers like dashes or
movement speed Buffs are a big threat
once those spells are down look how
aggressively civer is posturing she
knows their threat levels are low
whereas hers are high but when she sees
heum start to speed up again look how
careful she begins to be finally when he
uses all his spells on a teammate civer
moves up very aggressively and knows
it's her time to shine now that the
biggest threads are no longer an issue
obviously doing this properly sounds
like it will require deep Champion
knowledge yes there's no way around this
but most champions in this game are
fairly similar Mages are all spell
reliant with decent cooldowns so when
you see a mage cast two to three
different kind of spells that's your
time to go in you don't need to know
what they do most of the time you just
need to know they're on cool down and by
the way a decent beginner tip for this
would be that during the early levels
most spells have around an 8 to 10c
window you can punish later into the
game that window goes down to about 4 to
5 Seconds this won't always be true but
it's pretty reliable if you have no idea
what you're playing against likewise
most melee Champions have one or maybe
two Gap closers if you see them randomly
Dash to one of your teammates it's
usually a good sign to go in like the
silus using his Dash that's a good sign
for jyn to try to be a bit aggressive
then a little later the silus dashes
again that's a sign that he can go
aggressive once more to finish off the
kill all right now let's move on to
itemizing your Champion if you're
completely new then the recommended tab
in the shop is is actually better than
many new players might think typically
the recommended items talents or similar
systems are quite mediocre in most games
but League does a very good job of using
stats to give you reliable
recommendations on what to build so
don't be afraid of pressing what you see
here that being said you can look a
little bit deeper into some stat
websites like u.gg just to be sure just
type the champion's name you're playing
and you'll get a wide variety of
information that will be useful to your
Champion as for an ADC specific tip we
can give you we want to remind you that
your main goal as a class is to deal a
lot of damage you are the carry of your
team and you need to kill things a very
common mistake you'll see from ad carry
players is building way too defensively
being a bit tankier will not help you if
you don't deal enough damage here's a
simple rule to follow do not build
defensive items until your fourth or
fifth item you really need to hit your
core items otherwise you're not going to
deal enough damage that being said you
can break this rule if you're ahead when
you're winning very hard you already
deal more than enough damage therefore
you can splurge on defense to preserve
your lead all right let's wrap this
guide up with some important in-game
settings that are specifically good for
adcs if you're new to or just struggle
Auto attacking in these types of games
there's usually a simple reason for it
newer players tend to use the default
keybind of right clicking to input all
of their actions this can lead to
frustration and misclicks having to
input where you want your Champion to go
and right-clicking the enemy you want to
hit back and forth over and over will
inevitably lead to mistakes and possibly
losing your life due to a misplaced
click here's an easy fix for that first
go to your hotkeys in settings and look
for player attack move click a popular
key bind for this is a but whatever
works for you is fine what this will do
when you press the Bon is to make your
Champion Auto attack whatever is closest
to them so you can now easily click
where you want to go and attack at the
same time without having to send your
mouse flying all over the place
accurately the second big setting you
want to find is under the game section
here you'll want to make sure that
attack move on cursor box is checked
you'll inevitably run into the issue of
your main target being surrounded by
multiple other enemies these can be
minions or enemy Champions let's say
that you want to Auto attack this dummy
in the back by normally using your
attack move keybind you'd obviously just
Auto attack the closest Target to you
which is not what you want your auto
attacks will be inconsistent and you'll
not be able to focus fire properly with
this setting enabled though your attack
move will prioritize the target closest
to your cursor so you can click the
ground near your intended target and
your Champion will Auto attack whatever
was nearest to the click this makes
kiting and hitting your intended target
very easy instead of having to be super
precise on your clicks you can move your
Champion around and attack move
somewhere near your priority Target
there are of course more settings that
you need especially if you're a newer
player but we cover those way more in
depth than our other guids for adcs
though these are by far the two best
tips you could ever learn if you didn't
know them already and that's everything
you need to know to start playing ad
carry for everything else you need on
your ad carry Journey there skill
cap.com for example are you curious
about those other settings we mentioned
well we got you covered with an entire
course covering every setting you need
in season 14 and remember we're the only
service that offers a rankup guarantee
if you don't climb at least five
divisions while actively using skill cap
you'll get your money back no questions
asked so what are you waiting for click
the link in the description below to get
the rank you've always wanted this
season all right and that will wrap
things up we here at skillcap want to
thank you for watching and we'll catch
you in the next
one