did you know there's more than one way
to play a default so there are different
types of default setups a one4 setup is
a precautionary setup with your Sentinel
on the opposite side of the map that
your team will Fast hit so you know if
the enemies are flanking a 131 setup is
great for split pushing towards any site
because the three lets you Branch off
either towards a or b and a 212 setup is
the most common setup as well that will
help you obtain the most amount of info
in the safest way against aggressive
place because you're paired up on the
extremities of the site so you're able
to get traits on each other and then a
one4 setup this is when five Man versus
failed one lurker is going to kill that
Raina that's flanking and then now your
teammates can have the option to still
hit the other site because now that the
Raina dies the defender going to be oh
shoot like B is open now we have to send
one person back and so that's going to
make it a little easier for the four
people to hit the site or your team can
regroup and hit the other side of the
map if you want coaching to rank up 500
RR in 8 weeks guaranteed click on this
video here