[Music]
NE I never take doubt as a lesson I
never second guess it take negativity
and reject it I got my mind blind to
rejection so I'll be just fine don't be
wasting any time with discretion I run
this campaign like I'm running an
election I po this champagne like we're
not in a recession I feel no damn pain
I'll be broken is a bless and feel it
pumping through my veins got me feeling
like I'm flexing yeah I'm in motion I'm
obsessive like the ocean I'm Relentless
no promotion still progressing
overdosing on these lessons and these
words my only weapon cut you deep oh
yeah threaten feel the heat and all the
tension need relief from this whole
session but I keep myself progressing
cuz I creep across op pressence I don't
sleep enough you guessed it every second
is a blessing got no time to be
depressed on this crime you always
stress so I work harder than the rest
that always said to do my best
doubt I can count on no one else and I
do not need your help I was told to show
not tell I don't ever doubt myself I can
count on no one else and I do not need
your help I was told to show not tell so
watch
[Music]
me
[Music]
yeah man this PE I'm the aggressive got
me on the straight offensive you can't
stop this TR Direction cuz in runs
without an engine when did I fail to
mention that I need all your attention
cuz we're failing in retention listen up
or just forget it I ain't here to spit
Perfection I embrace my imperfections I
just want all thaty to hear something
they connect with so why use my only
method all these words that I've
invested I don't hope that they're
impressive I just hope that they're
[Music]
[Applause]
affected I swear to God if you want it
then you got to get it cuz when I'm on
my death I know I will not regret it you
only got one life one shot don't let it
slip away today get up and make a big
change huh you decide your own future a
winner or a looser a headline or a rumor
on the bench or a shooter Superstar or
recruiter defensive prose
just living a consumer or will you be up
you you have a drink go capture It Go
act a bit get off your ass and take some
action [ __ ] start acting like you want
the [ __ ] cuz passion ain't compassionate
too many people want this [ __ ] it's not
enough your talented you have to [ __ ]
grab it it I'm sick of being adequate
another call his graduate just looking
for an advocate to hire me to pack [ __ ]
you want to take a stab at it you need
to think get after it these people they
don't matter she just block them out and
I don't never doubt myself I can count
on no one else and I do not need your
help I was told to show not tell I don't
ever doubt my S I can count on no one
else and I do not need your help I was
told to show not tell so watch
[Music]
me go watch me
[Music]
yeah I don't let doubt myself I can
count on no one else and I do not need
your help I was told to show not tell I
don't have doubt myself I can count on
no one else and I do not need your help
I told the show not so watch
me you say