[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
hey man how the hell you doing I've been
just fine living life with the new in my
mind all I hear is music watching your
mouth move damn you look stupid I feel
like everyone's a stranger small talk
with your narcissistic neighbor she's
real hot but they said they never date
her H I agree but you did and I hate her
you want to get away you better get in
line won't go another day of wasting any
time I've got a lot to say can hold it
in this time got no filter I got no
filter no filter I got no filter no
filter I got no filter no filter I got
no filter no filter I got no
filter hey man can I get a favor yeah
sure I know see you later
sometimes I just want to be a hater got
to wash down the top 40s with a chaser
your Bo starts feeling like a waiter
scraping my mind it gets your cheese
grater before you go sir you have to
sign a waiver that's all right I'm aware
of the danger you want to get away you
better get in line won't go another day
of wasting any time I've got a lot to
say can hold it in this time got no
filter I got no filter no filter I got
no filter no filter I got no filter no
filter I got no filter no filter I got
no
filter
[Music]
don't want to sleep in cuz I got
something to prove I got to take what I
hate and finally make a move I think of
you and all the you don't do well I'mma
make hell sh that I don't become you
have no regrets the outside of my chest
I'll never forget what it's like to
being dead been stabbed in the