it stands for postive blood what could
that mean h I'm just like just makes me
think about blood bags and I'm just like
you you guys are going to be so fluent
at the end of this
[Music]
video hello hello my name is Jenny and
today we are going to be learning some
Korean League of Legends terms together
before you start wondering why is this
white girl teaching me Korean League of
Legends terms I study Korean at San
University Korean language school for
just short about 2 years here is me
graduating and if you are curious about
the level that my Korean is at please
feel free to go back and watch a couple
of my videos that are in strictly purely
just Korean if you didn't know I am a
huge t-1 fan but I don't play myself my
reactions to speeds are horrendous I
have tried to play league and it
was I'm sure you can imagine what was
said to me so I just enjoy Pro play
these days I have been watching mostly
just lck since the end of 2022 anything
and everything I ever learned in Korean
about League it goes in this note like I
can't tell you guys enough this has been
my Bible and today I'm sharing it with
you guys it's um quite
long before we start I do just want to
say though like disclaimer if I make a
mistake which I probably will I'm a
human being to please let me know in the
comments I'm still new I'm learning I
want this to be like a you learn from me
I learn from you kind of thing
[Music]
okay so I wanted to start with like the
super Basics okay like lines and laners
so top laner and the Top Lane itself are
both called top jungle is called called
jungle and then the jungler is called
the jungle or just jungle mid and mid
laner is literally just
mid is where it gets a little bit
different so the whole bot line itself
is just called BM or B the ADC is called
juil or wo which if my papao searchings
are correct
meano the last part is like damag right
Andi is like long distance so it's l
Lally like a long rage damage dealer
makes sense and then you obviously have
your support which in Korean is
literally just or whatever works in
Korean League of Legends terms I like to
think that there's like three different
categories right there's like Kur
English you kind of like get the idea
immediately there's no need for a
translator tell is
tort or for Flash obviously they have
like their real Korean names teleport is
but nobody says that and Flash is CH but
again nobody says that you guys all know
KY as in carry di which is D then
there's like the ones that are pure
Korean if you don't know Korean you
won't know what that
means which means house if you want to
say I'm a base you say as in I'm going
home which is kind of cute then there's
this third category right misleading
translations and it's kind of a mixture
of the two in that it sounds like an
English word but when you translate it
it actually doesn't mean what the
English word it sounds like means does
that make sense let me just give you an
example a wave right a minion wave
minions translate that to Korean minion
amazing we love that however a wave is
called line as in a line obviously we
don't call it that in English slightly
confusing but not too bad right it gets
worse though hobble which kind of sounds
like bubble but actually it's an acronym
because in Korea they just like to take
like the First characters of every word
and then smack them together which is
literally like the worst nightmare of
any Korean learner it took me the
longest time to figure out what this
meant it stands for posit blood what
could that mean hm First Blood the verb
for that is Da you guys are going to be
so fluent at the end of this video I
want to say something that's going to be
like fun or interesting but honestly
like most of them are kind of like
boring this next one is about HP in
Korean they don't say your health right
your Kang your health they took about
your pee your blood like what vampires
drink which is kind of interesting but
the most interesting part for me is like
the HP bar in Korean they call it pong
Tong being like a like a bin or a
container and so whenever they talk
about like I don't have much health or
like someone is like low Health just
makes me think about blood bags and I'm
just like ew this next one when you want
to say that somebody is chunked you
chunk the hell out of their health bar
you say in English they got chunked or
whatever right actually I kind of like
that because it's kind of reminds me of
like chocol chip cookies big fast
squishy but you don't say that in Korean
what you say in Korean is sua sua means
rot or
Decay they literally say they are rotted
or they're decayed whenever I hear them
say it I'm just like but like whenever
they say chunks and like the the global
stream or whatever I'm just like a cuz
it makes me think of CH cookies anyway
so yeah now you know how to say somebody
got chunk so I thought we could also
talk a little bit about like some of the
Jungle camps blue buff is called blue
and the red buff is called red Faron
which they just call Fon or occasionally
they say NES but usually it's just Fon
dragon is juston or Yong which is
literally just a Korean word for Dragons
It's So the Scuttle crab maybe it's just
me but whenever they say the name for
Scuttle crab in Korean it makes me think
of a cockroach and I hate cockroaches in
Korea a cockroach is called py in Korean
League though the skull crab is called
po it's kind of similar whenever they
talk about wanting to take Scuttle or
somebody took Scuttle or whatever
literally just in my head I'm thinking
cockroach something really hard for the
last one okay Raptors of course they
have the Kore English that most people
use reptils reptils okay makes sense why
then do they have the real Korean one
which is why does every video have me
struggling in
Korean
I think I'm saying that right
that is such a mouthful no wonder people
say that so before I wrap it up I just
wanted to say something to everybody
who's watching who speaks
Korean
for moving
moving
ini
initiates
[Music]
steing
so I think that's all I have for you
today guys I hope that you found this
video interesting and informative if you
want me to make this a series please let
me know in the comments also let me know
if there's anything specific you want me
to include in the next one if you want
the next one I will be going back to
Korea very very soon so please look
forward to a lot more career based
content from me on this channel if you
do miss me and all of that time you can
follow me on Instagram and I'll will be
active on there I always um I post like
at least once a day on my
stor
bye you guys see you next
time