[Music]
[Music]
looks like we've come
to that one turn
second going to win the season one
championships if they can hold on this
Nexus will go down congratulates
[Music]
[Music]
winning two teams $1 million and the
chance to take home the summoner's
[Music]
cup
Korea's isuku Frost came into the world
championship finals as the heavy
favorites the taipe Assassins were
resilient throughout the entire playoffs
have they got enough to play M yes they
do a bab picks it up amazing way to open
the World Finals 54 kill 42-minute
Victory she'd rather be staying for days
now I'd rather fix it mess up again she
rather TPA was in the driver's seat toys
was on Oriana yet again and his shock
wave into Stanley's taunt gave them
complete control locking up two members
of isubu leading to a baron not playing
like the underdog any longer the taipe
Assassins push their way to the Nexus
defeating augu Frost to become the
season 2 world
[Music]
champions
[Music]
one final best of Five series between SK
Telecom T1 and
[Music]
[Applause]
Royal goes in does he manage to knock
him up yes he does surely the shot comes
in but it does not matter first blow
breaker still not looking at it that's a
double k Uzi it gets away from the tower
they are just dropping fce there it is
ladies and gentlemen game one of the
World Finals it's going to SK Telecom
[Music]
[Music]
T1
SK T they will be the season three world
[Music]
champions a few more hits will this
really Happ it they save the NEX and
that's going to be
game G this is for Kaboom this
[Music]
isaboo
am like I said heat seeking coming out
of ma what can they ban what can they do
tsf has to think about game two
already spent all my life holding all of
it closely I played it in sent a feel of
discontent I'm finally facing it all
[Music]
[Music]
Fearless but comes in howling Gale into
a
mon and sound so white for the
2014 World
Champions
brige oh quadri kill they get the
beautiful sh
W the defending world champion could
start his birth week and three have so
little time
left in a battle that many people
thought was a preview of the finals SK
Telecom T1 make it look easy double kill
for b a triple kill for holy
cow kill for ball week two banic came to
play it has been an ABS absolute
Massacre of cloud n in this game Alistar
camping on the lantern oh he kekaboo Bo
and ftic pick the first
sced Elvis get stunned up on flashes
forward the L Auto attack calculated
right there two tigers have punched
their ticket to the quarterfinals in
London me on one side and Death on the
other cannot possibly see it becoming
anything less than a great game
it's a double for reckless he wants to
run down more his brother in arms will
be his dead man in od that's a triple
fanatic will advance to the semifinals
the only team to do that everybody is
being killed SK jov destroy ahqs Nexus
and a one step closer to the seven is
[Music]
come he gets a quad
he's on the and it's going to be all fun
to save the
game it was KT rollster but cou with a
chance at revenge and there it is coup
tigers go to the
semifinals trying trying trying to keep
my
I yeah I
do that I
do through the war hog Summoner teleport
and oh my
God makes this Great Escape is a
[Music]
god grandall throws Smith flashes away
from the third roock of the broken wings
hone will find a St but fails The Flash
and Smith will be smiling with that one
are you kidding me fanatic pulls out a
miraculous fight like my silouette I'm
not easy to forget wreaking havoc inside
the face there's no stopping him now
it's time for SKT to make it to the
finals
[Applause]
[Music]
undefeated who will get themselves the
ace will get themselves the Bas and will
ear themselves a shot of the Su Cup in
Berlin against n
Telecom let it
through yeah I
do well that I
do
this oh SM bring it out the place the
crowd was chanting C tigers for the
first time at Worlds SKT is broking SKT
isn't bringing their a game have they
even opened up Pandora's Box he's going
in butley now it's going to be curl
getting dropped immediately oh my God
who has no
idea SKT will be your first ever two
time World
[Music]
Champions
goes right by it but he level one Ro
right down BR hit yes it is the Rome the
damage to get it
[Music]
done are you kidding me peut going for
the 50/50 he stole it it's the it the
rock Tigers get some Barett
Go's they did it oh my God they did
it oh no deleted
I've seen one at G2 or H good flash of
get knock up TSM are getting destroyed
their hopes their dreams they're done
Royal and for to
[Music]
Chicago crown moves fast he gets the
sick though petrifying gaze smooth he
gets taken down and it looks like
Samsung Galaxy will be moving on mlxg is
looking for the kill sonic wave connect
resonating strike Duke might just
survive Mega going up the bumerang the
excitement the H Duke survive SK Telecom
at for to the semifinal at Worlds he is
still chasing on the death who's nearly
out of HP the chase it for bra First
Blood that's two for peanut it might be
in
third it's going to be the rematch of
world last year rocks hoping to get
revenge on SK Telecom T1 hoping to win a
world championship
up for C and now Ru dead no doubt about
it number one you gave Crown Victor and
ambition he's got something to prove a 3
sweep of Europe's h2k will send Samsung
Galaxy to the world
final Rox doesn't actually have to stop
pushing right now they can delay the
recall with going to get teleport he's
going to stop J he stop J they're trying
to bring it down this is not going to be
enough Rock Tigers answerer back with
game
two into the buet time and it's going to
be all the damage he needs gorilla
getting the kill Rox Tigers one game
away from breaking the Cur B been able
to train his [ __ ] first picking it in
what could be an elimination game
they're going for C on to C J going to
land this time and he's going to get the
damage y he is first blood in for Baker
out the black on C the St and a banker
not going to matter b fight their way
back in elimination game Beni suck back
and he saves as KT now we're going to
game five two Korean heavyweights in the
fight of the
Millennium but they do see Faker and the
kon's not going to land though so can
they get anything else The Flash Chase
it's me onto his face looking for a
little bit more and he's not going to go
down Baker SK Telecom T1 backs against
the wall bangy himself 3 0 against Ro
tigers in the series and akt punts their
ticket to their third World
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
final
we don't really know what to expect from
this Samsung team yes they crushed the
bracket stage but they haven't played a
team as close to as good as SKT here
might have some kill still get the tick
he's on solo
kills very good
tit three charges up the
the slingshot fakers down samang and SKT
are going to game five Duke flashes
forward Chomps down to kill crowd SK
telecom have got two make that three
kills SK telecom have overcome every
challenge they are the Undisputed best
team in the world the SKT Reign
continues they win their third world
championship
[Music]
he's got the
Quadra over the pill for White
Lotus
[Music]
you con Bing it up and bringing it home
and we get to see a dancing Rift Herald
in professional play
just pushing forward Just
In theing To Come In Here Comes Your
ination shock wave will find them all
Royal never give up Block in the first
seed for group z black drag triple kill
I boy you are amazing Edward gaming
keeps their hopes at playoff alide goes
out gets Ed back nice shot with the
backline will they get him in so close
eyes with the for and
Faker is it going to be the game fanatic
look going to knock him down to he's
trying got it fanatic do the
unthinkable and make their way to the
quarterfinals RNG 54 legends never die
when quo's calling out your name Samsung
Galaxy defying expectations and who can
really stop this team a crushing 3
victory over pre-tournament favorites in
Long z b barrier comes
in blood on to bang Misfit hold the
trigger right on top of Misfits the
damage is just too much SK Telecom T1
claiming victory over misfitz gaming
impact singed is something that teamwe
is unable to deal with for teamwe and
Samsung Galaxy the finals birth spells
out the chance to reclaim former Glory
1,00 hit points to three CU is going to
try turn
around into the wall triple kill picked
up fora and Samsung Galaxy set their
sights on the Summoners cup block The
Shield still will and the thing just
picking them all off the twist getting
all of them double kill already but Uzi
is trying to stay alive the barrier in
he's still two best of fives SK telecom
have been pushed to the
brain
[Music]
Masters Of Control we'll take down the
Nexus we'll take down
[Music]
RNG
[Music]
for Champion
[Music]
[Music]
for
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
can he get himself any suppressed the
first s it spe up from the game saving
Baron steal Samsung Galaxy only give up
one turret this entire game and
absolutely dominate SK Telecom dam look
at the BL Colorado ruler do they
have they po Baker they've got the CC
the mid later is down the unkillable
demon king is not just F the SKT Dynasty
is over all Hil the new king Samsung
Galaxy their 2017 world
champion this has been one of the most
hyp playing stages we've ever seen all
of the major region being pushed to the
Limit Oh you
leg dead FM first timeout worlds and a
statement game it is is my favorite time
of the year the start of group stage
when magic is in the air and all of the
possibilities are still alive Duke's got
to make it all happen himself does he
have the damage get trades Duke shows
why he's a world champion and maybe gen
can answer back a little bit but look
out K who is here the no look pass to
himself games like this to remind you
that RNG are this overwhelming favorite
in world's 20
7,000 gold their top laner now looking
for blood One V one and he's found it
this is the KE people wanted to see
there they go see if maybe they can find
some sort of a knockout by boys already
grab the kill on the score K's in
trouble what a lightning quick flank
from moo and the rest of EDG see they're
going in for a with a tries to get the
body slam back in when he puts himself
into a B Spot he gets locked down a
double kill on the spell fux coming in
for just Vitality they shocking our
world J's getting run out of the river
and there goes licorice right into the
fight trying to outplay buying as much
time as
possible G2 pushing to the first
quarterfinal trying to get the auto
facing in but he can't even take down me
with the damage he has right now a
triple kill for
death you can hear how loud the crowd
are they know who their best hope is for
Korea
[Music]
when you want to get off that darkest
ground but gravity pulls you straight
down
[Applause]
Earth from a birds I
view you should go feathers and see this
too when you want to get off the
darkness
[Music]
ground but gravity pulls you stay
[Music]
down
when you want to get
[Music]
up
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
championship fix this gaming 27 minutes
into the game they'll take the second
inhibitor just to say we could it's not
him they're worried about it should be
that support the emperor's divide going
to keep alive for now with the double
kill vanguard's Edge finds its way onto
that fanatic top laner it's a double
kill over to the shy with the rest of IG
Reckless is down BRX is away IG are on
the Nexus the LPL has never won before
but that will change today the crown are
finally King and Invictus gaming are
your 2018 World
Champions hello and welcome to the
2019 League of Legends World
Championship St with a voice Seeker
Sarah now is going to be the desert can
they actually grab it Slow's going to go
down the
[Music]
good
can B I'm a [ __ ]
phenomen the the RNG Uzi up what Baker
willing to go right back on
to the best team in the world doesn't
complain about hard groups because they
what makes
the this what you want
fingen taking down the defending world
champion all three LK off
[Music]
[ __ ] I'm a
phenomen I'm a
phomen yeah you better listen I'm
bringing heat you be a fan when I start
rapping way I have your [ __ ] head
spinning I'm known as spit vicious
release bombs carry
the
[Music]
phenomen Last Hope of Europe on European
so a European world the last of the LC
versus the last of the
[Music]
lck what was
[Music]
that in the history of League of Legends
taken down by the greatest team Europe
has ever
produced chain of corrup s Great Divine
judgment it's not you
this a what you want I'm [ __ ]
phenomenon is terrifying there goes the
teleporter T you beauty going down and
fun Plus Phoenix are your world
[Music]
champions
[Music]
great R go go getet twitch rack to but
he going to try and get a different
Target shot ra that gets the dragon and
now he's going to start shooting a
triple to cadin an ace to the unicorns
the unicorns of Love are going to take
the LCL back to the group stage here at
the world championship sooning with a
beautiful Counterattack for for G2 it's
per baby knock knock this is League of
Legends baby what a game going to kick
the cross three people that was
extraordinary try grabs the kill onto
the shut down the cash
in to time out and here comes nogy
double kill for show
maker d one in the first round robin
undefeated
the shot h two double kills gamer but
the shot is massive she and now lgd just
Rampage to the TSM backline now the
ultimate coming in for the Gen that's
the cart call sooning one 2 TL what a
turn can TSM find the first kill speak
going to get in that is a fiveman sleep
if TSM can't win this what will they g
game God One Moment One Shot One Barrel
that's all you need soon they will take
first SE it group now coming in from the
side goodbye Road goodby hopes and
dreams self in trouble is Ru up oh my
God the AOE and J they say no Predator
not quite enough but he goes to the
portal and there's ping with the oh boy
nobody's dying but dees are going to get
this mid lane Tower looks
[Music]
like night's done he
[Music]
is two stand T they are looking to be
the lck killers with a showdown against
sord one more year in a row we are
guaranteed an LPL representative in the
final sooning have done the impossible
the most impressive can you keep the
teammates alive angels in does not find
the kill two for Z TF two for one I
should say they will spit NE back out
but Angel finds R2 flash flash The
Shield Flash the SP of the parrent and
that's going be a com back up it might
be been going down who did Skirmish them
but you know oh oh my show maker can
block a little bit of damage but doesn't
have the Mana to actually block anything
Mickey is going to get traded back
Minion's going to finish the job that's
a double kill Canyon still dashing in he
wants a little bit more going into the
books look at that Dam it Stan gaming
sweeping G2 they sweep aside the LC and
for the first time in 3 years the lck
will advance to the world final
triple K trip
k
and today D onean gaming will shut down
sooning D onean will silence shangha
and D One gaming are your season 2020
world
[Music]
champions
huge match up now between the old
Griffin ltk boys tarzen feeling good
Supreme display ATT Talent lands on to
two and Je is dead for a solo kill here
he's going to get it and H life join the
rest of the lck E actually wants to go
towards the rest of the team he finds F
to get jumped on there by Steel and now
he's just dead
yes
[Music]
we could not start in a more exciting
way this is a beat down they're just
bullying their former teammates absolute
Slaughter d one k came to play it's a
double for Khan and summer tries to get
away but khah gets the Quadra Canyon
goes in for the damage KH comes in a p
for bra get over the wall big big Shadow
assault that's some noan diplomacy a
triple kill for owner Cloud9 has stepped
up on final day of group a and bu of
time means di Phoenix died it's a clean
Ace for rogue what a shocker C9 they
found the fight they were looking for
and they are making a march to
quarterfinal or JJ versus ruler the
world champions against each other for
life and death at Worlds the bdd show
keeps on
R you have to break the past to make the
future winning fixes
everything the baker the double
kill it's a Slaughter T1 is not leaving
any survivors T won 3 Canyon is just SPF
you just cannot stop this guy d one Kia
9 and O bdd has perks as number absolute
dominance for Gen that's Annie I love it
we're going to game
[Music]
five
[Music]
get massive double triple fori sit down
showmaker this is T's time not the next
Faker showmaker who else will push them
to a game five D one k will not be
[Music]
stop another out blade cint absolutely
demolishes viers we're going to game
five EDG in their first semi they'd like
it to be their first final as well the
ace it's gen G falling and EDG the last
of the LPL are headed to their first
world final can bring them back to life
in goes JJ they just explode showmaker
he is so important for their team fight
and he goes golden as well he's got the
STS he's got the corner shift it's an
immortal job in trying to win the team
fight have double Smite as well so it's
not a real 50/50 right now as Barrel's
trying to call oh it is JJ steals it
away he will pay for it with his life
but that is huge for EDG in order to
close this one out right here there is
one turret between EDG and history moo
is going to be the sacrificial L but
it's a double kill already for blre
lightning rushing his way out of this
one and now the Nexus is exposed D Kia a
limping and EDG at the man Advantage the
Nexus will go down and against all ODS
EDG will be your 2021 world
champions welcome to the kickoff of
world's 2022 here in Mexico City so much
hype heading into plays now that we have
five major region teams competing for
four slots all the wild cards looking
for upset this is going to be an insane
we and a half
game
wa is that locked in locked that's
locked are we actually seeing ad Teo
[Music]
top can't really die back in shun's
dominating bright it's hard to breathe
but that's all
right
[Music]
[Music]
former Champs to Living
Legends the past is history the future
will be written by those
who competition at Worlds has never
looked so heated before this will be a
group for
the show maker play maker they WIP them
off the's going to be taken in still up
alive they for oh my God thee it's just
AB
Tre there is no for here jdg pulling it
back
upset and it's T1 Lambs to the slaughter
welcome the world's buddy finale not
exactly that tanky right
now steps forward a little bit into the
darkness throws to the s m the show
stoer into the gravity field me that is
the quickness getting one onto
Mark it's an absolute cell title of the
fight the first seed of Europe goes
three Z Faker here steps on the stage to
play his 100th game at come on
[Music]
games today is a good day to die K one
versus
three Eastern ation is here at World EDG
destroy the hopes of now both Western
regions when it comes to making The
Knockout stage so we're moving to copium
for both the LC and the LCS welcome
everybody it's time for some
quarterfinals comp with the save into
the stasis The Flash to get away the
wish goes out Rogue is in trouble you
just cannot out team fight jdg and J DG
will clean sweep Rogue out a World 55
the pullback feathers are already down
if they get to the back side they get on
the could all fall apart but already the
AL is massive the Hostile take over his
big sh on the back side no no what how
can you make this happen you are
absolutely slaughtering RNG T1 they
deliver what an outstanding game T1
crawling their way back from such
[Music]
a
oh no way match point the geni showmaker
is going
on God as we say it he pulls all of ji
into a game four gentlemen they want the
fight they don't really care about the
TR oh my God they just obliterate them
we're going to a game number five on the
blank Canyon but now my God the SK of
the week d one k they found it one more
time oh my Gody gets rid of Canyon but
the answer is still that can he do it
yes he
[Music]
can Doan pushed them every step of the
way but Genji and chobi will not be
denied his
semifinal
SC
[Music]
Dan in typical EDG style they will team
fight their way into Victory can they
stop edg's Baron Jeff tp's to the Top
Lane they've got to get back to their
base and the Nexus is in his eyes and
he's going to get oh the inor the inor
is back up what oh my God death no the
game was in your hands death dies Nexus
to Nexus and EDG go up 20 laundre needs
to live gets a b of healing but it's not
going to be enough J mostly left alone
Knocked Up and slain and Jeff will take
another head and DRX bring us to Silver
Screen in wants get the first stun
nearly a kill and a scout needs to get
the shot oh the you got to be freaking
kidding me Z up 4K help should be a
clean spite oh it's going pit gets the
ocean
soul oh double stun death will not fall
Zea will not allow it going with the
Quadra
[Music]
kill the reverse sweep happens for DRX
Deft is able to remove the curse of
quarterfinals and he will find an
incredible win over the reigning world
[Music]
[Music]
champions
not going to take a fight against Faker
will it be enough does he win round two
he's ignited he's ever Frost and Faker
wins the one-onone they know he's on the
left hand side missing will not SWOT him
going to the front they see they you can
see it ok complete with the re-engage
from B is almost enough but it is not T1
back to the finals for the first time in
5 years and a stomping game four
[Music]
over is not over yet well their team is
as well little to no mistakes lock Downs
e the knock up now coming in the Sara
healing will not be enough this is what
makes geni terrifying the consistency
and execution it is top tier Flawless
League of Legends the fight to the side
of DRX Redemption com down but peut no
he's buying time pic you badman you
genius a lamb's respit
indeed for ruler he gets it he gets into
the r he gets everything he wants and
now he can try to find another one Zea
two Dam clean again zeka time after time
in the face of chi damn your church he
is here to win the last dance goes on
the stage and S it is one final chapter
it is one more page and the legacy of
death
no attempt at a Smite steel
oh the only story here is that DRX is
history after game one T1 are just
dominating them po sh and da ready to
fight change the corruption cry out
they're going to find three different
targets thinker is low thinker is down
DRX rise to the occasion and they will
tie this Fury Z up ready to use the
stolen Alti he throws on her away the
Barett is stolen by
owner is ready to go for Baker and they
find him the Barett still a 38 defin
away no way and T1 are on Match Point I
cannot believe it twice in a r they had
kalista and the Smite both times now
what about the team fight here in the
bottom Lane they're going in they found
a lot of damage but they won't going to
kill just yet now go Yushi is going to
be popped and Barrel not traded back Z
taken some damage Baker trying to go in
and find his way through the smoke now
he's going to run he's trying to get out
but Twisted Advance will find him DRX
are taking us to game five po ship
coming around from the side kingan's on
the flank now too they're waiting on the
TP to come in Gushi is going to be
targeted he tries to get away but he's
going to die out first they're finding
more damage as owner about to fall out
the ocean now and DRM is winning the
fight on
was still FR Baker dies Z goes in and
car will die four for nothing T1 didn't
find a response Goa can he steal it Goa
would have to fire a hell of an
arrow K Yi he's trying to turn him away
owner goes in owner is down the Drake
secur T1
jungle T want going to the base King
comes back El Dr already but what can he
do Q3 no damage just yet El Dr the say
is
[Music]
down
[Music]
en
super you're
superhero
they have been doubted they have been
discounted they have been dismissed but
DRX are your
2022 World
[Music]
[Applause]
Champions
superhero can I be your
superer
[Music]
[Applause]
it's a triple kill here for Slater it's
a Quadra kill for Slater P
kill
[Applause]
looking a bit aggressive there and going
to take a lot of damage and then shotgun
on the back side wo looking to take out
n good flash away from the
[Music]
stream the descending world
champion
[Music]
looks like a blink of eyes not enough
she'd rather be staying
for Jin you're going to join jdg in the
quarterfinals we are just going to flip
the entertain they don't want to even
now they're going to send it into the
rest of theg as he's just going to stay
alive though you can't even get on top
of him with B comes
[Music]
in or is it does have any
[Music]
idea Team Liquid huge disappointment for
them obviously right now wanted this
tournament is solid with his last draw
please please Mr please don't do G Plus
KT would be tragic would be very fitting
for
KT oh my
God either de doesn't defend his title
or KT disappoints again ol of deep plus
trying to get out of the way but ke just
gets that room prison down immediately
they dive in though pz is already going
to go down that is a
three
will wipe out
[Music]
def hey for ftic they just could not
match wo the last vestage of the LC is
white and
blg earn their spot in the
quarterfinals 1 2 3 four LPL teams NRG
is the only team out of the West to make
it out and three out of the four LC K is
a machine once they get ahead and
they're stop it yet now they got the M
the shot ready for the be locks down to
ignor dead D's dead there's no chance
left for energy as FBI is sniped from
downtown and wo will crush the hopes of
North America and crush this
quarterfinal they earn their place in
the
semifinal and J played to this tune in
game one the B up coming out and back
and now Delight is next on the menu and
out turning around dou to him it's going
to be two with a great FL from theight
got escap P now going to try and Chase
forward then the magnor for peut he's
nowhere near them Doran what what peut
and Doran are being possessed in these
last two games I'm I'm perplexed the
most one-sided series we have seen in a
while here at world it is looking dire
for Jen Sean will take down p l still
survives Bor
finally comes to life D going forward
with the world Ender and on the back of
the wings of the world Ender geni love
to make that final stand and Busan RS
into life it is the flank that they've
been looking for it feels like the
entire
[Music]
series a reverse sweep on the cars for G
this Series has taken a turn two to two
silver scrapes and now it's all on chy
he's dashing he's dancing around the
fight the perfect execution from chy
buys a second he just can't bu the
Winan was the Church of chovi who was a
God to five nonbelievers blg will face
webo in
semis
K night in trouble as well though as he
flashes away V trying to get in the move
flies forward and en's going to lock
down the first kill Ru is dead as well
as
vect
execution is this really
happening
nice four into the back Baron is in
their sight and ruler are all that's
left well rer
wants massive oned goes down as well
aiming tries to stand his ground but the
Nexus is
[Music]
being it what's the kind of you sh off
the end the
[Music]
[Music]
game
still just taunting them teasing them
buts crank can the hook come out
cataclysm locking him in they will
connect but he PS it back AP theosis LG
are torn to shreds nice counter Punch
coming in from Goa using the AL to stop
the plane as trackx G continuing to step
up desperate to get a little bit more
here but has to be careful the mark now
coming through bar is good damage Goa
wants to finish it and he gets it
absolutely outplayed in the 1 V one the
last Light of the lck burns
and ban as they head to the
[Music]
[Music]
semifinals the crownless are finally
King
now sho's coming in looking to lock down
you he tries to get away SK of the week
a going to work the shot flashes over
and he burns them all up these guys came
to fight B can make it happen the shy
here with the front line lock down St
keeps him alive for an extra second he's
still trying to walk away but b gets up
Counter Strike flashed forward into the
double kill he jumped back into the
triple kill
elg bounce back in game number two
but remember that B's still dead for
another 10 seconds Enchanted Crystal
Arrow has found youal the followup CC
Scout of the week wo move on to match
point blg are losing HP and now they
have to continue to disengage he pops
the Clans but yal dunks him with the
ball blg want silver scrapes and they're
going to take it right here and we are
going the distance it's time for game
five the handshake onun who flashes away
to stay alive the trag secured kalista
of life first time since 2018 the sh
will go back to
finals
[Music]
[Music]
might go for the 50/50 but it's
absolutely pyo flashes over the arrow
goes in it's incredibly
clean
[Music]
oh rer Baker predicts ruler's flash he
gets their first he catches him with the
ultimate it is a clean Ace eyes on the
shock wave of night gavi stepping in
Flash to the side from Faker at the cost
of
very dominating kavi a massive mistake
car now going in the ruler's untouched
goes gold out ruler looking to take over
the fight
ruler firing back ruler goes down
Goomba's just
better it is not LPL versus lck it is T1
versus the LPL and they like those odds
as they move to Finals vaker over 10
years into his
[Music]
career
[Music]
isn't even going to give him the
opportunity as own no oh there a kick
Flash's going to be pushed into B of the
black for but the charm is going to miss
the turret they thrw down AR the is
found two with the ultimate life goes
down so low but isn't going to survive
Wei way trying to get himself out of
there and the shy is given up on going
to connect but doesn't do too much and
in Goes oner The Flash oh that was
incredible from the Shai get taken down
to oh my he's going to be excited about
G in the shy anytime soon although Z is
just going to go remember they don't
have a turret here the charm he's going
to split them carrier tries to get he
goes forward and then just explodes and
then owner that's his moment it's a
double again for this here teleport
event not available for the sh they dive
in the turret goes down the needle work
just rips the senator shreds Zas just by
himself destroying everyone Z playing
like his namesake a god this guy is
going crazy in the
finals just extraordinary asist helps
clear up the fight CU K is on that
sideline they know he's there yeah he
flashes in he finds himself the cham on
the four is there is the ultimate from
the Shai but it just doesn't quite do
enough they try and get out but Faker
has the perfect execution and locks down
his fellow
ninja shiao now taking a whole lot of
damage in Faker he's in the Shroud he's
toying with him it's a double
k and back in again it's a triple the
baker Z is it's heartbreaking is now
they take a magical journey over Zas he
likes this one though one versus three
he's absorbing so much the emperess
divide it comes in but he's still alive
is going on make ties of the bur
everyone's just exploding as way way
trying to get something done but it does
not four times T1 has lost in a Bame
five four times they've been knocked
down and four times they have got back
up for this moment it was 7 years since
their last a decade since their first
SKT Legacy has been
reignited T1 will be your 2023 world
champions
w