[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
hey man how the hell you doing I've been
just fine living life with the new in my
mind all I hear is music watching your
mouth move damn you look stupid I feel
like everyone's a stranger small talk
with your narcissistic neighbor she's
real hot but they said they never date
her H I agree but you did and I hate her
you want to get away you better get in
line won't go another day of wasting any
time I've got a lot to say can hold it
in this time got no filter I got no
filter no filter I got no filter no
filter I got no filter no filter I got
no filter no filter I got no
filter hey man can I get a favor ja sure
I know see you later
sometimes I just want to be a hater got
to wash down the top 40s with the Chaser
your boy starts feeling like a waiter
scraping my mind get your cheese grater
before you go sir you have to sign a
waiver that's all right I'm aware of the
danger you want to get away you better
get in line won't go another day I'll
wasting any time I've got a lot to say
can hold it in this time got no filter I
got no filter no filter I got no filter
no filter I got no filter no filter I
got no filter no filter I got no
filter
that is your chance to be Hey kid don't
ever let them get inside your head
they'll tell you what to do in life
instead of everything you know that you
could get
don't let them guide your life towards
your gret I'll fight for what I love
with every breath my past is fill the
things I won't
forget I use them all to push me to my
best so treat the worst of times just
like a test if only I could go back in
time I tell myself that everything will
end up all right just push yourself test
yourself figure out what you like and
find your limits don't be rigid always
work towards a prime surround yourself