why play zinou jungle well he brings
strong early game ganks he clears the
jungle quickly and healthily he is an
amazing jewelist and he's great at
diving and blowing up back lines however
he is reliant on his ultimate for safety
in team fights and he does fall off
slightly in the late game preferring
skirmishing over team fights Zena's
passive is his basic attacks and each
strike of his W generate a stack of his
passive upon applying the third stack
all Stacks are consumed to deal
additional damage and also heal him
Zena's Q is an auto attack research
which empowers his next three basic
attacks where it causes his next attacks
to deal additional damage and also
reduces other abilities cool down by 1
second the third attack will also knock
up the target Zena's W has two parts to
it the first is a small cone skill shot
which deals damage to enemy hit the
second part is a longrange straight line
skill shot which deals damage to enemy's
hit as well as slowing them and
revealing them if this hits an enemy
Champion or large monster it also marks
them as challenged Zena's e is a point
and click ability which causes him to
dash to an enemy dealing damage and
slowing in an area around him the range
of this ability is increased against
challenge targets which of course we can
do with the second part of our r w after
dashing Zinga then gains a large amount
of bonus attack speed for 5 seconds
zinga's ultimate has a passive where The
Last Enemy hit by a basic attack or e as
marked as challenged his ultimate causes
him to deal damage in a large circle
around him knocking back or
non-challenged targets he then keeps the
circle around him and is invulnerable
from all enemies outside of the circle
for combos your main go-to will be to
use e into an auto attack and then reset
with Q into three more Auto attacks
follow up with W trying to land both
parts of it into an auto attack and ult
before spamming away with more attacks
and your engage combo will be to use W
into e following up with an auto attack
into your Q reset and three more attacks
after this use your ultimate and then
keep attacking away for matchups Zin is
great into squishier junglers who can
easily get onto and make their lives
hard and he can struggle against
Champions who can kite him or simply
outd him for runs take this he procs
conqueror incredibly fast for build
order start green monster impart into
Titanic Hydra and tier 2 boots after
this a suned sky into a shogen of great
pickups before finishing a build with
any of these as needed for skill order
start e than WQ before maxing W then e e
than Q taking ult whenever you can for
Summoner spells take Flash and smite
starting the game you have a few
different options the safest option is
always to do a full jungle clear which
will make sure you're as strong as you
can be if you do need to fight for
Scuttle crab and of course it's just the
best way to get golden experience into
you otherwise you can do a quick level
three clear by doing both Buffs and one
of Camp into an early gank with zin's
incredibly strong early ganks this is
actually a great option when ganking
always consider the three main points of
where is Lane pushed to what cc does
your team bring and what escapes do the
enemy have when ganking if you can
simply walk up to them and threaten them
with Q you'll be in a great spot as if
they flash or Dash away you simply go in
with E and get the kill entering the mid
game as the jungler your main focus is
going to be in objectives and one of the
easiest ways to do this is to look for
picks and skirmishes zinja loves the
early 2v2 or 3v3 fight so try to get
involved in them and convert into
objectives entering late game team
fights you can play as the engage but
you mostly want to be the Assassin lur
on the flanks until after the fight
starts and use e to jump onto an enemy
carry and blow them up relying on
Ultimate to keep yourself safe when
engaging use e into the middle of their
team and use ultimate to throw them in
random directions that's