[Music]
[Music]
oh
[Music]
m
let's
go I wake up to a little bit of Drool on
my pillow feel like it's going to be a
bad day yeah I'm tired of and the
coffee ain't hit yet damn ain't that
great I don't want to go to work cuz my
boss is a jerk and I'm not even that pay
I need a change in my life cuz I don't
feel alive and there's nothing that
makes me happy oh hold my beer for a
minute I'm about to quit my job cash for
a ticket I'm going on a trip and I don't
plan a visit I'm going to stay there
till I feel like I'm winning all and
this is just the beginning I need a big
change help me feel like living I need a
big swing home runs I'm hitting and I'll
never look back moving on till I get it
all and we all got
dreams we all want things but what you
going to do for how you going to move
for what you going to be and do you
believe you can do
anything what you going to do
[Music]
for
[Music]
let's go
hey yeah this is my life my Strife my
right to fight to die oh and this is my
game to play to claim a brand new name
oh and I ain't going to lie to you I'm a
bit nervous that I might screw
everything up that I've done but what's
the point of living if you ain't having
fun I guess I'll try this try that my
Miss got to find what I'm good at I
guess I look here look there over where
am I scared where am I at I got to make
it in this life whatever makes me happy
though I'm doing things right sipping in
the summer on a goose and Sprite off
find a nightclub for the end of the
night oh and we all got
dreams we all want things but what you
going to do for how you going to move
for what you going to be
and doep
believe we can do
anything what you going do for how you
going what
[Music]
be