[Music]
I'm heading to the bottom of the bottle
been I be
floating every
I I'm [ __ ] okay I ain't liking it I
don't even want to talk I'm just smoking
my been stuck in my been days been
staring
at yeah rolling another I'm stuck in my
seat for the whole control of my speech
yeah I've been trying to get off this
couch for I'm INE it a whole damn week
no kidding I'm skinny I cannot eat got a
million [ __ ] that depend on me
yeah every friend in my family I'm a
girl every fan I Meet myself I'm too on
I'm too off come down make new thoughts
like jumping off with that rooftop whole
life never but I do not to make moves B
on my moood drops like who's lost like
who's lost it's your stand my full of
shame I want to
lose my pain coming out of that my
really notame I'm never slow down I'm
never be
inside taking
over
[Music]
I'm I'm
[Music]
I'm I'm
[Music]
[Music]
a
I'm yeah I'm sa for
[Music]
you ring H Mo L never stop no rest till
the stress bread in my to the diamond
ring my NE progress to a got from my
goddamn
M bless D deep down trying to find my
best f a beast had to kill a conquest
I'm next two off come down make new
thoughts like jumping off of that roof
never I do not make mov to my moood Dr
like who's Lo like who's Lo it's killing
me my shame I want to
lose my coming out of that my notame I'm
going never slow down I'm going never
Beck inside this prison inside this CH
taking
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
over yeah I'm for
you for
you for
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you I'm for
[Music]
you
out