[Music]
take me back to a place where I felt at
home take me back to a day when we
weren't alone take me back to an age
when the world felt
small way back before we blew it all
take me back to a place where I felt at
home take me back to a day when we
weren't a take me back to an age when
the world felt
small way back before we blew it all too
many things going on I can't keep track
of them all from people dropping a bomb
to people putting up walls I feel like
life is on Hall perception stuck in a
vault I know that time can kneel all but
how much time till we fall it's softly
chilly outside when there's no shelter
to hide when everything is a lie you'll
find that out in some time but when the
things on your mind are all considered a
crime communication aside we all just
fight till we die is this an argument or
just a start of it either way I don't
want to be a part of it can I just get
some space I don't have the heart for
this I can't be picking up the pieces
fixing scars from this is this an
argument or just the start of it I want
to drive away so I can be so far from it
I want to find a place where no one
breaks their promises or maybe dve
myself in something that is bottomless
take me back to a place where I felt at
home take me back to a day when we
weren't a take me back to an age when
the world felt
small way back before we blew it all
take me back to a place where I felt at
home take me back to a day when we
weren't alone take me back to an age
when the world felt
small back do it all I know the things
seem bad but they could be much worse
there's always someone else so has a
greater curse a greater thirst a hunger
pain and M just find whatever you got
and try to be thankful first I want to
feel again I need a couple friends I
never really understood just how the
story ends but I could feel it tense
don't know the consequence the
volatility of life my only confidence is
this an argument or just a start of it
either way I don't want to be a part of
it can I just get some space I don't
have the heart for this I can't be
picking up the pieces fix and Scar from
this is this an argument or just the
start of it I want to drive away so I
can be so far from it
I want to find a place where no one
breaks their promises or maybe dve
myself in something that is bottomless
take me back to a place where I felt at
home take me back to a day when we
weren't alone take me back to an age
when the world felt
small way back before we blew it all
take me back to a place where I felt at
home take me back to a day when we
weren't a alone take me back to an age
when the world felt
small way back before we blew it all
[Music]
[Music]
I got nightmares in my head I fear the
thoughts build up until I can't hear
that my mind fills up into a creature
and it haunts me somewhere much deeper
anxiety filling up every space no
privacy and silently it could build and
build until you finally see whoo it's
taking over damn no closure moving
closer no exposure I just want to be a
loner some can't say sober looking over
R shoulders like moving Boulders just to
get out of the home home it sucks I've
had enough I don't want to feel this
stuck under the rug all my problems that
I shove I got nightmares in my head I
fear that the thoughts build up until I
can't hear that my mind fills up into a
creature and it haunts me somewhere much
deeper I got nightmares in my head I
fear that the thoughts build up until I
can't hear that my mind fills up until
to a creature and it haunts me somewhere
much deeper I've been feeling Weir I
can't seem your focus good enough
nothing's really clear sometimes it
could be a little tough I just need to
feel like the end insight for me but
let's be really real anxiety can fogy
all this stuff I've been feeling weird I
can't seem to focus good enough
nothing's really clear sometimes it
could be a little tough I just need to
feel like the IDE for me but let's be
really real anxiety can fuy all this
stuff it sucks when you finally feel
like giving up oh God no luck Everything
feels like you're sticky stuck I'm lost
handcuffed to the bed where I sleep
don't give a [ __ ] can't stop unplugged
feeling overwhelmed I think I've had
enough got to find a way to get some
energy got to find someone who's a good
friend of me I need purpose to make it
all worth it I'm still searching and I'm
still learning I want a life that's
filled with memories not a life with
theet in front of me I need Focus to
keep me from hopeless psychosis if I
keep moping I got nightmares in my head
I fear that the thoughts build up until
I can't hear that my mind feels up into
a creature and it haunts me somewhere
much deeper I got nightmares in my head
I fear that the thoughts build up until
I can't hear that my mind FS up into a
creature and it haunts me somewhere much
deeper I've been feeling withd I can't
seem to focus it's good enough nothing's
really clear sometimes it could be a
little tough I just need to feel like
the end insight for me but let's be
really real anxiety can fogy all this
stuff I've been feeling weird I can't
seem to focus good enough nothing's
really clear sometimes it could be a
little tough I just need to feel like
the end inight for me but let's be
really real anxiety can fogy all this
stuff I wasil
last I
[Music]
gas
stop
break I want to be the best in the game
invest in my name check no restraints
I'm obsessed with the pain I ingest I
retain assess and I change possessed by
the thought I'll be free one day from
societies restraints money clout and
fame mud disease a plague we all love to
hate have to play the game have to make
a name all our insecurities are War With
the Enemy think that it was meant to be
living in a time where diseas is on
every screen I won't let them Fester me
I know most are Fester ring negativity
is a plague for the mentally weak no
mercy all I got is working never stop
searching never quench the Thirsty I'm
toxic and psychotic with this logic you
can't stop it it's been chronic since I
was a boy soic and
chaotic the weaving I could change the
fast with all I'm achieving got my foot
on gas never stop come and if you break
like glass then this life's going to eat
and make mistakes real fast then you
learn how to beat them if you take off
the cast you can see all the healing if
the pains in the past move on from the
grave and put your foot on the
gas I've been doing this I'm I just want
to be iconic sipping on a j andic got me
going off and I'm on this topic if I
ever play I want it you know that I'm
always honest stay away from those toxic
keep my your face no way you don't want
it don't try to drain my energy the
enemy is everything it's mentally
unhealthy spreading like a rare disease
but I won't let it get to me I don't
need your therapy I can leave a legacy
of leading by intensity come on we can
fight this freedom is priceless spread
just like a virus living in a crisis do
you feel courageous do you seek
greatness trust me you can take it go on
and take your a man bu to last with the
webs I'm weaving I can change the past
with all I'm achieving got my foot on
gas never stop competing if you break
like glass then this life's going to eat
and make mistakes real fast then you
learn out a bat if you take off the Gast
you can see all the healing if the pains
in the dust move on from the gra and put
your foot on the gas never stop
a