get
ready from March 14th to March 24th the
best ballerin players in the world will
converge for Masters Madrid the first
Global event of the 2024 baller and
champions stour will feature eight teams
representing the four International
leagues there's no way teams earned
qualification for Masters by finishing
in top two at the respective kickoff
tournaments Masters will be split into
two parts the playoff bracket and the
all new Swiss stage first up we have the
Swiss stage which will narrow the
competition from eight teams to the top
four to advance out of Swiss teams will
need to secure two wins before they
accumulate two losses each match will be
a best of three
series before the tournament
participants will be drawn into four
matches in the first round we'll see
teams won their kickoff events face off
against all the second place team
finishers no same region matchups
allowed here those who win round one
will move up and those who lose will
find themselves in elimination matches
between each round two fully random
draws will decide who plays who and from
here on out Regional fraty side is fair
game after three rounds of swis
competition we'll have our four playoff
bracket
contenders a random draw will pair the
competitors a double elimination bracket
will narrow them down and will close out
with a best of Five series in the lower
and Grand finals the last team standing
will be the Masters Madrid
Champion mark your calendars tune in to
the action and catch the grand finals on
March 24th for an exclusive preview of
baller's next agent followed by a show
match to see them in action for the
first time for more information and
updates visit Valor and esports.com and
follow us on social media get ready for
the ultimate FL of bant at Masters
Madrid