can't even believe it guys there's
already been
2023 seasons of League of
[Music]
Legends and what a roller coaster of a
year it's been from one of the weakest
starts imaginable to one of the
strongest finishes I'd say as a riot
games fan this year's been pretty good
valerant along with several new agents
cemented itself as an absolute
Juggernaut in the competitive shooter
industry this year's World Championships
reached its highest peak viewership ever
TFT saw several new set releases one of
them being one of the best release sets
today
project L continues to develop at a
snail's pace announcing Yasuo earlier
this year Riot Ford saw the release of
several fantastic single player
experiences that expanded the world of
routa in meaningful lore accurate ways
and also convergence was there Legends
of routa saw some shakeups introducing
us to more exclusive Champions and
massive redesigns than ever before wild
drifted its toes into the arena updating
some its own Champions along the way and
Mal fight finally got his long awaited
visual update in every single game game
in every single capacity besides his
actual League of Legends
model but that's all side content how
was season 2023 or season 13 in League
of Legends compared to the years prior
it
was well you saw the introduction of
rank splits much to the dismay of casual
players everywhere communication and
ping spam was fixed much to the dismay
of competitive players everywhere Nexus
Blitz finally returned and Arena
launches our first new game mode since
ultimate Spellbook and spoiler alert
it's probably the best game mode they've
ever made starter Pok√©mon were added
into the jungle and quickly forgotten
about moral ethics were tossed out the
window with the arrival of $200 chromas
and of course the lore officially died
color story ceased development after the
first Champion release of the year and
right themselves confirmed they would
never ever
return except yeah make sure to put out
a color story for the painter Champion
hilarious as for Champions miraculously
there were even less released this year
than the last dropping from five to four
four with Milo nefi Brier and H for Asus
we got one with Ari for the newly dubb
cgu we got one with a reliant soul and
for vgu we got uh nothing I mean unless
you
count
sup fellas ja but hey you know we did
get nearly 150 new skins this year
biggest budget of all time for 2023 l
ladies and gentlemen okay in all
fairness I don't know why rght even said
that publicly anybody with the smallest
semblance of Common Sense would
understand that because projects for
leak take so long I mean just look at s
we won't see the effects of this
so-called biggest budget ever until a
couple years down the line and while
that stings it doesn't as much as last
time cuz just like season 4 the drought
of content was to make way for massive
changes at the end of the year Mythic
items being removed new items put in
their place Monumental terrain changes
and void monsters void Monsters
Everywhere updated Baron Harold void
ified red blue and and brand new void
grubs canonically named Jay Jonah and
Jameson don't look it up believe me it's
real the choth vgu is finally happening
Koga will finally exist in the lore and
that kaisa Splash out they will actually
mean something the void event the void
event is
[Applause]
real it really is impressive that it
could be Nam dropped in a preseason Dev
blog yet still not be in the league
partner program it should be noted that
there were also few mids Scopes released
this year but for the sake of redundancy
I'm probably not going to talk about
them two of them already had dedicated
segments in previous rewinds and as for
the others we'll go over them once we
get around to the season 9 retrospective
with that in mind let's Dive Right In
These Are the Champions of season
2023
a ran Soul reworked February 7th 2023
damage type AP roll midlaner control
Mage Celestial jackass what killed the
dinosaurs a giant goddamn rock baby yeah
that that's that's not the right music
you put on the wrong music I did mention
earlier how I wouldn't be giving any of
the mid Scopes their own dedicated
segment seeing as they already do or
will have one in a separate rewind
however I couldn't just skip over Lauren
Solio despite my adoration for the full
vgu aelian Soul's rework had me hyped
more than most visually he would be the
exact same Champion but would play
completely differently ironically almost
exactly the opposite the cgu took what
was once one of the most mechanically
challenging difficult to master
champions in the entire game and
devolved his entire play pattern down
[Music]
to
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I for one have never been an advocate of
these style of reworks while the end
result is always better than what came
before the identity of the old champion
is lost forever we'll probably never see
a gameplay pattern like all the ReliOn
Orting Stars exist in League ever again
but here's the thing while I mourn the
loss of the skill expressive Dragon of
the past and feel the pain of the OG
aelion Soul players for losing it good
grief he's naked I'm sorry he's too much
fun you got to understand I'm bad like
really bad at League of Legends I find
infinitely more enjoyment out of running
around the rift like a jackass playing
blitzcrank than pressing 3,000 buttons
per minute on a c I do not enjoy playing
mechanically complex Champions but I do
like dragons so much so I willingly put
myself through the ringer got Mastery 7
on aelion well before his cgu because I
found the character so goddamn cool but
oh the misery getting that Mastery 7 was
one of the most depressing grueling
experiences I've ever had the
displeasure of playing in League of
Legends out of all the champions in
League he easily ranked at number one
for the champion I loved everything
about but could not stand playing them
so Along Comes the cgu and fixes
everything I mean you know how his fly
move used to get stopped by anything and
everything yeah hope he got
anti-aircraft missiles now that Dragon
ain't slowing down for nobody they fly
now he's just so simple now so easy to
understand and enjoy this isn't to say
simple characters are always a slam dunk
Yumi and trundle are textbook examples
of that but you know what a soul does
that they don't look absolutely
awesome flying around spinning Hot Fire
rep placing black holes growing more and
more powerful as the game goes on
throwing literal meteors at the map so
powerful it makes the entire screen
Shake simple yet satisfying it's exactly
what I would have wanted he's finally
the cosmic space Dragon he was always
supposed to be I know that's kind of an
unpopular opinion at this point both
from the OG aelion Soul players missing
their old play style and for the non
aelion Soul players salty about dying to
my renowned mechanical prowess
regardless I love the ASO rework and I'm
very excited to see the next cgu R has
in store which is yeah a year later we
still don't know ideally elaoi or yorck
would be the next in line but when does
r ever remember those characters even
exist you know what Champion rot could
never forget about though the one
launched right alongside ofi and Soul on
the exact same
[Music]
day
Ari remastered February 7th 2023 damage
type AP roll mid laner Mage fakers X
World skin Choice what are you some kind
of furry Ryan originally planned a
continuous stream of new content at the
start of the Year specifically Ari would
release during the first patch of the
new year with a Rel and soul following 2
weeks later the thing about plans though
they change there's no setbacks
everything's fine here just fine I'm
willing to delay aelion as well Riot
launched both long awaited releases on
the exact same day and let me just say
never in a million years would I think
Ari of all Champions would get
overshadowed by anyone never mind a
champion who previously held the record
for one of the lowest pick rates in the
game I suppose that's cuz Riot didn't
want to delay her any longer just like
asol she was supposed to release last
year but Ari does have a lot of skins so
it wasn't exactly a task that designers
could quickly do in between other
projects yeah we'll get to that later
but also because there was a
considerable gap between ASU releases
Caitlyn all the way back in Fall of 2021
Ari releasing a bit over a year later
and still no concrete release date for
Teo or Le in that's not good enough by
the time each ASU releases five more
Champions have become outdated in their
place even Staples like yasua where Jinx
are beginning to show their age the
problem is I don't think this pace is
going to improve R has said on record
that not only do Asus take considerably
more time to make than just building a
new champion from scratch but that when
they do them it will only be for the
most popular Champions that already have
a ton of skins it's probably why the one
after Teemo is going to be Lux it's not
to say Caitlyn Ari Teemo or Lon weren't
in need of a glow up they certainly were
but rght also stated a reason they don't
do these Asus very often is because they
don't substantially increase the
Champions play rate there's a simple
reason to that I don't think Riot's
seeing Ari players St with a lot of
popular Champion Mains are a lot like
Pokemon fans it doesn't matter what kind
of clunky janky schlock is crapped out
because they're going to buy it any
anyway Ari's model looked like garbage
but in spite of that KDA was going to
sell Gang Busters no matter what because
it was a skin for Ari of course these
Champions were in desperate need of a
glow up but hyper focusing on only the
most popular Champions that already
sells skins without an ASU not only
hurts the development time but hurts the
Champions who could become popular if
they got one you think song of noooo
would have ever been made using the old
design I know these projects are a
hassle and I'm not asking for some
massive team to crank out an ASU every
week but instead I think rat should
return to their old ways many smaller
teams each working on long-term projects
that way they all have ample time to
work on them but there was always a
continuous stream of champion updates
ideally we get one once every two months
or so it would still take ages for the
entirety of the league roster to be up
to date in this way but it's a far
better Prospect than Rumble Corky or
choat still looking the way they do by
2030 hey so um question what's your
question Soldier well this part of the
video was supposed to be about Ari yet
the whole segment was you winging and
complaining about Riot's time management
skills how come you didn't do the Spiel
for kin a couple years back I mean for a
section about Ari you barely mentioned
her at all what's the big deal do you
not like the ASU or something do you
just not like Ari in general was the
gamepl so stale you couldn't think of
anything to say about her what is it oh
it's nothing like that I would have
rathered it was the ruin King design but
the ASU is just fine originally I wasn't
even going to give her a segment in this
video just like I did with Caitlyn back
in 2021 but then I got to thinking
man this video will probably do a lot
better if AR's in the
[Music]
[Music]
thumbnail Meo released March 22nd 2023
damage type AP roll support enchanter
slime
Rancher not counting any of the Casual
reviews milia was the only Champion
released this year I made a dedicated
video on granted that video was my base
initial thoughts on the champion as I
managed to squeeze it out only a couple
days after his reveal so now that he's
been out for a decent length of time his
kit released the lore updated how do I
feel about our first ever male enchanter
it's all right it's okay uh second male
enchanter you fellas already know I
despise this role besides a few key
outliers I'd sooner brush my teeth with
a porcupine than play this loome class
of Champions League of Legends is an
action game I want a piece of that
action and if I'm forced to play a
support then you can guarantee I'm
playing something hyper aggressive Meo
by all definition is the opposite of
aggressive he has a single damaging slow
ability mainly used to keep opponents
away two almost entirely defensive
utility spells and an Al that
essentially boils down to at the very
least I can say for Milio's gameplay the
football move is pretty fun it even does
some pretty chunky damage when going
full AP but honestly a single fun move
on a champion for a class I Vally hate
playing is not enough to get me
invested his lore though it is glorious
I think we forget just how long ishal
has been left to rot after Kiana's
release and several other Champions
being shoehorned into it R just decided
that's good enough which sucks because
Riot had plenty of opportunities where
they could have expanded upon it
including the B Meo finally explored
this long forgotten region and not just
because he has connections to pretty
much all the isali Champions but the
elemental axioms were explored and
expanded having him discover the new
sight of fire the soothing fire used to
heal instead of burn a neat idea
considering we definitely needed a way
to differentiate him from the other fire
themed child Champion overall Meo is
safe no really insane mechanics no major
significance to The Wider world of rra
not even any real big promotion besides
the fact that once again a champion in
League of Legends and an agent and
valerant with two very similar themes
launched at the exact same time with no
underlying reason behind it I mean at
least gag is pretty goddamn cool if this
were in a video game I'd be on my way to
prison it's hard to be disappointed with
Meo cuz besides being our first ishall
champion in 3 and a half years there
weren't really any kind of expectations
for what he could be something the next
Champion release was the polar opposite
of
na Fury released July 20th 2023 damage
type ad
roll what the dog great don't you dare
finish that sentence don't do it I'm
sick of it who's your good girl oh yeah
who's your good girl who killed that ADC
in two n seconds you did yes you did
you're such a good girl yes you are yes
you are the fury was a pretty
significant event the first Monster
Champion since or the first creature
Champion since Yumi the first darken
since Ross and our fourth dog Champion
alongside Nazis Warick
and Yas I bet you I'm better than 99% of
you the fun fact Rost and Kane released
before the dark in rcon when they were
still aliens as such nefi is the first
real dark in post update not counting
the 50,000 ones we got from Legend of
Ruta there was so much hype for this
Champion release all this buildup
promotional events promotional materials
concl with a massive cinematic reveal
trailer finally revealing her in full
and
she's I don't know the big reason I
didn't finish the nefy video is because
I was waiting for her color story to
fill in the gaps her bio was essentially
just a retelling of her cinematic and
left way too many open questions but
alas nefy was the first Champion release
since Camille to launch without a color
story so all the lore we had for her was
her bio which was riddled with lore
inconsistencies as before was Rewritten
later on to fix them it explained the
reason why her mind was split between a
pack of dun hounds is because they
ripped the dark and Dagger to Pieces
huh
how
how how I don't know the whole point of
the darkened weapons is that they're
supposed to be indestructible even the
celestials can't destroy them but you're
telling me a pack of random dogs can
that coupled with her motivation to
unify the dark in Via assimilation and
take over the entire world is the exact
same motivation as zalani so what gives
all these lore inconsistencies weird
design choices it's almost like Riot
didn't even want to make a darken in the
first place and you would be correct sir
look at all that concept art it's clear
as day that the dog idea is what came
first and I'm not upset that she's a dog
creature in fact there's a lot of things
I really like about her design it's just
upsetting that our first darken in
nearly 8 years is just some random dog
dog thing Meandering about the desert
with no direction and a motivation yoed
from a far more interesting character
her gameplay though is pretty fun and at
least here it feels like she had a Clear
Vision for what she wanted to be the
Assassin for
babies no not the other one no no the
other one I I said babies not serial
murderers easy to land abilities point
and click Gap closer dogs grabbing CSN
body blocking for you I got you homie
nefy was intentionally designed to be an
assassin playable for anyone and
everyone because of that easy tolearn
play style the fury released strong way
too strong even excelling in the Top
Lane for a good while there before Riot
swiftly made that obsolete a familiar
pattern of this year's Champions where
any kind of experimentation like way
support or a rant Soul jungle was
quickly shot down or nerfed into the
ground Mis potential is a good way to
describe nefy I think she wasn't
initially supposed to be a darken our
first Monster champion in seven years
was just another basic animal and she
was placed in a role that doesn't really
fit her thema ially but there is still a
lot to like about her and let us not
forget the greatest contribution she
ever made to Riot games as a whole knife
PFF mother mother we're going to die I
don't want to die mother our Master is
hardstuck Emerald
mother mother she wasn't what I was
hoping she would be but she did have
some pretty hefty expectations that
realistically I as well as the monster
Enthusiast crowd probably set too high
though I wouldn't say being disappointed
like this acits to any kind of actual
controversy a lot of worse things have
happened to newer Champions that caused
significantly more
outrage wait which Champion release
[Music]
next R Brier released September 3rd 2023
damage type ad roll jungler Bruiser
vampire
hi just taking a little blood we had
known for a long time Riot August
expressed interest in making a vampire
Lolly champion and while making a
champion child age isn't inherently a
bad thing I'm just saying the last time
Riot made a champion with the appearance
of an underage girl it didn't go very
well I mean it will make money sure but
it's not weird no wayn you sick F but
eventually Riot August OC do not steal
would finally hit the rift a bit early
cuz unfortunately yeah she was leaked
and controversy Galore the spash art
shows her with childlike proportions and
a child's face yet she's supposed to be
College age what the for some
reason the only part of the splasher
that's illuminated is her feet giving
fuel to the foot freaks fire feet are
the best part and her thighs are
illogically enormous because it made her
look like an IV bag
what right next time just have the balls
to say you gave your OC thick thighs
just because you wanted to I've done
it it's not that hard we hadn't even
seen her gameplay or in-game model and
she'd already lit the internet on fire a
textbook example of why leaks are a bad
thing because upon her actual official
reveal many of those issues were
remedied in games she clearly did not
look like a child nor did she act or
sound like one she actually sounds
eerily similar to a friend of mine
you are becoming Brier she already
is and her gam playay a champion who
self- taunts themselves thematically I
think that's one of the coolest
abilities in the game going from her
normal humany form to a blood hungry
frenzy unable to resist the spell of
blood or regain control until she's
gotten the kill thematically that's
incredibly cool practicality wise though
n I'm going to do my own thing no frier
come on you stupid champion and this
play style can get very repetitive I
know I said earlier how much I love the
rant soul for his Simplicity but I did
say simple doesn't always mean better
after a while piloting a champion that
essentially plays itself becomes very
tedious press W CU your target let Brier
play herself press W again for healing
and maybe throw an e in there at the end
congratulations you have just discovered
how Brier approaches every single
situation there is no variance there is
no combos she just kind of does what she
wants which again very thematically
appropriate but after a while man this
Champion becomes so stale to
play thankfully that's where her alt
comes in men go in
men meex alt on steroids it's flashy
exhilarating and most importantly fun
especially if you build full lethality
what what what what what I wasn't even
aiming for him cuz if there's a leth
vality Brier on the enemy team throwing
out that Al you're not paying attention
and get hit by it you're probably dead
even that though has fallen off in favor
once people learned the audio and visual
cu's Landing this blasted abilities
become much more challenging despite the
generous Bock Brier is a bit of a mixed
IV bag for me there's lots of things I
like about her and lots of things I
don't but certainly leagues above what I
was expecting her to be mainly I'm just
happy at the end of the day she is a
grown woman after all and didn't wind up
being pedophile
yeah I said the word you know exactly
what Champion we're talking about
[Music]
next Jack remastered October 11th 2023
damage type roll top laner Bruiser
weapon Master hey sweetie if you'll be
my bride I'll groom you that is good
always good it's not fair man out of all
the champions in League why did it have
to be jackon hello hey wait I don't
really feel comfortable with this
Champion being next to Jack right now
doesn't seem like a good
idea don't let your kids what it he's
such a chill Guy having drinks with
gragas honorable duels with Fiora
fighting off evil monsters winning
fishing championships being a positive
role model to all those around him he is
a true hero but then the meme started
and not for lack of reasoning like any
Champion me it was primarily built upon
the foundation of its player base for
some reason it just kept happening
highlevel Jack Mains kept getting ousted
as pedophiles to the point where now if
you play jacks at all you are called one
and that's that's no
fun being called a demon though yeah
that's completely Justified on the
actual rework though he looks amazing I
think we often forget he is one of the
original 40 Champions and his old model
definitely reflected that so Along Comes
the vgu to bring him up to Modern
standards and base it off his excellent
Legend of ter
Incarnation or so we thought you ever
think it was weird that rat insisted
this was a visual update at not ASU that
his fishing miname had no animation that
even though it takes months for mids
Scopes to release after their
announcement Jax is launched only a
couple weeks later it's because the
long-thought Lost mystery EGU announced
2 years ago that I thought was choth was
actually Jack the complications in the
workforce undoubtedly as a result of a
certain bis stifled his production
process causing the L version to release
first and his gameplay and visual
updates to be released separately and I
wouldn't normally have a problem with
that if R had tried to lie about it
Scar's gameplay delay has left the art
and narrative folks with a little extra
time on their hands so they decided to
look to a familiar top ler who's in need
of a glow
up a real believable guys even though
it's said repeatedly that the reason why
Asus and vus take so long is because of
skins but sure yeah you had a little
extra time to work on the champion tide
for fifth place of having the most skins
in the game so it actually was the
legend room Terra version that was
inspired by the league one the opposite
of what we initially assumed can you
blame us though all the L redesigns in
the past couple years have been
fantastic and personally speaking I
actually think the league version is
equally as cool just like L uder is him
at the middle point of his journey I
like to imagine L Jax is him at the end
the league version presents him in much
baggier nomadic clothes a man who has
lost everything to time including his
Heritage and identity wandering the
world to find motivation for his cause
and in search of himself whereas ELO's
version presents him once he's fully
regained his sense of self with a crew
at his side helping him armor up and his
path lit forward filled with
determination he now embodies the spirit
of the last accathon ready to face down
the void One Last Time some
understandably like the L version more
for these reasons but I think they're
both valid in their own right they're
certainly better than the we got stuck
with witnessing for the entirety of
world disgusting regardless of the
complications the update was still
arousing success in my eyes one wild
drift certainly won't see for some time
hell they don't even have arri yet and
asol still has his balls there ja gives
me hope we'll see more similarly L
inspired updates for Champions like NY
zillian or Master ye in the future but
with the current state of how frequently
Asus are releasing we probably won't see
these guys for a long time but you know
what is much more frequent brand new
iode champ ions in League of Legends a
lot like the final release of the
[Music]
Season Quay released December 7th 2023
damage type AP roll midlaner ink mage
G's biggest fan mechanically complex I
find it quite simple I don't believe it
for a second as far as Mages go the most
mechanically intensive task they have is
remember to put Zas on the right hotkey
qu can't possibly be that difficult what
do his abilities do
anyway qu's q w and E spell books each
have three abilities that are accessed
by pressing two keys QQ casts
devastating fire Q out
in
this is a lot to digest and we haven't
even gotten to the rest of his kit if a
felios has 200 years of collective game
design experience and oxan is 10,000
then what does that make our brand new
twink Mage honestly I wouldn't even put
him in that caliber is he weird sure a
bit overwhelming absolutely completely
broken debatable here's the thing about
the 200-year Champions I think the big
reason people despise them so much is
isn't because they have so many tools at
their disposal it's because they can
waste all those tools and still find
success it's no coincidence nearly all
the 200-year Champions are ad cuz even
if they mess up and Miss every single
ability they have not only are their
cooldowns low enough to counteract their
mistakes but they also have Auto attacks
to make up for them and the AP 200-year
Champions like Salis and Zoe look at
that same thing free damage even if they
miss everything Quay is not like these
Champions you have 10 abilities yes but
you have to pick and Cho CH which one to
use depending on the situation whichever
one you choose you are locked out of the
rest of them for a considerable amount
of time and if you miss those crucial
abilities well oh no you missed your
crucial abilities and suffer as a result
basically what I'm trying to get at here
is it doesn't really matter how many
crazy tools or abilities they gave him
because at the end of the day he is
still a slow immobile Mage wait I can
bait her okay she wants the kill okay I
come on you want a piece of this that's
what I thought
 I really like that he feels like
an actually complex Champion that
requires split-second decision- making
and can be royally punished for making
the wrong decision for our first
artillery Mage in almost a decade yes it
has been that long since Fela came out I
think gameplay Wise Way is an absolute
Triumph even if apparently he's just a
straight rip off of a Dota 2 character
shocking by the way Riot has never done
that before time will tell whether or
not that opinion changes I originally
loved kante until I had to start
fighting people who knew how to actually
play him but despite being yet another
ionian champion region with way too many
characters already mind you and a kit
completely in contrast to the skill
level I usually enjoy playing at let's
just say there's a reason one of the
already existing best champions in the
game is so fond of him I think qu is a
fantastic addition to League of Legends
and what a way to close out the
season well there you you have it seven
total Champions this year and man I'm
liking this trend Riot seems to have
finally gotten themselves out of the rut
they were stuck in for so long finally
giving us more unique body types
creatures forgotten regions and play
Styles than ever before so let's take
one last look back shall we and pay our
respects to the season 2023 roster the
cosmic douchebag the KDA advertisement
the campfire connoisseur the darken
dagger dog the neona cosplayer the
lethal lamp bear and the average Tumblr
artist but as always those are just my
silly stupid opinions be sure to let me
know yours down in the comments which
Champions do you love from this year
which Champions do you hate and maybe
what you're looking forward to next year
Lisa and teemo's Asus are well underway
scarner bgu is right on the horizon our
first frodan champion in seven years and
Bessa Marda with all her noxian might is
coming to the rift at the end of the
year and of course our newest Champion
was revealed while I was editing this
video uh is that is that a Skylander
regardless thank you fellas so much for
watching this video and hey if you liked
it consider becoming a patron on my
patreon page not only does it Grant you
sneak peeks at videos and access to a
thriving academic institution but your
support directly goes towards funding
these videos being commissioning artists
for amazing artwork or hiring additional
editing help but with all the Shilling
out of the way thank you fellas so much
for a wonderful year and hopefully I'll
see you in the next
video
[Music]
[Applause]
n
[Music]
n