[Music]
hi my name is George I'm A 3 artist
working in the game industry for more
than four years already I worked on such
games as serial Sam the alos principal
and a lot of different small projects
for mobile phones and PC and I'm going
to show you how 3D art works in the
industry from the inside I'll show you
tips and tricks which artists are using
what programs they use what tools what
plugins what they eat what they drink
and what kind of f are they like and by
day I mean myself of course and today's
first game which style we are going to
inspect closely is League of Legends but
first of all let's start from the
instruments we're going to use for it
and which programs are used in the
industry by artist at RI games as we're
trying to be a 3D artist today will need
a 3D software for modeling of course and
I personally use blender for it it's
free it has a lot of amazing plugins and
a lot of free tutorials on YouTube so
for this video Let's imagine that you
know the basics of it already and I
won't be showing you my every step while
modeling let's focus just on texturing
for today you might also know a
different program for 3D modeling for
example Maya or 3ds Max and that's cool
there's no shame in using expensive and
not well optimized programs that crash
every 10 minutes for no reason but you
can use them if you want that's on you
besides blender you'll also need a copy
of Photoshop and I don't think I need to
explain what this program is used for
like come on who doesn't know Photoshop
but our main program for today which
we're going to use for making a model
looks like it belongs to League of
Legends is 3D Cod it's used in the
industry for making hand painted
textures this program is also capable
for a lot of different tasks like
modeling sculpting uvn wrapping rapology
and blah blah blah but we are going to
use it only for hand painting maybe you
want to show your knowledge and ask me
why not substance painter well you can
use it if you want and it's even used in
the industry to speed up the process of
painting by generating the base of your
texture but most of the time 3D quity is
the main program used by artists for
hand painting there are a few main
reasons why 3D Cod is better for hand
painting than substance first of all as
I said before substance painter was made
for generating texture than painting
them by hand there are a lot of amazing
instruments for generating textures by
using masks smart materials Etc but just
a few poor instruments for hand painting
and the coolest thing about 3D code is
that it's a rer based program while
substance painter is a vector based and
Photoshop is also a Ruster program
that's why I said we'll need it for this
video there's a cool trick in 3D code
where you can connect it directly to
photoshop and jump back and forth
between these two programs while
painting your texture and see it updates
in real time in both of them but we'll
get back to it a bit later so that's the
reason why we using 3D code instead of
substance painter oh and you'll need a
tablet for this tutorial you can draw
with a mouse but I wouldn't recommend
[Music]
it let analyze the art style of League
of Legends for a bit what exactly makes
you look at the screenshot and say I
know where is it from it's from League
of Legends you can say that it's just a
stylized cartoonish looking game but
there are many different types of
stylization that might look pretty
similar but with a closer look there's a
huge difference between them that is why
we need to analyze it a bit more deeply
so our final model doesn't look like
it's from World of Warcraft for example
because these two games are stylized and
hand painted but they have some
difference between them both League of
Legends and World of Warcraft tend to
focus on a larger shapes all in game
props looks chunky with easily reading
Silhouettes but the main difference
between these games is how artists work
with colors and details World of
Warcraft has more like a third person
view camera which allows the player to
zoom in pretty closely to any object
they want and see all the cracks sares
and damages on them but league is a
mobile game which has a top down View
Camera plays pretty far and player is
not allowed to zoom in that closely
compared to Warcraft and because of this
artist from Bri games work more with
gradients and a very small amount of
micro details as player won't see them
anyway if model has too many small
details is going to look noisy from the
in-game camera view we need to keep this
all in mind when we're going to start
working on our model and from time to
time to zoom out and view prop from the
angle and distance which from it would
be seen from the inside of the game just
to make sure it still reads well
well here's a quick concept art I made
for this video now let's jump into
blender and start
modeling when I work using concept art I
import my image directly to blender and
model with it on background it helps to
keep shapes of the prop as close to
concept as possible but sometimes you
have to make some adjustments to the
model that might be against your concept
art and that's okay because we as a
three artists need to optimize our model
for the game engine keep your mesh as
low poly as possible as it's not going
to be seen closely anyway some details
you can even paint on the texture
instead of modeling it also when working
with head painted models it's important
to mirror some parts of the mesh to save
your time while texturing it later and
it also helps to keep our texture size
lower but you need to do it carefully
always keep in mind which part of the
model will be more visible to the player
cuz we don't want to see visual errors
on the most noticeable parts of the
model after you're done with modeling
you need to event wrap it to save our
time once again when texturing and make
that process more comfortable try to
make as less seams as POS possible and
hide them in places where a player won't
see them the less UV seems you have the
less amount of UV Island you'll get it's
easier to draw a texture when it's just
one big U Island then there are hundreds
of them separated and try to straighten
each carved UV Island you can possibly
do just like I did here it helps to draw
straight lines on your texture much
easily after you unwrapped it you just
need to pack your UV Islands nice and
tight apply your materials and Export
this m as OBG format because 3D code
doesn't work well with fbx sometimes and
that's it for the modeling part we are
ready to import it to 3D code and start
painting import your model using paint
UV M mesh and it's ready to go now let's
see the basic instruments we'll start
from the brush by pressing e on the
keyboard you can see this menu pops up I
use only basic brush and nothing else
there's also this window where you can
select the shape of your brush I use
Simple rounded one with C edges now you
can create a layer and start painting
right on your model by holding control
when paint you'll start erasing it in
the same menu by pressing e you can
fight this little triangle it allows you
to fill polygons of your model with
selected color but sometimes you need to
fill the whole mesh with one color so
instead of filling each individual
polygon you can select a bucket tool and
by the way you can load your reference
here by selecting image instead of color
wheel you can pick every color from here
and use it from this point you already
know enough to paint everything you can
imagine as you can see not a lot of
instruments you need to learn in this
program to be able to paint your model
so just go for
[Music]
it
[Music]
[Music]
and I'm not going to lecture you about
color theory but I'm begging you please
never use clean black and clean white
colors while texturing colors from this
area on your color wheel used in a very
rare occasions when you know how and
when to use it most of the time using
these colors just make your texture look
dirty and ugly even in the real world
you won't easily find completely pitched
black or clean white colors there's
always something that affects any
objects that could be lighting or
weather condition which makes any color
a bit shifted to some kind of tinted a
little bit plus we are making a Stylz
prop so it should has more vibrant and
clean colors you can also upload a
background image to see how this prop
looks compared to League of Legends
environment to make sure it not stands
out of
[Music]
it after some painting it's time to move
to photoshop just press crl p and magic
happens you can see your u in Photoshop
that's why we spent so much attention to
UI unwrapping before now we need to work
directly on it and it's much easier when
everything is organized straighten and
have not too many UV Islands just pain
here and press contrl s to save it and
you can see it also appears in 3D code
now you just need to jump between this
program and draw where it's more
comfortable to you that was basically
all the instruments of 3D Cod you need
for the beginning of your career as 3D
artist just paint your mes slowly check
it from the distance don't use over
saturated colors and you're good you
know the basics of 3D code
congratulations now you can put this
model into your portfolio and get hired
by r games let me know what kind of
topic you'd like to see for the next
video in case if you want to get a job
with Blizzard or Microsoft whatever and
that's it for this video and now leave a
like And subscribe to my
channel
bye-bye