this is how you can move around the map
like a radiant there's two ways of input
for movement in this game it's either
our WD keys or we can go straight and
then if I press D I go diagonal diagonal
but I can also turn my mouse and change
my direction and so air strafing allows
you to combine both to have significant
changes in your character's Direction so
right there I use both my D key and I
move my Crosshair to the right to allow
my character to jump around this corner
bunny hopping is using air strapes in
between and timing or jumps as soon as
we land a lot of times it doesn't have
that many practical uses but it is
useful if you want to just quickly get
away from an angle but you can actually
Bunny Hop without holding our W key use
our full momentum initially and then use
our only our A and D keys to
still move forward want help gaining 500
RR in 8 weeks guaranteed with me and my
team of radiant coaches or your money
back then click this video here