valerent new update is very
controversial episode 8 just released
today and with this update the new
Outlaw weapon has been added to the game
now that people have finally gotten a
chance to use it and play against it the
community has been completely split into
two groups of opinions about it one side
is saying that this weapon is way too
overpowered and needs to be toned down
or even removed from the game entirely
while the other side is saying that it
is a completely balanced weapon and was
a good addition to the game I've spent
the day grinding ranked games using the
outlaw while also playing against it and
honestly I have to say I think it's a
pretty balanced weapon 2,400 credits is
not cheap at all and for that price I'd
expect it to at least be able to compete
with rifles which it does perfectly
while not being too overpowered due to
its 140 damage body shot limit and two
bullets in the mag