let's dive into the tale of Oriana the
lady of clockwork and her journey from
piltover to Zan in piltover Oriana was
an Artisan's daughter skilled in
crafting alongside her father Corin RC a
master of artificial limbs longing for
adventure Oriana was drawn to help the
unders city of zon where a disaster left
many in need defying her father she
snuck away aiding the victims tragically
her bravery came at a cost Oriana fell
Gravely ill her body ravaged by poison
her father desperate to save her began
replacing her failing organs with
Clockwork Prosthetics piece by piece
Oriana transformed from flesh to machine
retaining only her human heart as her
father sacrificed everything to save her
in the Tal's twist Oriana meets fum a
mechanical boy at Sur fly's Fair she
sought kinship but discovered he was
just an automaton Oriana now a blend of
human and Clockwork continues her
journey in search of her place in the
world's vast machine this is a fun game