[Music]
you
do can you keep me cing coming for you
get I'm fful I'm going keep going for
for for you
I'm
[Music]
[Music]
I'm Warriors around don't get caught in
the M bit fuel to the fire ain't nobody
can stop it trouble in my but you know
I'm across it got a 40 on my hi and I'm
L to spark it slow down these hits my
click is indivisible I aim you dark I
squeeze now you invisible I'm not afraid
of getting physical all these different
chemicals are [ __ ] up my visual BL my
hands got SL on my Gunners we notorious
we ain't no Runners BL on my hands got
slugs on my Gunners some Warrior aun BLS
on my hands got slugs on my gunners
[Music]
on my hands got squ on my
c p on my strap p on my be p on my my
team take every mother between know what
I mean better myself better my aim
better my better my name killing on my
hang by they change for the fame never
thought I would now I'm this you don't
want to follow me front this I with the
TR trying to get it what it battling and
I never lose we
War
[Music]
[Music]
ni
[Music]
[Music]
C the no way you Caniac turn Super
Insomniac high of s Stay Ready keep an
eye out for the face for the snakes the
and I'mma pull it something sh never go
to battle if you plan to lose life gave
a chance not to plan the mov mdle
fingers up I'm not a f of rules you put
the right to live in peace and not like
[Music]
animals my hands to my
CN my the map on my team take out
everyone in between know what I mean
better myself better my aim better my
better my name killing ra on my Hang I'm
by the change for the F never thought I
would now this you don't want to follow
me no
this what it do never lose
we
[Music]
[Applause]
nice