hi everyone Don and Ash here hello back
for another reaction video we know it's
been a minute but we absolutely had to
come back for this one um this is the
League of Legends season 2024 cinematic
uh we've been waiting a long time for
this one we know you guys have been
waiting a long time for this one and
unlike last year's season uh cinematic
for 2023 yeah we hope that this one is a
whole lot better so it's 4 minutes and
19 seconds I have I don't even know high
expectations I don't even know I was
going to say I'm like yeah there's like
no expectation
we have like you know no no uh no clue
about like what Champion what to expect
or like even a hunch of what we might
like to see I'm just like so excited to
be like it's finally here I'm I'm not
yeah I'm not even worried about this
storyline of the video and everything
I'm just stuck on like did we get the
studio right this
time so uh teasing aside can't wait to
get into it um it's been a minute since
we've done this so we're both a little
bit uh a little bit uh nervous but uh
without further Ado let's get into it
what it's all about
yes tomorrow is a
hope never a
promise they got the studio
right with my
[Music]
like Morana I think so
yeah
definitely what yo mad ner chills
already yeah I was like they're battling
a
[Music]
my blood it's in my
veins oh it's in
my
yo my crushing the sake there is nothing
you can't take and my BL is in my face
I'm still
here what
[Music]
dude oh that was
wild I've begun the SEC all here with
the strength
[Music]
all
bro is that like yasu when he's old or
[Music]
something the
reasons
like play in
my
all this is so sick this is so
sick oh my god dude
it's
[Music]
in oh no
way get out of
here oh my
God
Crush there
is what am I watching
dude I'm still
[Music]
here
[Music]
no
ways my eyes this the most beautiful
thing i' ever
seen yeah they did it they did it they
freaking did it that was so good that
was so good they did it that so good oh
my God I can't oh my God the the graphic
Fidelity give me a tissue the the the
graphic quality and Fidelity that one
was so good like so on point that was
yasu right I yeah yeah like yeah like
without a doubt because of all the all
the uh I know but I wasn't I was I
wanted to say first like no no it's G I
almost did too I had a flicker in my
mind that I was like no no you're
totally right that was absolutely insane
um I have no idea I'm like I just I
don't they nailed this I had like sorry
sorry I don't have any favorite Parts it
was all my favorite I I think they went
like you couldn't have recouped better
oh yeah you guys redeemed yourself so
hard you couldn't have recouped better
the glow up was insane like I had like
immediately as soon as like Morana took
that power stance I was like okay we got
full body chills and it just kept going
and kept going like I had body chills as
soon as I flew up into the heavens and
I'm like like it's like the swing of the
camera and everything like the intensity
let's just
like it
was I love I love the the almost like
the frame rate changes of the camera
like the slowmo to like the quick it's
almost like they're like it's almost
like got like the 360 motion when like
in The Matrix when uh Neo and Adent
Smith like jump at each other and
they're spinning it's almost like we got
that in that that hrock battle right
there definitely definitely as soon as I
seen kale hit that door I was like oh no
you like you done mess with sisters okay
like this is so
sick yeah she totally she totally has
just you could just
like I mean I don't even you could feel
her wrath right and it's her sister just
looked at her like so uh stoically like
not no no thanks for anything just
like yeah I love it though they're both
they're both obviously like mega mega
Warriors
and I
Wicked characters yeah Wicked characters
I really like how they showed uh Boulder
and and correct for wrong for some
reason but we're pretty sure it's Yasuo
and
um this was so cool here first of all
this that frame right there is probably
my favorite frame of the entire scene
because it sets up the
emotional it brings you right up to the
cliff before you know that stuff is
about to go down right that's this scene
this second and a half scene right here
brings you to to that emotional that
that point before you jump and you know
the it just oh man yeah I love like the
two guys are like H like what is this
guy gonna do right and it's like you
aren't ready but yeah back to the scene
I just want to say like the the the
quality of the pores in the skin I'm
like I don't yeah at this point I don't
know what studio that they went with to
make this uh this cinematic but let me
tell you that I almost my gut feeling is
like it's one of their OG Studio that
they've worked with in the past and I
have there's one that keeps coming to
mind and I'll I'll look into it
afterwards but like holy cow yeah holy
cow the eye candy that we just got to
witness was insane I love how you don't
see his eyes too or his expression so it
leaves it up to the imagination to fill
in how how intense you want that feeling
to be and and oh my God is it intense
right yeah oh my God like
nerd oh my God my Goosebumps they're
huge they're huge I'm like I got tears
wiing up my eyes again this it's just
like for me every time watching these
it's it's almost not about legal Legends
for me it's about how beautiful the
storytelling is yeah I
love because you could take almost any
franchise any game any whatever but the
magic that these Studios put together is
beyond anything I've ever seen in my
life if I had another career path it
would 100% une Al be in animation
because animation is like one of the
most painstaking artistic crafts I've
ever seen and it's
like the emotion it just sends me over
the edge I can't yeah no hands down I
totally agree we both what did you
expect before we even go into this the
wolf and the
I I'm wild right I cannot I cannot I I
didn't know who this was I thought this
just was a Warrior fighting for that
concept of like even if you fight for
your life death will get you I thought
that I don't think this is a hero if it
is let us know but I think it's just a
warrior yeah it honestly I won't lie
here it when I saw the Sword and the
little Diamond thing on it I did think
of silus but I immediately kind of
corrected myself my head was like it
can't be like so I kind of wiped that
from my mind immediately but same thing
I couldn't pick out if it was a hero
after that like I didn't have any else
to jump to in my head the only other was
like isn't the only other snow hero like
uh Olaf or something and I know it's not
he has the two act not him but Berserker
guy yeah yeah yeah but I know who you're
talking about no it's not any of the
snow dudes no but I like even I want to
say even the transition into like this
section of story I love the transitions
between each segment I'll call them oh
they were beautiful they're obviously
Beau they literally Flawless the the
arrow shot into the into the it was an
arrow right it was it's an arrow and we
also see that same Arrow from um oh my
God I forget her name already
uh he was like right there but we see
her right at the end of the same the
same section right so it's a perfect
like full circle 180 into it yeah um but
yeah and the throwback can we talk about
the arrow throwback to was to the yeah y
in the original video I for video it is
but that's when we see him come through
and and that little uh who's that little
the little guy that electrocutes
everybody anyways that battle scene
where they Canon it's been so
long anyways that original scene where
you see the big
like 300 style swarm of arrows come at
him and he just comes by with the the
his I don't even know what the move's
called but like you guys know what we're
talking about I'm just so excited right
now no this was
honestly more than 10 out of 10 but this
is like super it was cinematic
Perfection yes it was go ahead go ahead
I'm just like it's so beautiful to see
them come back so hard like this and
like I feel like you know not only did
they hit the bar they went above the bar
and they they came back into their their
true element you shattered it this is
this is Riot I didn't expect to cry
tonight I didn't expect I'm like no they
did they they gave me the nerd chills
they gave me the the the overwhelmed I
don't know what to say they gave me the
tears they bro I'm so excited right now
and yeah like at the second I caught
like the sliver of Kindred I was like
yeah no way right I like you guys did
not getting to see them in a cinematic
is the coolest we're going to watch this
like a million times over oh oh 100%
I honestly listen I'm learning how to
draw right now and I already want to
pause it on one of the scenes of them
and I want to draw them so badly so
badly like I'm particular where I'm like
I I just want to arrange it just right
but yes I want drred so bad look so sick
he looks so good they both did I'm like
oh my God they both did Imagine The
cosplay of of of Kindred RL like cuz
especially the can I be kindred and you
be W well yeah the isn't isn't their
name just Kindred or is she just Kindred
it Kindred encompasses okay well well
the the female half bit the softer half
bit or whatever right uh her that she's
a humanoid like wolf
is she's yeah but she stands up like a
humanoid like has legs you know has arms
he using a bow and arrow so a l yeah I
know but what I'm saying is that's
completely cosplay so yes unreal um yeah
I got so excited Kindred is definitely
like one of my favorite Heroes and I
think one of Don's um that was so epic
to see them implemented in this
cinematic and like executed so so
beautifully like yeah no it was the the
I don't know the Calm before the storm
you only get calm for like a second
before again it's just erupt this chaos
of of action and stuff like that and I
want to talk about I really I need to
find out which studio did this cuz again
I keep thinking about one keeps coming
to mind that I know has done some of
their other fantastic videos that I've
liked well like
honestly the scenes in this are wild and
it's not only the scenes it's the camera
work I'm like I don't want to hate on
anybody but you absolutely see the level
of experienced difference between the
previous Studio that did 2023 and the
studio that did this it is a world of
difference right world of difference
look at her yeah like and his eyes like
dude bro that's ridiculous yeah good
it's got he's got to be a hero let us
know who that hero is I can't the name's
not coming to mind let us know who it is
maybe they just it's just his look in
this video that it's not really ringing
a bell either way this was the sickest
10 out of freaking 10 so dope honestly
like I don't know if I can like say
anything more about it but like
obviously this was super hype I'm sure
yall are super hyped let us know what
your favorite parts are yeah um yeah I
still hands down I as much as I was
stoked to see kred I also really love
the representation that they gave Kaya
Morana that was done so good yeah I
didn't know who it was I'm like yeah I'm
like why I'm like why are you watching
angels and I'm like oh wait the sisters
have wings yeah yeah no that was that
was I understand why earlier tonight
literally earlier tonight at about 6:00
this video had 5 point some million
views and as we reacted to it earlier
some 10 something p.m it's already
getting to 11 million views and I have
no doubt in my mind that tomorrow this
video is GNA have like almost 20 million
or or past that views like 100 like dude
yeah dude how do they keep doing it yeah
how do they keep doing it I'm like
Redemption success congratulations yes
yes redeemed you have yeah flying
passing colors from both of us anyways
um hopefully you guys guys like our um
our return back into reactions um we
probably won't be doing reactions as
intensely as we were doing them before
but um we will be doing key reactions
and as always everybody's excited for
Arcane coming later this year in
November so we know the first look video
just came out keep an eye for that keep
an eye for that reaction and like ash
said let us know your thoughts and
comments on the season 2 24 cinematic
and how much Riot absolutely brought it
back and smashed it out of the par
all right um we'll see you guys in the
next one bye bye be sure to like share
and subscribe okay bye