out of boredom I decided to make a
community post last month asking you
guys who you believe to be the role with
the most cry babies and though I was
expecting there to be a clear winner I
wasn't expecting to be that clear of a
winner over 3/4 of all votes went
towards the ad carry rooll meaning there
were Thrice the number of votes for ADC
than the other four rules combined
hardly surprised if you think about it
no matter what your stance is on your
own position it's unanimously agreed
upon that ADC now referred to a botland
has this uncanny property of turning
anyone who subscribes to it into an
entitled brat with a crippling case of
anime main character syndrome in fact
it's so pervasive that anecdotally
whenever I get autofilled ADC my support
cries tears of joy when I don't
immediately complain about dying early
game or being weak sided everyone has
their own explanation on why the bot
Lane is a hot bed for the worst kind of
behavior imaginable but I thought it
would make for a thought-provoking video
to go over the gameplay factors and
Design Elements of the world that has
such a consistent psychological effect
among its players for today we'll be
discussing the problem with ad Cary and
why everyone there suffers from anime
main character syndrome the best way to
go about about this is by breaking down
the causality behind all of this the
chain of events and circumstances that
led to ADC fostering this me against the
world mentality the formation of top
jungle mid ADC and support was not
merely just a coincidental occurrence it
was intentional however gradual it was
despite the rift being symmetrical in
nature there's a distinction between the
three lanes and the rules that go with
them back in the old days Champion
variety was significantly lower than it
is now lack of resources and more
difficult monster camps restricted
jungling only to a select few and even
as more support and development was
given to that role the jungle was still
too hostile for most carry Champions to
be fielded there likewise in Top Lane
when Champions having more simplistic
designs along with their being little if
anything of importance prior to Baron
Top Lane was mostly an AFK Farm Lane and
so tanks and bruers are the dominant
class realistically since you weren't
expected to get that much gold in
experience from csing or kills you had
to play top laners that were fine with
chilling for a long time the high DPS on
v9 Champs of today were not as abundant
back then for example the average game
today observes Top Lane as usually being
two if not three levels above bot Lane
on account of the more gen his
experience distribution up there then of
course you have stuff like Tower plates
and Rift tailed more ways to push your
advantage through solo kills down in
support not only did Champions like Pike
and S not even exist back then but gold
generation and item selection were also
significantly worse supports that have
to waste an entire item slot to by sight
Stone rather than the support item
evolving into giving WS on their own so
realistically you could only get away
with playing actual supports like thresh
Alistar J and such with the champion PS
of top jungle mid and support being more
constrained that left mid and Bot Lane
to ser as a muscle for the team mid
Lane's more open-ended auxiliary nature
allowed for the role to function as
pretty much anything you could have
conventional DPS CHS like anivia rise
Victor Oriana azir or you could play
someone more macro oriented like to
defate ultimately this left us with the
botman roll reserved with the primary
and only purpose of being the damage
dealer that's kind of your crash course
on how the ADC Ro came to be back in the
years of season 3 4 5 and whatnot most
of your team's damage was on the
shoulders of the ad carry which is how
it earned its moniker attack damage
carry subsequently the Marksman class
known for their extreme DPS was almost
exclusively shuttled into that position
now why Marksman specifically for three
reasons one their damage is always ass
sure while their Mage is capable of
outputting extreme amounts of damage
with some potentially surpassing
Marksman with most if not all of them
relying on Mana for this unless they
have an endless supply of blue Buffs
they will eventually gas out whereas
even a manist Caitlin can still get some
big Auto attacks in two this scaling is
more exponential when you picture most
AP Champions their damage can only scale
in one way ability power same goer 80
casters attack damage is really the only
way they can get stronger marksmen have
three or sometimes four ways in which
they can get stronger ad of course then
attack speed increasing the frequency of
that attack damage being applied then
crit damage increasing the strength of
that attack damage being applied and for
some Marksman on hit effects again there
are mes with DPS second more than exceed
Marksman but theoretically assuming
they're given the opportunity Jinx cogma
Samira Misfortune zeri kaisa twitch
they're intended to be the most damaging
champions in the game as six items
finally three range though not as
relevant now what with with all the
dashes and blinks everyone has back in
the day the range Advantage afforded by
Marksman along with the implied
protection from their team made them the
most consistent at dealing damage since
a melee Champion would not always be
within Striking Distance and mages were
usually countered by tanks who could
soak up their abilities whereas Marksman
could shred through them but the primary
early the mid game objective of dragon
being situated between mid and Bot Lane
it made sense for markson to be fied
down there since their pressure could be
exerted on critical points of the map as
opposed to if they were in Top Lane they
wouldn't be able to these early
circumstances are what eventually began
the trend of ad CES becoming the
instrument of a team's success or
failure the outcome of the game hinged
on how strong your ADC was compared to
the enemies and was the reason why pro
players like Uzi double lift bang
Reckless and de were so high profile in
their prime time that's just how things
are the ad carry was the king of the
chessboard you had to protect your king
while taking down the enemy team's King
I know that's not the most appropriate
analogy given that the queen does all
the muscle work but you get the idea
fast forward to the modern day and the
significance of the ADC role has
diminished considerably now every single
role has evolved and expanded to feature
an abundance of carry Champions up in
Top Lane among many others you have the
infamous four horsewoman Jax Gwen Cante
hro gangline so many picks with imense
potential damage output the jungle has
pulled in almost complete 180 once being
a roll where really only tanks and
bruisers could Thrive its most popular
and successful Champions are high DPS
High burst attackers Rengar kred Evelyn
Kane belv carus hecm Grace and so on in
fact outside a very tank oriented metas
trying to find a Tang jungler is
exceedingly rare in this day and age the
mid lane has also greatly expanded on
damage dealers un lasty support has been
given new picks that could potentially
out carry their own ADC in an effort to
breathe more player agency namely in
solo queue all five roles are given the
opportunity to carry games with these
1v9 Champions rendering what once made
ADC so valuable and distinguished into a
ubiquitous commonplace thing so how has
this negatively impacted the bot Lan
rule what is wrong with top jungle men
and support having more carry agency
nothing at least it should be nothing
but how this escalated the degeneration
of Bot Lane and by extension his players
were four works you have one shot while
the other four roles have gone through
waves of changes adjustments and
Transformations the balling role has
kept stagnant to this day it is still
the role known to field Marksman and
they're still expected to provide ample
amounts of DPS in the mental aake game
they still only have one job they're
still expected to pick a range Champion
ma Lake game pressure yes there do exist
edge cases where you can run like yaso
Orel or Tom kench fasting sna or stuff
like that but for the most part players
are still expected to pick a marksman
and are still implicitly expected to
carry the game why that's a problem is
that this very sentiment does not take
into account the substantial increase in
difficulty of doing so long ago ad
carries were only really in competition
with their midlaners in regards to being
the muscle for the team now however they
have to compete with every single rule
for damage raising the standard on once
an acceptable performance the thing is
the class is intrinsically meant to be
protected and supplied to offset the
devastating L game pressure marksmen are
disqualified from most of the
self-sustaining tools granted to other
classes they have less armor less magic
assist less movement speed less Max
health and any Su of defensive utility
they're allowed to have is limited in
and what it can do kin's 90 caliber n
may be a decent get off me tool as it
pushes her back while slowing down
whoever the projectile tags on to but
compared to a defensive ability like
Pantheon's egis assault which can
theoretically mitigate trillions of
damage oro's windwall which can also do
the same sever spell Shield or Draven
stand aside are nowhere near as
consequential furthermore having four
different parameters in which they can
gr stronger 80 carries are bounced
accordingly and that they need to spec
into all four parameters or at least
three marksmen don't simply have the
choice to build any of the four DPS
tests they're required to meaning
tradition
they cannot build defensive items unless
they miss out on a ton of damage and
even if they do choose to build
defensive items set components are
nerfed on Range Champions rendering them
sub optimal for them so they have no
choice but to build items that while
high reward are still high risk
meanwhile other classes could build
items that give Health armor magic
resist and whatnot in addition to their
offensive stats so while you have Car
Champs in top jungle mid and support who
can start mizing everyone with two items
or sometimes even one Marksman still
require about three or sometimes four
items to really get going during which
they're expected to somehow keep Pace
with everyone else in pressure despite
not being capable of 1 V ning that early
it's an arms race with the deck stacked
against the Marksman especially
considering they need to be supported
and protected to deal damage while top
jungle and mid carries can solo the game
with or without the help of their team
the loss of significance in the role
consequently reduces the amount of
agency they have while every other role
has carry potential they can default to
other jobs if circumstances don't give
them the opportunity to carry let's say
you're playing cosics and you had a
rough early game you're still the
jungler the team still needs you to
secure objectives you're playing Fior
toop and you ran your ass down well you
can still draw pressure by still pushing
into Oblivion if your team can hold out
long enough for you to sneak inhibs and
stuff then congrats you're still a
threat to the enemy team if you play a
tank and you fell behind you're still a
tank your crowd control and durability
are still useful in supporting your team
but what is the Marksman if not just
damage unless the name is Ash or varus
they carry nothing of import they're
just a body if say you got counterpicked
a z it's all good you still have a team
fight ultimate and you can still power
up items for your case if you want 0 and
three on Jinx you're useless die step on
a Lego delete system 32 in real life and
your legacy that's the issue marksmen
have nothing else they're just damage
that's their entire identity and the
entirety of the bot Lan rooll all you
are is just damage so if the role whose
only purpose is DPS falls behind in
terms of DPS what good are they nothing
back when most of the time the DPS fell
on your ad carry and midlaner whether
your team liked it or not they had to
help them as best they could to catch up
otherwise they had no damage presently
if your Tristana falls behind no one
gives a because you have aton's top
Graves jungle on Vex smid you still have
plenty of damage on your team what sucks
is that despite the game having more
damage and carry Champions than ever
before as mentioned earlier ADC is still
viewed as that role that needs to be
shut down dragon is still an important
objective in the early game and with bot
Tower having less durability than top
and mid in addition to there being two
champs to kill ban is still the frequent
Target of being four men ganked it can
be extremely frustrating to play a
champion that starts to G more
vulnerable than any other takes longer
to scale than most others and gets
assaulted the most out of any other yet
Society there's still expected to one v9
the game since what other purpose do
they serve in a way ADC is a very
thankless role if you win Lane and
Destroy everyone then you did your job
you were expected to you didn't do
anything special you just did what you
were obligated to do if you fall behind
though gtf5 bot Gap report R an inting
so how can a marksman overcome all of
these factors pushing against them by
being the main focus of the game by
having everything given to them and
supplied to them just like it used to be
in the past only because of the nature
of soloq people don't trust anyone as
far as they can throw them and pick
Champions that can do the carrying
themselves but Marksman by definition by
framework by Foundation by Design can
only succeed off the trust and
confidence of their team you see those
Godlike moments in Pro play like TSM
vers Cloud 9 double smoking everyone on
Lucian it's because he had three tanks
in front of him literally giving their
lives to protect him because they trust
that he will pull through and carry them
and he did imp goes down and a for DSM
double lift turns around the fight
staying alive so much patience finds his
time that is why so many ADC players
have anime main character syndrome the
environment in which they play and the
Champions they play forced them into
this mindset because that's the only way
they will have any agency in this game
to this day they're still targeted
nonstop in the early game still ganked
nonstop still one-shotted by the enemy
Talent nonstop still being prioritized
as if they're Public Enemy Number one
but there's no longer a reason or
incentive for the team to protect and
support them since they can now do it on
their own leaving the ad carry defend
for themselves or often be used as a
walking decoy the roles have been
reversed it used to be the team Tak the
L so the ADC could win them the W now
feels more like the ADC taking the L so
the team can win the ADC the W it's a
vicious cycle the only value of a
marksman comes from how hard they carry
fights at their damage but not only do
they require more items to reach their
power Spike but they have to with their
vulnerable early game fend against an
increasingly more hostile and
threatening enemy team compared to the
past so their only main enemy was
usually the other team's ADC then when
they obviously fall behind they have
nothing to fall back on besides their
Meer damage which makes them an easy
target for blame from their team in the
mental aing which leads to the
frustration from lack of agency in that
no matter how good they are as a player
they simply just weren't given the
chance in light of being fourman ganged
early game then all throughout mid game
they get asked by the enemy assassin or
diver thus making them believe the only
way they can actually perform is if they
get early help and attention and so when
they don't get it they get frustrated
and lash out which then makes their team
neglect them even more which makes them
progressively more desperate for the
help and attention it's a continuous
feedback loop even though as the top M I
wholeheartedly Champion that Top Lane
has the least agency of the five roles
in concept I kind of feel bad ADC
players if the top laner gets screwed
from being counterpicked or neglected
most of the time the team's indifferent
to it since who cares is Top Lane but if
you fall behind s ADC even if you did
everything in your power to stop the
bleeding it is still your fault it's
your fault if you got four men ganked
it's your fault if the enemy rangar one
shots you all game it's your fault if
you get out damaged by the yit even
though he gets 100% crit chance in two
items while you need five it's always
your fault so while it doesn't justify
their behavior it at least explains
where it came from when you're
constantly being told you're the reason
your team loses the game then players
will naturally believe the opposite can
happen too if you're the reason your
team loses the game then surely you must
be the reason your team wins the game
right whether or not it's true that is
the reality of the current state of
botling it is a tough situation for sure
the world around botling has drastically
changed while they're still expected to
adhere to standards from back then that
are no longer possible to consistently
meet now and with everyone constantly
yelling at them and blaming them despite
having little if any agency in the early
game to repeat it doesn't excuse them
from lashing out but I do sympathize
with them for how frustrating it must be
or who knows maybe I'm just being too
nice and giving them the benefit of
Doubt and maybe they're just a bunch of
whiny brats whose parents never said no
to them but I like to have some faith in
humanity that maybe they're not evil
just misunderstood what do you guys
think do you agree with my stance on
this let me know in the comments down
below for now if you enjoyed the video
don't forget to leave a like And
subscribe to the channel also be sure to
follow me on Twitter ATVs join my
Discord server and why not check out my
video on the problem with toppling if
you haven't yet but till next time
thanks so much for watching and I look
forward to seeing you again soon take
care
[Music]