in today's video you're going to get a
head start on everyone else for season
14 as we'll be providing you with an
itemization guide for every single role
with all the new items being released
and Mythic items no longer existing it
may be overwhelming to try and figure
everything out yourself but by the end
of this video you'll have a much better
understanding of many of the new build
paths and which Champions can use them
for season 14 but before we get into it
be sure to check out skill Capa if you
want to truly get better at League of
Legends we're the only service that
offers a moneyback guarantee if you
don't climb at least five division while
actively using our service we do this
because our service really does work and
if it doesn't work for you you shouldn't
pay learn more at the end of this video
or click the link in the description
below starting off with the Top Lane one
of the biggest shifts to The Meta
revolves around Divine Sunder being
removed and replaced by sundered Sky now
suned sky does not work exactly the same
as Divine Sunder as it's not a Sheen
item anymore and its passive bonus
damage can only be proed every 6 seconds
instead of every 1.5 seconds which is
the coold down of Spell blade because of
this we feel that Trinity force is now
going to reign supreme on a lot of
Champions who used to like Divine Sund
just looking at a damage test here
Trinity Force wins out with an auto W
Auto combo on Jack and this damage
difference will become even more insane
throughout an extended fight due to the
short cooldown on the spellblade proc
now the one thing that sundered sky does
have going for it is that the heal you
get from the passive proc is pretty
massive so the question then becomes is
that heal enough to make up for the
DraStic drop in DPS power if you're in a
matchup where you need to take short
trades to win out playing around around
that 6sec cool down of the sundered sky
passive would work really nicely vice
versa if you're stopping Lane and want
to really push your advantage in the 1v1
rushing Trinity force will help you way
more in theory that's how it should work
but with the damage difference just so
massive between Trinity force and sunnd
Sky we see Trinity being the front
runner Rush option on many bruisers like
Wukong nasis Jax Camille Fiora and Poppy
of course top laners who were running
Trinity already like Nar and trundle
will continue picking it up now remember
Mythic items no longer exist so even
though you may want Trinity Force
earlier on in the game you can still
build sunnd Sky second or third a three
item core we think will be really great
on someone like Jax consists of Trinity
force suned sky and Spear of Shogun for
someone like Camille who wants to play
around her cooldowns a little more
instead of just autoing the enemy to
death sundered sky as a rush makes a lot
of sense you just play around the
six-second passive cooldown on sundered
sky and have a lot of upfront power that
way as if stride breaker wasn't already
a great pickup on the likes of Darius
and Garen to help with their sticking
power the item becomes even more nasty
for season 14 you not only slow the
enemy with the active but you also gain
30% decaying movement speed now this
bonus movement speed will make the item
much more attractive on picks like Fiora
and Urgot who gain a lot of value from
being able to reposition the fact Gore
Drinker is being removed as well should
lead to a build shift for a few Top Lane
Champs there honestly aren't a ton of
top laners running Gore Drinker at high
rates in season 13 other than Renekton
atrox and aelia so the item being
removed won't lead to a big shift in Top
Lane builds atrox is one champ who will
have a completely new look for for
season 14 because both Gore Drinker and
dusk blade are gone with spear of shogen
now being rushal shoen into stride
breaker is a front runner to succeed on
atrox Eclipse could always make a
comeback as well if you want a more
burst Focus build eclipse is actually
being changed so it's no longer a
lethality item and instead gives you
more flat ad so eclipse and shogen on
atro should also work really well
experimental hex plate is the only other
new Bruiser item being introduced and
its power is loaded into its passive
base stats are standard with ad health
and attack speed the pass it gives you
30 ultimate ability haste and after
casting your ult you gain 35% attack
speed and 15% movement speed with Gore
Drinker now gone from the game this
could be a really interesting
replacement for Renekton a core of hex
plate and Spear of shin would offer up a
ton of dueling power in the 1V one the
ultimate ability haste will really allow
Renekton to push his early and midgame
advantages and close out games easier
other top laners who are more alt
Reliant and that also want attack speed
like Olaf and trundle will be the
biggest winners with hex play ap topl
Lane Champions are going to become very
difficult to Blind pick for season 14
because of the introduction of kanik
Rooker this item offers 80 magic resist
20 Mr higher than Spirit Visage which
has the second most Mr for any tank item
not only do you get a massive amount of
magic resist but you also gain a Magic
Shield the trading pattern around kic
Rooker will be disgusting for tanks
because you'll go in for a short trade
win out massively due to the Mr and
shield and then dip into the fog of war
and wait for the passive Shield to come
back up again tanks like gante cion or
Mundo chogath Tom kench and even a
Bruiser like NASA should really like
this pickup to hard counter AP matchups
for the most part jock show iceborn
Gauntlet and heart steel will remain
core Rush items on tanks however the kic
Rooker and Tech is something new to
watch out for there are also two more
new tank items called Hollow Radiance
and unending Despair and both have
similar passives that will provide you
with damage over time the main
difference between the two is that
unending despair has armor and Hollow
Radiance has magic resist bamy Cinder is
a component to hollow Radiance so you
can kind of think of it like Sunfire
egis but with magic resist now in games
where enemy comps are heavy AP but you
still want some added shoving power on
your tanks you won't have to go Sunfire
and can instead prioritize Hollow
Radiance overall tanks having these
added options now especially the extra
magic resist items should make them very
deadly for the start of season 14
everyone will want to be trying out
Mages and AP Champs due to the new AP
items so spamming tanks to counter that
should be really op AP bruisers are
another class of Top Lane Champions who
will see their builds change for season
14 singed Mizer and rum all liked
running demonic Embrace in season 13 but
now that the item is gone they're going
to swap over to LeAndre LeAndre is now
very similar to demonic Embrace as it no
longer has Mana or haste and instead
gives you health and AP for the stats
leandre's new passive also has the burn
damage along with the damage amp for
being in combat for singed and Mizer
Riley's Rush is still going to be great
but for rumble you definitely want to be
rushing the LeAndre singed and mor can
then grab LeAndre as a second or third
pickup depending on the game leandre's
was already a core pickup on Teo in
season 13 so with demonic Embrace
removed you likely see Rift maker become
more of a staple pickup on the champ one
of the big meta shifting changes for the
jungle in season 14 revolves are on Gore
Drinker being removed highly contested
junglers like jarvin Leon and Kane would
run Gore Drinker in season 13 so what do
they look to prioritize now Spear of
shoen Rush on all three of those Champs
is something to watch out for especially
for jarvin he already liked going shoin
second in season 13 so why not just grab
it first and go into black CLE for
second now suned Sky will actually be a
very interesting pickup on Bruiser Kane
because the built-in heal will provide
cane with even more extended fight power
VI is one of the only junglers who would
consistently run Divine Sund so with the
item being removed what will she be
looking at experimental hexplate has a
lot of potential on VI because so much
of her strength is tied to her ultimate
and hex Plate's passive synergizes
perfectly in that regard you'll honestly
have a ton of options on VI as suned sky
and Trinity Forest can work great with
her too if you want to play lethality VI
that's still an option too as Eclipse
The Collector and Essence Reaver will
all still be in the game AP junglers
will have a few more options to choose
from in in season 14 with the
introduction of storm surge and rework
to Shadow flame night Harvester is also
being removed so this will affect three
AP junglers in specific being Elise n
and gragas Rocket belt is highly likely
to replace Knight Harvester and become a
staple pickup on those Champions rocket
belt will now cost 700 gold less coming
in at 2500 and even though the stats are
being lowered to compensate having
access to the active earlier on will
feel really nice a two item core of
Rocket belt in the storm surge is one to
pay attention to on naly Elise and
gragas because the items come together
to offer a nice mix of durability and
burst the bonus damage passive proc on
storm surge will activate when you deal
35% of the enemy's health bar within 2.5
seconds and all three of those Champs
can easily pull that off you also gain
25% movement speed for 2 seconds when
you proc the storm surge passive which
will feel amazing to reposition after
you've dealt your damage imagine n
jumping into a fight one shotting the
enemy and then just zooming away from
danger all in all the reward for
executing well with storm surge will be
very high you could Rush storm surge if
you're feeling really bold but the
margin for error will be very very thin
since the item offers no Health Evelyn
and Diana are two other AP junglers who
will have great potential with storm
surge for Diana especially she's always
been a champion who's had a very easy
time getting into a fight but getting
out has always been an issue that
movement speed from storm surge will
help her get in and get out much more
efficiently rocket belt storm surge and
Zas looks like a really nice three item
core if you're looking to play Diana
jungle one item that is going to make
Fiddlesticks absolutely broken is
malignance malignance provides AP mana
and haste but it's the passive that is
op the passive on liance gives you 20
ultimate haste and whenever you use your
ultimate you burn the ground beneath the
enemy dealing damage and reducing the
enemy's magic resist the damage procs
every second and since fiddle R lasts
for 5 seconds you get five procs of the
malignant passive off just look at the
background gameplay here as to how
disgusting this is comparing malignant
to Rocket belt it's not even close
damage wise as malignant deals 1628
damage as opposed to just 1035 from
rocket Bel the fact that the malignant
passive can proc on multiple targets as
well means that the DPS potential is so
much greater than any other item if
you're able to get a multi-man r off a
malignance rush into rocket belt second
and then Z's third is looking like a
pretty solid three item core for fiddle
for other Mage junglers like carus Lilia
tiia and brand what will their builds
look like for carus you might be
thinking well wouldn't storm surge be
super broken on him especially as a late
game pickup we originally thought this
as well but unfortunately the storm
surge bonus damage only procs on one
Champion so you can't Al with carus and
get insane value from it the malignant
passive on the other hand does Pro on
all Champions so there's great potential
with malignants on carus for similar
reasons to fiddle Tia is definitely a
mage that will gravitate towards luden's
companion as she gets no use out of
malignants remember the new LeAndre
doesn't offer any Mana at all so Bran's
season 13 core build of LeAndre and riy
may not be viable anymore brand is one
champ where it's not as cut and dry as
to which build path he will prefer so
let us know in the comments what you
guys think will be best Rod of Ages
Lilia will have a lot more viability for
season 14 since LeAndre is no longer
offers Mana a rod of Ages rush into
LeAndre and riiz will be something to
watch out for on Lilia ad assassin
junglers will have a few more options to
choose from in season 14 with new items
introduced and old items removed Volta
cycos sword is a new lethality Mythic
and its passive works so that you deal
bonus damage on your first attack and
this bonus damage can be recharged
Faster by dashing or using stealth this
will be a great snowbally Rush option on
Champs like Rengar and kha'zix profane
Hydra is the new lethality item that
builds out of tmat so we could see
Rengar and kha'zix rushing the tmat to
help with their clear go into voltaic
cyclos sword as the first completed core
item and then complete profane Hydra
after ghost blade is still in the game
so for Talon lethality Brier Sho and
Graves they can continue rushing the
item lethality cane will be an
interesting one to track since DUS blade
is being removed DUS blade had been the
most popular lethality item on Kane in
season 13 so he's now going to have to
decide between eclipse and ghostblade
Eclipse actually no longer has any
lethality on it so if you're looking to
play this bursty assassin style of cane
G blade Rush is looking like the most
optimal play now besides DUS blade
prowler's Claw is one other lethality
item being removed but it really
shouldn't make a huge difference as
there weren't any lethality junglers who
were solely relying on the item to
succeed besides voltaic cyclos sword and
profane Hydra one other interesting new
lethality Mythic is called opportunity
the passive on opportunity is what makes
it so unique as you will gain 150
decaying movement speed over 1.5 seconds
if you kill an enemy Within 3 seconds of
damaging them Champions that can get in
but have a harder time getting out are
who should gravitate towards this one
lethality nocturn will have the greatest
potential with opportunity as he has no
issues at all diving in with his R but
it's escaping after the fact where
opportunity will help massively a build
of ghostblade axium Arc and opportunity
should be a really nasty three item core
for lethality nocturn midlane Mages are
going to see the biggest shake up to
their builds for any class of Champions
so let's Dive Right In crown of the
shattered Queen everfrost luden's
Tempest and LeAndre are no longer the
same as before crown and everfrost are
completely gone while luden's Tempest is
now now called luden's companion and
leandre's has had a bunch of its stats
swapped around luden's companion works
very similar to luden's Tempest and
should be the standard Rush option on
the majority of Mages LeAndre on the
other hand will no longer be a viable
Rush on midlane Mages since it no longer
provides any Mana LeAndre now has just
AP and health for its stats while its
passive deals percent Health damage and
ramping damage over time so it's going
to come down to malignance Rod of Ages
Ed luden's companion for your three
staple Rush options on the majority of
Mages malignant and ludens provide
nearly the exact same base stats with
luden offering 10 more AP so it all
comes down to the passives to really
differentiate the two luden's passive is
a stacking damage effect that can stack
up to six times and will detonate when
dealing damage with any ability
malignant passive is a damage overtime
effect that will only proc when dealing
damage with your ultimate malignance
also offers 20 ultimate ability haste on
top of the bonus R damage so Mages that
are more relling on their R to be
effective like malahar anivia Swain will
be liking malignants the most so then
for all other Mages it comes down to Rod
of Ages and luden and since the items
are very similar in nature to before
rush items should not change all that
much in the grand scheme of things Mals
was really the only midlane Mage who was
very reliant on running LeAndre but
since malignance is such a perfect
replacement he should be completely fine
a lot of other Mages like zarth Oriana
cnra and Victor SWA between leandre's
and luden depending on the game and for
those Champs it will be luden that
Reigns Supreme now after the first item
is where things get really spicy as this
is where build variety will really
Thrive you've now got storm surge and
crit Bloom which are completely new
options on top of all the old Mage items
storm surge is going to be the staple
second pickup on your burst Mages
remember the passive procs when you deal
35% of the enemy's health bar within 2.5
seconds so Champions like LeBlanc Annie
Zoey Lux and syndra should all be loving
storm surge on your Mages who deal dot
damage like malahar brand and copia the
new LeAndre will slot in very nicely as
a second or third pickup cryp Bloom is a
bit of an odd one as it's kind of a
supporty burst item allinone it's going
to give you 30% Magic Pen but then its
passive is more utility focused as it
provides your team with a heal it's a
bit counterintuitive here as you'd think
that an item with Magic Pen would be
more centered around bursting someone
out than healing you in your team we
think this one ends up being a lot more
Niche and is probably purchased quite
rarely unless the passive heel is just
way too overtuned for your longer ranged
poke Mages like zerth ziggs and velca
Horizon Focus will be the optimal second
purchase now Shadow flame was very
staple on these Champs but it's now more
of an assassin item while Horizon Focus
will fit the niche of the artillery Mage
much better luden's into Horizon focus
is the two item core you'll want to try
on those three you'll get the most
amount of ability haste from going this
route which synergizes perfectly when
you're looking to poke and Siege
Champions that can consistently burst
squishy targets are going to get the
best use out of the new Shadow Flame the
new passive unshadow flame allows you to
crit when the enemy is below 35% Health
dealing 20% more damage Shadow flame in
combination with storm surge is going to
make the lethal range for someone like
LeBlanc pretty nuts luden's into storm
surge and Shadow flame is a three item
core we can see many burst Mages running
for season 14 even as a later game pick
up on someone like zerth Shadow Flames
passive would help a ton with sniping
enemies who are low on health with zerth
r now Vladimir is the only Mage who ran
night Harvester as a core pickup so with
the item being removed what does he look
for now Cosmic drive as a rush should be
a great alternative as Vlad actually has
had great success with this already in
the past there will be a bunch of mid
lane assassin who are influenced by the
Mage item changes and one of the most
notable is Fizz even though Fizz is an
assassin he's gravitated more towards
luden in the past as his Rush item and
that likely Remains the case moving
forward the new luden being very similar
to the old one should slot in nicely as
a rush on fizz fizz will actually have
more one shot potential in season 14
because Riot has increased the AP on
sonas from 80 to 120 haste is gone and
the item now costs 250 gold more but 40
added AP is going to feel really nice in
the mid game for those one shot nothing
really changes with cast in Ekko and
Katarina as their core builds remain
intact aali on the other hand will see a
bit of a shift as the changes to Shadow
flame should lead to storm surge being a
more attractive second pickup rocket
belt in the storm surge is a two item
core to pay attention to on a collie
whether you want to call Vex a mage or
an assassin she needs to play more like
an assassin in the later stages of the
game so we've got her grouped in here
Vex had been running Shadow flame as a
core second pickup in season 13 so with
the item changed a setup of luden's
storm surge and Shadow flame will be a
really crazy burst build for as for some
of the assassins the introduction of
profane Hydra should be great for a few
Zed Talen Kiana and nefir are ones to
watch with profane Hydra as the fact
that they now have a tmat lethality
pickup will be amazing for their shove
and roam play styles to really get
around the map and snowball super hard
the two item core of profane Hydra and
ghostblade will offer a lot of strength
as for some of the fighter midlane
Champs that will be affected by the item
changes one of them is silus silus will
no longer have the option to build
everfrost or night Harvester which were
previously his two Rush items this may
mean that we see Rod of AES make a
comeback on the champion rocket belt
will be an alternative as well and it
should come down to those two because
none of the other rushal Mage items
provide Health you could go luden's rush
but you'll be extremely squishy which
won't bode well for most games either
rockfeld or Rod of AG's rush into Cosmic
drive and zna is what we expect to
thrive the most on Silas slotting in
storm surge somewhere should be viable
as well if you're looking for more burst
against squishe comps yazo and yon still
have access to Kraken Slayer Hull
breaker and infinity edge and ADC items
in general have not been changed all
that much so their build should remain
quite similar to before a few of ranged
ad mids like auan and corki will see
their build shift slightly for season 14
the fact mythics are no longer a thing
means you can now build Trinity force
and infinity edge on corki this will
make a three item core of Trinity
manamune and infinity edge super lethal
and should bring a lot more power back
to corki we tested the new ADC on hit
item called Terminus on auction and
compared it to Kraken Slayer but from
our tests Kraken always wins out as a
rush item as a later game pickup
hermanus could be an option for auction
but we don't see it being a rush item
for him even though there's only one
brand new ADC item coming for season 14
the fact Mythic items no longer exist
and gaale force is gone will lead to new
builds for a bunch of Champions first
off let's take a look at the new item
Terminus and whether it will be a viable
Rush option you get attack speed ad and
on hit damage along with a passive that
provides stacking armor and Magic resist
and a second passive that gives stacking
armor and Magic penetration kgma is one
champion who I think everyone would
expect to have great potential with
Terminus but after doing some damage
tests blade of the ruin King heavily
wins out with five Auto attacks blade is
dealing 927 damage while Terminus is
only pumping out 793 so as for a rush
item blade is definitely going to win
out but as you get later on into the
game that's where Terminus will slot in
much better since you'll be able to get
more benefit from its ramping passive in
more drawn out fights in those early
game fights the added up front damage
from blade will be way more impactful to
help snowball same thing goes for other
onhit adcs like Varys and kalista
Terminus will be more of a late game
pickup now with galeforce gone one
Champion who's affected the most by this
is JY if you're playing crit Jin the
core of storm Riser Infinity Edge and
fire Cannon will be back in full force
lethality Jin will still be an option as
well though with ghost Blade The
Collector and fire Cannon now with
infinity edge and quick blades no longer
being Mythic items you will have the
option to slot both into your build path
the question then becomes are there
actually any Champions that would want
to do this as their first two items
probably not but having both items
eventually as a Max out build most
definitely Zer Tristana Lucian and civer
are four adcs that will take advantage
of being able to purchase both IE and
quick blades general core builds for
adcs should not be changing all that
much however the late game Power of
certain adcs that can run both quick
blades and ie will become stronger
moving on to support now the role is
going to become so much stronger and
have way more agency in season 14 your
starting item will be the exact same for
every single Champion however once you
finish upgrading it you'll be able to
choose a unique effect to cater to the
champion you're playing Zack Zack's
realm spike is going to be the major
poke support upgrade as it will deal
bonus damage when you hit an enemy with
an ability blood song is the ad support
upgrade as it will have the Spell blade
passive which enhances your next attack
after using an ability there's a second
part to blood song as well as you will
actually increase the damage your
teammates deal when you hit the enemy
with a spell Solstice slle will be the
melee engage support upgrade as you'll
gain bonus health and movement speed
when you immobilize or slow an enemy
your ally also gains the bonus movement
speed so forcing all in plays with this
upgrade will be extremely easy Dream
Maker is the enchanter support upgrade
as healing or shielding allies will
reduce damage they take and also provide
them with bonus magic damage on hit
Celestial opposition is the fifth
upgrade and this one will be more viable
on a wider range of Champions it's
similar in nature to the old crown of
the shattered Queen passive where you
will take reduced damage for 2 seconds
after being hit and then when this
damage reduction wears off you'll slow
the area around you by 50% for 1.5
seconds this one could rival Solstice
slay on melee engage supports as having
that damage reduction when diving in
will be very useful squishy enchanters
could get good use out of celestial
opposition as well into comps that have
a bunch of Assassins so with the
starting items covered let's talk about
a few of the more big ticket support
pickups even shroud and radiant virtue
are being removed for season 14 so this
will cause a shift and priority for
melee supports locket is still in the
game so many will diverge back to that
however there is a new tank support item
called Trailblazer Trailblazer is
basically the Dead Man's plate for
supports as you gain armor health and
movement speed while the passive
provides bonus movement speed for not
just you but your ally as well and once
you get the movement speed to Max Stacks
your next Auto will slow the enemy so
since locket offers both magic resist
and armor it will likely be the cookie
cutter pickup on all melee supports
however in games where the enemy comp is
very heavy ad Trailblazer will be the
main Rush item maai and Bard are two
Champions who will most definitely love
Trailblazer but we can see many other
melee supports picking it up as well
another change that will benefit melee
supports is that frozen heart will be
more catered to supports as its cost is
dropping from from 2,700 to 2300 gold
the item will have the exact same stats
but just lowered a bit to compensate for
the cost reduction if you're playing
against a very heavy ad enemy
composition we can see the two item core
of Trailblazer and Frozen Heart being
extremely powerful for enchanter
supports there is one new item edition
called dacore this one will actually be
the most expensive support item at 2700
gold and give you AP haste and base Mana
regen your base Mana regen will be
converted into heal and shield power and
AP you'll also gain 18 Summoner Spell
ability haste donor feels like a bit of
a trap because its base stats are no
better than supports items that cost
2,200 gold while the passive seems a bit
underwhelming it's hard to say until we
actually see this item on live servers
as to how powerful it will be but it's
another option for enchanters one other
support item change that will affect
enchanters in Mage supports is the
removal of chemtech future fire and the
mini rework to Mel namicon Mela will now
be more of a support item and will
actually be gold efficient for season 14
as it's going to cost 2200 gold give 90
ability power and 15 ability haast of
course it will have the Grievous wounds
passive as well from the base stats
alone season 14 Melo is over 100% gold
efficient while the season 13 iteration
of Millo was only 93% efficient chemtech
putrifier cost 2,100 gold and only gave
you 35 AP so the fact you're getting 90
AP for 2200 gold is going to feel really
nice on a lot of Mage supports now
someone like Zyra who can easily proc
the Grievous wounds passive should be
loving the new Mel in games where the
enemy comp has lots of healing so
overall a ton going on in the support
role for season 4 14 and all these
changes should only make the role even
better than before all right guys before
we wrap this up let's tell you a little
more about skill capat so we offer a
five division rankup guarantee and think
that's a pretty crazy thing to offer
it's like a gym membership guarantee and
you'll get ripped your local gym would
go bust if they offered that right not
us we've offered this for years because
our service really does work it works so
well in fact that we're able to produce
by far the largest catalog of Premium
League guides on the internet we add
over 20 videos a week with over 1,600
guides curated into over 100 courses no
one can compare we've also sent
Challenger players into ELO hell 714
times in counting where they commentate
how to carry live they also respond to
all questions asked sign up today for as
little as $6.99 a month if you are
serious about improving all right guys
that's going to wrap everything up for
this one thanks so much for watching
we'll see you back
soon