here's the three most Broken Top laners
us should abuse in season 2024 Jax is
absolutely insane at the moment with the
rework Trinity force and the new sued
Sky alongside other strong items like
blade shoin and STX he was already op
before the changes and now he's easily
one of the best champions in the entire
game trundle is up next and he's one of
the best early game jewelist you can
play pick up Triforce and Hydra and not
many other picks can match you plus if
they pick a tank just press R GG finally
we have Teemo who's also so surprisingly
strong this patch with lieres malignants
storm surge and Nash's tooth all being
crazy items in whatever order you build
them in honestly the damage is absurd
and those shrooms melt down teams in
seconds head to over.gg to keep up to
date with all the best picks to abuse
this season good luck