[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I can feel the blood creeping up from
the heathens got will got fight got
Pride got reason if they want to go we
then you know I'm going to feed them if
you coming for me hope you're ready for
a demon I got eyes in the back in my
head I'm seeing take me for granted and
you know I'm leaving I'mma take what's
mine with the webs I'm weaving I could
take this cowd from seeing to believing
got a taste for blood in my tongue keeps
bleeding from the words I spit so sharp
so freezing so cold behold spite they
feeling I can tear you apart or Ro could
go heal him don't believe in fake don't
believe in sealings I just need a taste
and my mind starts peing I don't Pace
myself I grind oning got Lust For Change
I just love the
feeling I ain't going to give up got too
little time I'm a live up head down push
forward through the tough times cuz
anything we doing is a tough
climb and ain't going to give up got to
little time I'mma live up head down push
forward through the tough times CU
anything we're doing is a talk cuz I'm a
live life for the fight yeah I'm here to
get it I got got sight always have a
vision I go by at night I be in my
feelings I'mma be fine any time and I'll
soon be winning I live life for the
fight yeah I'm here to get it I got
Drive got sight always have a vision I
don't bu a night I'll be in my feelings
I'm a be F time and I'll soon be with it
I can feel the blood creeping up from
the heathens got will got fight got
Pride got reason if they want to go we
then you know I'm going to feed them if
you coming for me hope you're ready for
a demon I can feel the blood creeping
enough from the heathens got will got
fight got got Reon they want to go you
know I'm going to
[Music]
feed you can see the riding on the
pavement young kids that growing up in b
online a whole new generation I'mma make
mine so you better go take it always way
they need a new replacement decentralize
can't contain it we're changing lives
yeah gring call it to a sight of the
older
generation you up night yeah make all
the demons Qui yeah we were built a
drive yeah I think that we've all had
enough keep you up and die yeah make all
the demons quiet yeah we were built to
thrive yeah
I think that we' all let it know yeah I
think that we've all at it know s the de
with the old they know that we're
calling the
blood you got me like oh yeah I think
that we've all had enough sh with the
old plan they know that we're calling
their
blood hey it's too late to try to go
contain it a generation fued by creation
we live lives on a small screen Nation
we control the airwaves don't
negotiation I refuse to think we need
saving something good will come from
creation and when we think that the
world is too anous we'll adapt to
allv keep you up and ey yeah make all
the demons Qui yeah we were built to
thrive yeah I think that we've all had
enough keep you up and ey yeah make all
the demons Qui yeah we were built to
thrive yeah I think that we've all let
it know yeah I think that we' all let it
know
SI of dealing with the old friend they
know that we're calling
ni you got me like oh yeah I think now
we've all had enough sick dealing with
the old plan they know that we're
calling their
blood
hey I think that we let it
gock with the old know that we're
calling I think we got know she with the
know what we calling
[Music]
it let's go yo I'm like an addict oh I
got to have it I ain't even playing got
a really bad habit If It Moves got to
grab it fuse like a magnet lose won't
have it till I'm doomed in a casket I
ain't playing got a weird mind if you
work eight hours I'm a work nine if the
Sho tastes sour you should taste mine
I'm stay in power for a long time get up
now I ain't a quitter toss me the ball
I'm a really big hitter big picture I'm
a straight killer ring the song to the
highest hter Got Juice got gas I'mma
move fast new shoes new tracks like
who's that I'm new come back better than
last year it's a new me never going to
look back I'm never going to look back
cuz damn I was bu to last you move slow
when I move fast and that's back only I
can make a change slowly take a step
today I will never be the same cuz
that's what it
[Music]
takes I take shots to the top I'll get
it I got one life I'mma do all the win
it I do what's right pushing till I fall
I'm slipping to get back up always stand
tall I'm grining I got Cuts real deep in
Bru the squad I had to learn how to
think with my head not heart I'm been
chewed up spit out torn apart from
picking up all the pieces is a form of
art I'm never going to look back cuz
damn I was built to last you move slow
when I move fast and that's fact only I
can make a change slowly take a step
today I will never be the same cuz
that's what it
[Music]
takes
[Music]
[Music]
I feel nauseous believe me
never had a lot of [ __ ] come easy had to
work hard struggle just to be me had to
rise up just so they could see me did
what I had to do just to feed me and
what was left over I put towards my
dreaming but the only thing in life that
has meaning are the things you got to
work for believe me take to your hands a
plan your own hands can land your own
brand and D I feel like no one takes
accountability they want the credibility
convincingly willing to put in the hours
it takes to get some power don't be sour
take a cold shower scream until you're
louder work until you're prouder and all
the doubters they're just your
downers I swear to God they don't let me
down I always spot just to wear the
crown I'm off at these fing clowns who
were Rob T they deserve it nouns it's
only worth it if you work for it it's
only worth it if you work for it
I won't stop till they hear me now I
won't stop till I wear the
[Music]
[Music]
crown y let's go I'm just telling you to
fight for your dreams but it's not what
it seems man it's hard to be seen when
everybody wants to be king yeah they all
want to ring yeah we all want to be free
so show me what you got what you bring
how you fight in the ring how you take a
fing swing but you got heart are you
mean got some scars got some needs are
you willing to go
bed I swear to God they all let me down
I always bought just to wear the crown
I'm at these fing clowns who Rob to they
deserve it Nows it's only worth it if
you work for it it's only worth it if
you work for it I won't stop till they
hear me now I won't stop till I wear the
crown I swear to God they don't let me
down I always F just to win the
CR fing
CR time in the house it's only worth it
if you work for it it's only worth it if
you work for it
I won't stop till they hear me down I
won't stop till I wear the
[Music]
crown
[Music]
I'm changing who I am I'm making a new
plan
rearranging my life and I won't look
back ever again yeah you ain't see me
activated you better rope that you never
see me agitated I think about my actions
playing I'm out of evaluated that's how
I end up on the top man I'm calculated
my mind's a weapon my body is the engine
I'm never second guessing I just do what
I was Destin cuz I feel I got the
blessing persistence and Obsession
that's how you keep progressing I
already learned that lesson yeah I'm
changing who I am I'm making a new plan
rearranging my life and I won't look
back ever
again can't stop what's
moving you can't stop what's moving I'm
changing my life and I won't look back
ever again no fear see clear you deserve
to be great I know it feels like things
get in your way push through those walls
and the others will fall Sit Up Stand
Tall you can get through it all I need
some energy anxiety is no friend to me I
have a short memory I don't really
remember things that's how I move on
that's how I stay strong a new day on
I'll keep moving right
along and I feel like the pain in the
past it needs to stay in the past you
got to take off the cast I want to feel
like I'm a new person I want to have
Clear Vision and
purpose and talk feel like the patient
last if you can move on and pass the
things that make you feel bad and you
could change in your brain I'm certain
I've done it before and man I'm not
perfect I'm changing who I am I'm making
a new plan
rearranging my life and I won't look
back ever again you can't stop what's
moving you can't stop what's moving I'm
changing my life and I won't look back
ever again