why play carus jungle well he puts out
tons of damage his ultimate makes him a
constant Global threat he clears camps
quickly and easily and he scales into a
late game God however he is incredibly
squishy and often makes use of his
passive and he can be incredibly Mana
hungry especially in the early game
cars' passive is upon dying he enters a
zombie state for 7 Seconds during this
time he is rooted in place and its
abilities cost zero mana and as long as
he has e-learn it will automatically
trigger on so keep spamming out your
abilities however if you want to use
ultimate make sure to use it in the
first 4 seconds car is Q creates a
circle on the floor which will detonate
after a short delay dealing damage to
All Enemies within if this ability Only
Hits one target the damage is doubled
car's W places down a wall which will
grant sight of the area enemies that
touch this lose a good amount of magic
resist and are slowed carus is e has a
passive where he restores Mana whenever
he kills an enemy the active is an
ability you can toggle on and off and it
will deal damage in a circle around Tim
to All Enemies within cars' ultimate is
probably the best Ultimate in the game
upon use he will start channeling for 3
seconds and after the end of these 3
seconds he'll deal damage to all enemy
Champions and yes this means all
Champions regardless of where they are
on the map this ability has great base
damage and pretty good AP scaling so
late game just pressing this one button
will half Health all their squishies if
not more for combos turn on your e and
then use W before spamming away with q's
remember to click Auto attack as well
though as it's easy to forget from here
if they get away or you get a safe
distance away and you can kill them use
your ultimate for matchups carus scales
brilliantly into squishy junglers who
basically passively get one shot by his
ultimate late game and he can struggle
against Champions who negate his
ultimate in some way or can simply team
fight better than him for runes take
this Harvest is great additional damage
for build orderers start red monster and
pot into LeAndre in Tier Two Boots after
this a shadow flame into a hat of great
pickups before finishing a build with
any of these as needed for skill order
start Q then e then take another Point
into Q before taking W and then Max Q
then e then W taking Al whenever you can
for summon of spells take Smite and
exhaust flash will very rarely save you
and slowing a champion and giving
yourself more time to land more Q's
while they sit in your e is far more
valuable starting the game as carus
you're not known for your amazing ganks
so you almost always want to do a full
jungle clear carus is prone to getting
invaded so it's not a bad idea toward W
your other side and then if your
opponent does invade on the other side
simply vertical jungle where you go to
their other side instead after
completing your first jungle clear if
you can contest Scuttle crab go for it
especially with a Smite available your
Q's deal tons of damage and you can do
this incredibly fast from here if
there's an incredibly free gank you can
go for it when ganking always consider
the three main points of what escapes
does your opponent have what cc does
your team bring and where is the lane
pushed to in ganks your W is a great
tool to slow them but the main thing
you're going to be bringing is tons and
tons of damage by spamming out your Q
with your e but if no gangs available
keep hard farming as much as you can
with your main focus on being funneling
as much gold and experience into
yourself as possible entering the mid
game with your Q spam you actually take
objectives incredibly fast and you're
actually pretty good at getting picks
with your ultimate so get your team to
fight surprise them with the ultimate
and convert into objectives entering
late game team fights you want play the
backline Mage throw out your W over as
many opponents as possible while having
your e turned on from here spam out
those cues with the Andreas you will cut
through front lines and if you hit back
liners with it they will pop if you die
spam out a few abilities then use alt
otherwise once you're a safe distance
away use Alt