this is how to master Omen in 60 seconds
number one manen's ultimate can dodge
the killoy ultimate if you cancel it and
time it correctly number two oman's
teleport can be used to pick up the
spike from anywhere on the map if the
enemy team has control of it number
three manen's teleport can dodge
breaches ultimate if you teleport past
it number four manen's teleport can
dodge fade ultimate if you teleport past
it number five Omen can still Place one
ways as long as there's a green arrow
where you want to place the smoke which
can get you free frag number six Omen
can fake teleport through the teleporter
on bind by starting a Teleport and
jumping in the teleporter while in
animation to make them think you are
rotating number seven you can use Omen
smokes to smoke off an enemy kill dry
turret to get a sneaky flank and this
will also work with a killroy alarm bot
and a chamber trip wire number eight the
fake teleport if you want to outplay an
enemy just teleport out of a smoke while
starting a Teleport animation on your
feet so they think you teleport behind
them to get free Frags