why play Jin bot Lane well he has very
good range he brings a good amount of
crowd control he has very high burst
damage and he's very unique and fun to
play however he does struggle getting
through tanks compared to other carries
and his reloading mechanism can leave
him vulnerable jyn's passive is his gun
has four bullets and each attack
consumes one and after using the fourth
bullet he reloads where he's unable to
attack jyn's fourth shot can't be
interrupted and always critical strikes
for massive damage in addition all crits
Grant jyn a burst of movement speed
however jyn can't gain any more attack
speed and any attack speed bought is
converted to ad jyn's Q is a point and
click ability which will deal damage to
the first enemy hit and then bounce up
to three times the damage is greatly
increased if the enemy the grenade last
bounced on dies jyn's W has a passive
where enemies that have recently
triggered his e or recently damaged by
an Ali Champion are marked for 4 seconds
the active is a very longrange skill
shot which deals damage to All Enemies
hit and stops in the first enemy
Champion if the enemy hit was already
marked they are rooted and Jin gains a
burst of movement speed Jin's e places a
trap on the floor which goes invisible
after 1 second if an enemy walks in this
they are slowed and then then after 2
seconds the Trap explodes dealing damage
this works on an ammo system where Jin
can store two up to one time and also
after Jinn kills an enemy he summons a
trap at their corpse jyn's ultimate
causes him to channel a sniper form
where he Roots himself in place and
creates a large cone area in front of
him he can press R again to shoot a
bullet anywhere in this cone dealing
damage to the first enemy hit and
slowing and revealing them the fourth
shot also always critically strikes for
a large amount of bonus damage for
combos the go-to on Jin is to start with
auto attack into e w and Q before using
your next three Auto attacks and this is
even even better if you start with just
two bullets to go for an attack into ewq
and your crit bullet and of course
follow up with ultimate after if
suitable for matchups Jinn is great into
scaling laners where he can fresh them
early and on-shot them late game however
he can struggle into Champions who can
bully him early or get on top of him for
runes take this Fleet helps out your
burst and helps everything you do for
build order start blade and pot into a
ghost blade and tier 2 boots after this
a collector and RFC are great pickups
before finishing your build with any of
these as needed for skill order start Q
then W then E before maxing Q then W
then e taking ult whenever you can for
Summoner spells take Flash and ghost
starting the game your main focus is
always going to be on farming hard and
taking good trades when looking for
trades you want to fight when you have
two bullets left where if you land an
auto attack into your e w and Q into
your fourth Auto you will deal an
amazing amount of damage in addition
they'll also be slowed rooted to the
spot and you'll have a speed up this
means you can choose whether to keep
chasing them down for more damage or
simply walk away for free but it's good
to remember when you're reloading you're
not able to fight so make sure you're
ready for this lull and damage when you
hit Level six you do get a massive power
Spike but you can only really use it
when you're far away from your opponent
so either use it to set up a fight or
use it to finish off a Target entering
the mid game you want to take your Bot
Tower as soon as possible and rotate mid
this will put two strong champions in
the center of the map easily able to
Siege and roam for objectives and
skirmishes and during late game team
fights you want to play as the backline
hyper carry you can start the fight by
using your ultimate letting your team
engage to follow up your massive damage
and slows otherwise use it for more
damage or to chase down kills when
playing in the fight attack anything in
front of you dealing tons of damage
relying on your W and your movement
speed to keep yourself safe for