why play thresh support well he brings
brilliant engage he's great at appealing
for your team he's strong throughout the
entire game and he's a great Jack ofal
trades doing it all however he is skill
shot Reliant so missing a hook can hurt
and he can struggle against long-range
supports who can play out of his range
thresh is passive is that enemy
Champions large minions and monsters
that die near thresh all drop a soul and
smaller minions also have a chance of
dropping a soul for each Soul thresh
walks over or throws his Lantern on top
of he gains one ability power and one
bonus armor thresh's Q is a straight
line skill shot which will attach to the
first enemy hit dealing damage and
stunning them thresh will then pull the
target towards them twice during this
time thresh is unable to attack and is
slightly slow thres can also reactivate
this ability at any point to dash to
that Target and he can use both W and E
while dashing thresh's W throws out a
lantern on the floor the first Ali
Champion to go near this gains a shield
and Alli Champions can click on this
Lantern to dash to thresh thresh's e has
a passive where he winds up a more
powerful attack with a fully wound up
attack dealing massive additional damage
and it attacks dealing additional damage
in general the active is a rectangular
skill shot shot in front and behind of
thresh which can be used in any
direction enemies hit by this are swept
in that direction taking damage and
being slowed thresh's ultimate puts down
a pentagonal box any enemy that walks
through a wall of this box adultt damage
and slowed but walking through one of
these walls will destroy it your go-to
combo is to e enemy towards you or to
attack and then Q use Lantern to
reposition your ally or to Shield
yourself and then spam away with attacks
and your Allin combo when Landing Hook
is to use Q into your ultimate and then
just before the stun ends flade them
into the box and auto attack for
matchups thresh is great and to engage
support where he can easily interrupt
their Dash with his e and he can
struggle into bulli Champions who can
simply sit out of his range for runes
take this After Shock mixure engages
even stronger for build order start
world atas and pots into a locket and
Tier Two Boots upgrade your support item
into the sleigh before grabbing a zekes
and a knight's vow after this you can
finish your build with any of these as
needed for skill order the go-to is to
start Q then e then W before maxing Q
then e then W taking ult whenever you
can however I would highly recommend
starting e first the extra damage from
the e passive is incredible and the
flight as much EAS EAS to land at level
one and then for summon the Spells take
Flash and ignite starting the game you
want to play aggressively at level one
your flag gives you great multi-target
damage and a single Auto attack which
does the damage of two Auto attacks so
if your opponent doesn't respect this
you can hit them hard and otherwise just
keep pushing hard for the level two and
at level two you have immediate amazing
kill threat as Landing a fle into an
auto attacking Q will have dealt a ton
of damage and have also locks them down
for a long time after this initial early
threat you can play in one of two ways
firstly you can go aggressive where you
get all the brush control and then you
look to constantly threaten your
opponent with flaz and hooks otherwise
you can play slightly further back ready
to land on your ally out if needed and
during the laning phase I would highly
recommend getting Mobility boots quickly
this will allow you in any downtime to
gank mid which you're incredibly good at
entering the mid game you want to take
your Tower as soon as possible and head
mid with your carry to start sieging
with Mobility boots you can help Siege
and also rotate to save people and look
for picks entering late game team fights
you want to players to engage or to peel
when engaging Landing hook and going in
into your ultimate is great disruption
otherwise sit back with your carries and
use your hook play and ultimate to keep
enemies off them m