[Music]
I don't what I I what I need every
single damn heading off to my dream and
I get everything that I damn well please
I don't give a damn if you all listening
to me cuz i r it I'm the only one that
really want it I'm the only one that's
really on it I'm just being honest I'm
just doing everything I promise I want
it better I'm going make it as an artist
and I know I'm not the smartest and I
know I'm not the largest but I promise
you that I'm going to be the one that
work the hardest cuz I promise you that
I'm get started and I promise you my SKS
getar so I'm going get can't be guarded
nah I'm want to get [ __ ] get the
party started yeah get the party started
yeah let me get up on it B you got me
[ __ ] up I don't know what's up pour
that [ __ ] in my C to turn up crank this
[ __ ] up so loud sounds like we're sold
out in front of a whole crowd we just
now take this [ __ ] too personally
everybody got a different version of me
everybody got to be learn it from me
everybody want to be working with me and
I feel like there's uncertainty and
urgency to find what you want to be but
honestly your mindly so stop who you
want
[Music]
to
Cous I hope that you're watching don't
try to stop this work until I'm naous
cuz I will quit because I this
don't I hope you're watching don't try
to stop this I'm naous CU I will not
quit
because I want this don't try to stop me
[Music]
now sh yeah it's too late for you not
for me I don't give a [ __ ] if you got a
C did you learn anything really worth
anything 200 Grand later and we're not
even working soon Loth more than what
we're earning best lesson I learn is to
keep on searching find your true passion
better
take that's a fact so you better clean
up your W so you better yourself a the
world suck on that don't come back back
your back take a trip and don't relax
you hit the switch and just attack you
find your and make some rack don't go
everybody wake up
it's time to break up with the life you
made up it's time to trade up the life
you want
now I
F everyone got opinion so which one you
prefer cuz I'll give you one that's
coming from an entrepreneur don't keep
up on your dream
[Music]
youve
[Music]
an option so I be cautious I hope that
you're watching don't try to stop
I'm be I
[Music]
hopeing
[Music]
Antion
so I hope that you're watching don't try
to stop this until I'm naous I will not
quit no because I this don't try to stop
me
[Music]
now
bit