why play Jay smid well he brings amazing
poke his mid game is incredible brings
great burst and sustained damage and he
can snowball his Lane incredibly hard
however he can be very Mana hungry
especially in the early game and he can
be vulnerable to ganks only having a
small speed up away Jace's passive is
instead of having an ultimate his art
ability changes him between his Meely
and ranged form and whenever Jace
changes between these forms he gains a
chunk of movement speed and ghosting
Jace has three different abilities
depending on if he's in ranged form or
meeley form starting with ranged form
J's Q is a StraightLine skill shot which
stops the first enemy Hit Upon hitting
an enemy or reaching the end of its path
it deals damage in a small circle J's W
is an auto attack reset which maxes out
his attack speed for the next three
attacks this allows him to spam out
multiple attacks in a row and he will
keep this attack speed buff if he
changes into melee form J's e deploys a
gate which increases the movement speed
of all allies who pass through it if
Jace then shoots his Q through this it
gains increased missile speed range and
damage in Meely form Jace's Q is a point
and click ability which leads into the
Target location dealing damage to all
enemies nearby and slowing them Jay's W
has a passive where his basic attacks
restore mana on hit and the active
creates a circle around himself which
deals damage to all enemies nearby J's
is a point and click ability which deals
damage to the Target hit and knocks them
back a small distance J's ultimate
changes him between his two forms when
changing forms it makes your next basic
attack reduce the target's armor and
Magic resist and when changing into
hammer it also makes your next attack
deal bonus damage your quick trade combo
is to start in ranged form and use Q
into e after this change into Mei form
to use Q into an auto attack and then
knock them away with e making it
incredibly hard to trade back and your
all-in combo is to start in range form
and use your Q into an e following up
with an auto attack into W shoot three
times then change to mely form and jump
in with Q using W into an auto attack
knock them away with E and then keep
spamming away with more attacks for
matchups Jace is great into shorter
range Mages who he can easily poke and
trade with all game and he can struggle
against High burst damage Champions who
can blow him up for runes take this
phase Rush not only keeps you safer but
also allows you to stick to your
opponents for build order start blade
and pot getting an early tier before
building an eclipse into tier 2 boots
after this complete your man immune and
grab a feld's grudge before finishing
your build with any of these as needed
for skill or order start Q than e than W
before maxing Q then e than W and as
Jace doesn't have an ultimate he can
level each of these abilities six times
for Summoner spells take Flash and
teleport starting the game your main
focus is always going to be on farming
hard and one of the easiest ways to get
free Farm is by poking your opponent out
and taking good trades you are a range
Champion so whenever your opponent goes
up to farm feel free just to shoot them
and if they're ever not standing behind
their minions a q or an e empowered Q
into them is a massive chunk of damage
and of course always look for good
Windows to trade with your opponent this
can be if they're lower Health than you
or if they've using a ability to farm
but getting your quick trade combo where
you knock them away after is a great
amount of damage and really hard to
trade back against entering the mid game
your Bot Lane will come mid which puts
you in a s side lane from here you can
split push for pressure knowing if they
send one person you can back up and poke
them out and if they send multiple you
can simply get out of there otherwise
push out as far as you can safely before
grouping up with your team entering late
game team fights before the fight even
starts you want to be poking them down
as much as possible from here spam out
as much damage as you can against their
front line all the while looking for
your opportunity to jump onto one of
their backline Champions and simply blow
them up removing them from the map but