[Music]
your will Li deep way under the surface
and like a fire needs call the furn this
is your go that makes it all worth it
this is
your go dos can keep you down pushing
deep until your drown or they can keep
you up strong focused out glass half
full or has it been EMP out well that's
all up to you and your mind do you doubt
anything everything not a thing make my
thoughts work for me manifest what I
need what I want what I see I could be
anything I get trct all the things that
I see I believe all thech as I breathe
in and out again and again I don't doubt
I sit in I plan and I found out that I
can execute if I'm dreading if I listen
if I learn all the way and read some
books something written watch the best
teach a system I am never hidden I ain't
scared ain't no chicken I take D I'll be
winning you get back what your giving
find the reason that you're liveing what
you're good at all your gifts and what
you love take a risk and find out what
you been missing realiz way under the
surface and like a fire needs call in
the furnace this is your go that makes
it all worth it this is your right that
gives you your
purpose deep play Under the surface like
got fire call on the this is your I it
all this is your I
[Music]
you
[Music]
purpose is better than any drug you
could ever think if you know why you're
doing something that's all you need I
wake up ready for the day because I
believe in everything that I'm doing
like it was meant to be I get fixated
and captivated un learning things don't
hesitate to ask questions the answer
that I need it's out there somewhere
swear I can find the recipe by testing
learning and turning into a better me
way under the surface and like call in
the furnace this is so that makes it all
worth it this is your that gives you
your deep under the surface like f in
the furnace this is your that makes you
work this is your that gives you your
purpose
[Music]
[Music]
are you
so
y