here's how to get blue Essence fast one
of the most basic ways is honestly just
disenchanting a champion and you already
get like
2,400 just for redeeming One champion
now how you get these Champion shards is
through chests I don't have any right
now but I have a bunch of keys you get
the chest by earning an S minus or
higher in any matchmade game or if you
queue with a friend get that gets an S
minus you get one you could also buy
hextech chest in the shop as well as
keys for RP but this most ways you can
get it without spending money during any
of the events that happen if you scroll
all the way to the bottom you'll be able
to find a random Champion Shard which
will give you blue Essence my least
favorite way because I am obsessed with
all these skins but if you really do not
want to use your purple Mythic essence
you could get blue Essence 150 for just
one orally the prime gaming is going
away pretty soon rewards you with a
bunch of different Champion shards that
you can disenchant