[Music]
what you going tell
[Music]
me I can't go away all these thoughts in
my heart won't let me sleep think about
you the time keep up Inay the I know
it's up without
you and I just think about all the times
that I showed up you always let me pull
you in I think it's cuz we tried to make
it work friends that never works in
something getting hurt again so I keep
coming back I know it breaks your heart
and I don't want that but when I close
my eyes know I don't see black all I see
is your face and I
want you going me going come back
Al give
me go ask okay are you okay are you okay
I'm so [ __ ] you okay are you okay are
you
[Music]
Okay you Okay stop asking if I'm okay
I'm not
all I Ain playing sh
around
sick around so I sit in my room
Patiently I don't need this drama just
hand me the VOD I'll do what I want to
I'll do what I got to cuz I just can't
handle the stop me why you going tell me
your if you going to come back when you
alone up how you give me these cars then
they going to go ask if I'm okay are you
okay are you okay are you [ __ ] being
okay are you okay are you okay are
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
oh up here up
here
[Music]
got girl you got me the way your body
looks got me ridings got me feeling like
a rook I don't do it by the book but for
you I'll take a look don't know what
your mama took sweet and spicy like a
cook yeah I'll keep it real Let's Make a
Deal buy you a meal if you just let me
feel get out your heels grab on the de
back to my place at the top of the hill
don't have a bre I know what's next she
need a fresh I'll be back in the Str
look at the next don't make me bad back
to the room let me show you my nobody
feels like taking on a drug you got me
feeling good yeah you got me feeling
numb everything you do I can't seem to
get enough you got me feeling good yeah
you got me feeling numb touching on your
body feels like taking on the Dr you got
me feeling good yeah you got me feeling
num everything you do I can't seem to
get enough you got me feeling good yeah
you got me feeling enough I could look
at you all day watch the way them hips s
love your body so I pray don't you dare
take it away can't control what I say
lost my mind cuz you're frame hey girl
what's your name me up just like a flame
body emotion I feel the commotion Beyond
you like Lo I'm honest and broken I flow
like the oce I feel you were chosen to
fix me I'm broken my heart that you Sten
hey stay with me play with me lay with
me hate to see when you leave chemistry
feels like it's Desy I just want you
laying next to me and I really don't
want you to on your body I Tak on the TR
you got me feeling good yeah you got me
feeling numb