smolder is without a doubt one of the
best Champions we'll ever see for
climbing solo que we expect that no
matter how many Nerfs he may receive
that he will always be an extremely
strong Champion especially in the lower
ELO brackets in this guide you will find
everything you need to get started
ranging from his play style a quick
ability breakdown combos tips and tricks
how to fight builds and much more also
we're excited to announce we've done a
massive update adding all brand new
courses for season 14 on our website
skillcap tocom and if that's not enough
we upload 10 new Smurf commentaries
every week where a challenger teaches
you how to play every champion in the
exact rank you're stuck in the best part
you can try all this out completely
risk-free if you don't rank up while
actively using skill cap you get your
money back no questions asked so what
are you waiting for click the link in
the description below to get the rank
you've always wanted in season 14 so
what type of champion is smolder well as
an ADC he plays similarly to Ezreal
where you're more of a Caster rather
than a pure Auto attacker the nice thing
is that unlike Ezreal you don't need
Korean Challenger mechanics to pull him
off as smolder is extremely easy for how
effective he is at carrying games now
the reason why we mentioned that
smoulder is likely to be a Powerhouse in
low ELO is because of his infinite
scaling similar to Champions like vagar
or aelan Soul scaling Champions are
without a doubt some of the best in
lower brackets and smolder is looking to
be an absurd late game carrying
typically these scaling Champions aren't
for everyone if you think that you'll be
sitting in Lane AFK trying to farm
Stacks don't worry that's not the case
at all you are more than capable of
fighting early on sure you won't be
Draven levels of strong but you're not
going to AFK every Lane you can
definitely take chances and look for
good fights not only that but the
stacking process can actually be quite
enjoyable you will be deleting waves
quickly while powering up in a very
satisfying way so it won't feel like a
chore as it does on other stacking
Champions that being said stacking
efficiently every game is without a
doubt the most important skill to
mastering smolder so towards the end of
the guide we'll give you some quick and
easy tips to make stacking a breeze
every game for now though let's break
down his abilities smolder has a
stacking passive based on how many
stacks he has his three basic abilities
will simply deal more damage not only
only that but his queue will evolve
based on his Stacks but we'll get to
that the way you build this up is
exactly the same as the way vagar does
it if you hit an enemy Champion with
your abilities you will earn one stack
but your primary way of farming should
be by Las hitting minions with your Q
why we mentioned that this won't be as
annoying as on other Champions is that
your Q can generate more Stacks by
killing multiple targets with it and
that brings us to our q and its
Evolutions to start the game it is a
really basic ability it's point and
click damage at 25 Stacks it will evolve
to deal Splash damage around the target
this will speed up your stacking
significantly at 125 Stacks you get a
pretty big spike your Q will now send
some extra Fireballs behind your target
to deal roughly the same damage then at
225 Stacks your Q's final evolution
occurs now hitting a target with it will
apply a Max HP burn that deals decent
damage not only that but if your target
drops below this threshold they
instantly die it's a mini Elder Dragon
and it's very very strong this is an
extremely powerful Spike so you want to
get to this point quickly moving on to
your W this spell is much simpler it's
just a rolling Fireball it moves fast at
first but then it slows down it also
does a bit of extra Splash damage around
any targeted hits so hitting people that
are clumped up will deal very nice
damage your e is a very strong
repositioning ability you get a burst of
movement speed and you're also able to
fly over terrain while doing so you will
rain fire down on the lowest Health
target for his ultimate smolder will
Roar calling his mom and puts an
indicator on the ground showing the
direction then she comes down in a
straight line to deal damage enemies in
the center will take extra damage and be
slowed his mom will also heal smolder a
bit if he's standing in the area it's
fair to say this is a pretty high value
spell with a ton of damage and utility
as you can probably tell his kit is
fairly simple so smolder doesn't have
any complicated combos to learn playing
him well is more about understanding how
to properly use your abilities but let's
cover the couple of simple combos he
does have first you can input buffer
both your q and W to make them come out
a bit smoother so Q flash is a thing as
well as W flash unfortunately you locked
into roaring for your RS animation so
you can't flash to high the direction
like you can on some other Champions we
figured we' mention this so you don't
waste your flashes trying to be fancy
the only ability that you really need to
think about using is your e for starters
the movement speed you get is based on
your current speed this means that you
ideally want to cast your e while you're
sped up by something else this can be
ghost or maybe the buff from an
enchanter support like Lulu's w nami's e
and so on the second big thing about it
is that you can't do anything else while
you're flying if you do you'll drop down
so a very important thing you need to
keep in mind is to press your q and W
before you fly into the air take a look
at this smolder duel for example the
enemy one only uses his W before flying
our smolder on the other hand uses both
of his spells while in the air Q comes
back off coold down giving us two
rotations of our Q compared to the enemy
smolder who only used one all right with
his super basic combos out of the way
let's talk about some gameplay tips to
get the most out of his kit smolder has
two problems you're going to have to
learn to deal with one is his very short
range to cast Q or Auto attack which are
your primary damage spells you have to
be really close to your target we
shouldn't have to tell you why being
this close to an enemy is usually not
good for you on top of that our his
weird Auto lockouts on a lot of other
adcs a general gameplay pattern is to
weave spells between Auto attacks so for
example on civer you would Auto QE Auto
very smoothly smolder on the other hand
can't Auto smoothly after casting his Q
or W take a look if you cast Q notice
how long it takes for his Auto to go off
after same thing with this W it just
takes forever for smolder to Auto after
casting however you can move immediately
after these spells so what you'd ideally
do is auto Q kite then Auto W kite or
something along those lines basically if
you play a lot of other adcs you'll want
to break the habit of Auto attacking
after casting a spell through ART
testing we found that smolder is far
less Auto Reliant than most other adcs
combined with your short range these
Auto lockouts do not give you a lot of
time to sit there Auto attacking targets
your gameplay pattern is going to be
about casting spells and immediately
kiting to reposition a lot of the time
this doesn't mean you won't ever Auto
attack of course Autos are a big part of
any adc's damage but you won't be able
to weave in as many as other ADC
Champions as you can see though this
isn't that much of a problem because you
already deal so much damage now let's
talk about some ways to deal with your
short range having the range advantage
in League can be pretty oppressive you
get to dictate when fights happen poke
someone from far away and so on so as
smolder you may struggle unless you
incorporate these tactics remember that
at 25 stacks of your passive your Q will
begin dealing Splash damage you achieve
this Spike very quickly into the laning
phase and will be one of your primary
ways of trading so ordinarily your Q's
range is fairly mediocre but take a look
at its max range when you factor in the
splash damage it becomes a very
respectable ability when you play around
the Splash and allows you to control a
lot of space in the lane by utilizing
minion waves you need to really play
around this you want to Stack your
Passive by spamming Q on the wave while
also using that Splash damage to
threaten your opponents smolder is quite
good at spam shoving waves and applying
pressure this way so make sure you play
around the splash as much as possible at
125 Stacks your range in harass
potential becomes even better and
follows the same guidelines always try
to keep a minion between you and your
opponent to maximize your range your R
is also a big tool you want to play
around the problem is that although it's
an extremely strong spell it can be
quite easy to miss so before casting it
make make sure that your opponents are
out of movement abilities in Cc or are
stuck next to a wall or something where
they can't avoid the damage you can also
look to cast it from fog of War although
you might still alert them through a
roar if they can't see the initial
Direction on the ground it'll be much
harder to know where it's coming from or
where you're aiming it the nice thing
about smolder is that these principles
continue to apply throughout the game
smolder is honestly a pretty easy
Champion to play as long as you follow
these fundamental concepts in fights
hiding your ults direction is a great
way to catch an enemy team off guard you
also want to continue to take fights
around minion waves or jungle camps
players will definitely underestimate
what you can do around waves as the game
goes on take this fed Talon for example
look at how smolder fishes for Q's again
and again through the wave so that he
can poke Talon but never be in range to
be attacked eventually he deals enough
damage to where he can fly in and burn
him down with one final Q which brings
us to one of our most important tips
about smolder the draft phase we have
really emphasized playing around minion
wave so far and for good reason like we
said smolder Auto and Q range are so
small that you will either be out ranged
or engaged on if you try to fight
normally what this means is that you'd
ideally want to avoid drafting smolder
into purely ranged comps if the enemy
team has four to five ranged Champions
you will definitely struggle to play the
game smolder will be at his best when
there are two to three melee Champions
on the enemy team that you can bounce
qes off of to hit the enemy back line as
you can see in this example as Diana
chases smolder can threaten arri with
his Q's spread damage you make it
extremely difficult for range Champions
to follow up on their melee front liners
by constantly barraging them with q's
and W so just keep this in mind as one
of the main factors for when you will
succeed or have a hard game as smolder
if you're versus multiple melee
Champions you will have much more
opportunities and angles to bounce qes
off of to spread fire everywhere this
won't mean that you'll be worthless into
comps with range but it will give you
less opportunities to deal damage and
you'll have to play around your
cooldowns a bit smarter as for your
build you'll likely be building very
similarly to ezal as an ADC Caster
you'll do this Rune page and for your
items go Essence Reaver cool down boots
into navori there's also the option of
going the Trinity force and Mir Mana
route from our testing the crit
variation felt a bit better to play but
that might change with item balancing
one thing we want to mention is that
smolder seems very similar to adcs like
kgma Vain and Varys adcs with percentage
based damage can typically build one to
two damage items and then go into tank
your options rather than continuing to
build damage so if you see an enemy team
composition that is countered by armor
or magic resist then you can very easily
adapt your build to go for much tankier
options with good passive stack farming
your base damage is more than good
enough and you should feel very
comfortable giving up some damage for
survivability and that brings us to our
final section where we'll give you some
tips for stacking your passive an
extremely important concept to keep in
mind on smolder is that getting ahead
will usually mean you stay ahead the
more passive Stacks you have early the
more Q evolutions and damage you get
this lets you play more aggressively
Farm more waves look for more trades and
so on basically if you do well early
you'll be able to keep that momentum
easily and keep stacking super fast and
snowball out of control on the flip side
if you struggle early on and don't get
many passive Stacks then you'll slowly
fall behind you can't Farm as many waves
take as many fights Etc and as a result
you will stack your passive super slowly
and not be nearly as effective as you
should be what this means is that super
small optimizations can add up a lot
since getting to a q Evolution even just
one minute faster might be the
difference between a one or lost game
first things first we recommend you run
biscuits in your Rune page while you
will eventually fix your Mana issues you
won't be able to spam spells early on
having biscuits to replenish your Mana
when you run out will usually let you
spam your queue the entire laning phase
without much worry having a solid start
to your passive stacking is much more
easily achieved with biscuits the second
thing to keep in mind is that after 25
Stacks you can obviously start farming
multiple minions per with the splash
damage smolder will be building a Sheen
item however the sheen only amplifies
the main target hit not the splash
damage what this means is that when
you're preparing minions to last hit you
always want to prioritize casting Q on
the highest health minion in the clump
so for example here smolder is preparing
this group of four minions the melee is
the one with the highest health left so
he uses sheen on it while the Lesser
Splash damage is enough to get the rest
next if you're one stack away from
evolving your que that cast will go off
as if you'd already evolved it so if
you're at 24 Stacks you should try try
to prepare the wave as if you've already
got the splash damage this can get you a
couple of extra Stacks at your Q's
Evolution break points finally if you
want to use your W to trade try to throw
it through the Caster creeps this
basically prepares them instantly to be
farmed by your que and is a nice way to
trade and farm at the same time and
remember if you truly want to improve
and rank up fast head on over to skill
cap.com we just finished a massive
update adding all brand new courses for
season 14 we even upload 10 new Smurf
commentaries each week where a
challenger teaches you how to play every
champion in the exact rank you're stuck
in and remember you can try all this out
risk-free if you don't rank up while
actively using skill cap you get your
money back no questions asked so what
are you waiting for click the link in
the description below to get the rank
you've always wanted this season all
right that should be absolutely
everything you need to get started
playing smolder immediately good luck
and thanks for
[Music]
watching