uh Warick had changes that were meant to
buff his jungle we got his jungle up
about 1 half% win rate to 50.5 which is
fine I think War probably could be 51 52
we could go even harder on making War a
good jungler um I do think that the
seasonal update will actually help
Warick jungle quite a bit I think a lot
of weak clear single Target jungles will
be looking a little bit nicer uh I'll
talk about that later on uh but at least
war is decent right now uh the pick rate
spiked a fair bit uh his top LAN win
rate went up very little because of
course the changes wouldn't do that much
to him his W and Q monster cap and
whatnot like just aren't going to have
that much for Top Lane but it did have a
measurable impact in his win rate up
there just it's pretty pretty slight
overall uh would be happy to keep
shifting W work toward jungle I think
it's actually wise to do so um
regardless he's in a reasonable spot now
so you know nothing urgent by any means