question I would ask is like are tanks
strong enough right now um because if
tanks aren't strong enough and not good
enough at tanking there is no Outlet to
five assassin teams right like the
counter to a five assassin team or a
five squishy team is the enemy team runs
a front line and laughs at them and so
it's kind of this idea that like hey in
a new season one of the outlets to
people just running tons of Assassins is
somebody locks in maai and just wins the
game if that's not true like it's very
possible that is supposed to be winning
like 53% of his games right now so
anyways I don't know if that's true
though I have a feeling tanks might be a
little weak this season and so it's
maybe something where it's like hey if
we want to reduce the amount of damage
in the game one of the ways to do it is
to make sure that characters who aren't
bursting you are a lot more viable so
this is like the sustained damage Mages
buff them up the tanks um buff them up
right and basically say hey if you're
like one of these damage focused
assassin it's like actually pretty
likely that you're going to run into a
character who's just like Noah bro I'm
too tanky