why play zigs mid well he has very long
range he deals tons of AOE damage he has
a surprisingly good escape and he's
amazing at zoning and securing
objectives however he can struggle
against strong engage locking him down
and all of his abilities are skill shots
so he can struggle against High Mobility
zig's passive is periodically his next
basic attack deals additional damage and
this damage is massively increased
against structures the cool down of this
passive goes down every time zigs casts
an ability zig's Q is a skill shot which
throws out a bomb which can bounce up to
two times the the bomb will explode
after bouncing twice or when hitting an
enemy or terrain when it explodes all
enemies nearby are dealt damage zig's W
throws a circle on the floor which will
remain there for 4 seconds after the 4
seconds or when zigs presses W again
this will detonate enemies hit to dealt
damage and knocked away from the center
of this ability and if zigs is within
the ability he will then Dash a large
distance away from the center of the
ability also this can be thrown at a
tower on low Health to destroy it zigs
is e throws out a Minefield onto the
floor enemies that are hit by any of
these minefields are dealt damage and
slowed they take full damage from the
first first mine and enemies going over
multiple mines take 40% damage from
subsequent mines zig's ultimate is a
massive longrange skill shot where he
throws out a massive bomb which creates
a circle on the floor when the bomb
arrives at the Circle it deals a massive
amount of damage to enemies hit it also
has a smaller Circle within the middle
which is the epicenter and enemies hit
by this take massively increased damage
for combos you want to get your passive
off as much as possible a great go-to is
to use Auto attack into QE and W Landing
an auto attack before detonating W again
to launch them through the mines and a
good Allin is use Auto attack into QE
and ultimate into another Auto attack
follow up with a WS needed and detonate
it before spamming away with more
attacks for matchups zigs is great into
short-range Mages who he can constantly
bully and he can struggle into assassins
who want to jump on him for runes take
this comet is just great extra damage
for build orders start ring imp part
into a luden's companion and tier 2
boots after this a shadow flam and hat a
great pickups before finishing a build
with any of these as needed for skill
order start Q then e then W before
maxing Q then e then W taking ult
whenever you can for summon of spells
your go-to will be Flash and teleport
however if you're against an assassin
barrier can be a great choice too
starting the game your main focus is
going to be on Farming and one of the
best ways to get easy Farm is by
constantly harassing and poking your
opponent out one of the worst things to
ever do against a zigs is walk into your
own minions as zigs can simply throw a
Queue at your minions detonating the
bomb immediately dealing damage to you
so if your opponent ever makes the
mistake of walking into their own
minions punish them when your opponent
learns that they can't stand within
their own minions you now be throwing
cues at them outside of their minions
which means to land these you'll need to
be able to predict their movement you
can also go for four combos with your
auto attack into your QE and W combo
into another Auto attack however after
you do this when your W is on cool down
make sure you play incredibly safe as
that is your Escape entering the mid
Tower you want to Siege and Destroy
Tower after Tower so take your mid Tower
as soon as possible then rotate to the
side lanes and between your passive and
W destroy all the outer Towers entering
lat game team fights you want to play as
the backline Mage when the fight starts
you want to use your passive as often as
possible but when in doubt or if enemies
are grouped together simply just throw
out your QE and ultimate for tons of AOE
damage using W to protect yourself so