hey guys soona here today I'll be
recording my first long form video that
I've released on my channel I'll be
showing you guys how I created this um
League of Legends thumbnail it's a l
yankos inspired thumbnail and um yeah
without further Ado let's get into it so
the first thing I did was I grabbed a
his all the assets I used I grabbed a
screenshot from the game play cuz um
this is one of those thumbnails where I
wanted to showcase the gameplay in the
corner so what I done was I went on the
video I was making a thumbnail for and I
just grabbed a screenshot from a random
part of the video that I found suitable
you guys
can use whichever one you find suable
for your thumbnail of course so what I
done first is I got the part of the
screenshot I wanted to put in the corner
if I'm not mistaken it's around this
much
just crop it here so what I do now is I
create a layer mask if you look here the
bottom on the the button on the bottom
corner I create a layer mask that way
when I'm trying to erase something I can
easily just bring it back if I don't
like it so to show you an example you go
on the brush Tool uh you have the colors
black and white if you brush out if you
want to say or rub out with the black uh
brush it of course Del it right and
let's say you've you've gone too far in
and you want to bring some of it back
you either swap to the white manually or
you can press X to swap you bring the
the white brush the white color and you
can bring back any part that you you
want to bring back so I think I'll let's
say just remove around this
much um what I done after this now is I
wanted to blur it out a bit and change
the color slightly so that it's not not
too uh visible you could say um so
firstly I went to a camera raw
filter and press space bar to move the
The View and firstly I increased the
texture a bit to make it a bit clear the
clarity as well make it slightly more
clear as well and then I went to the
light section and on the light section
what I did was I up the exposure by a a
small amount just to make it a bit more
bright bright thumbnails tend to stand
up Bell I increased the contrast
slightly and I increased the highlights
a bit and that was pretty much it for
this as well just the blacks a bit as
well now after this I went into the part
that made it a bit more of a blue color
I went into the color section and I
increased the temperature or you could
say decreased actually uh by 11 so I
moved it a bit closer to the blue
section and if you can see if I go back
press contrl Zed it was a bit more of a
greenish uh color now it's a bit more
blue and I added a slight purple tint to
it and slight slightly a bit of Vibrance
as well um just to make it a bit more
know vibrant you could say colorful and
this gave me it looks a bit out of place
for now but we'll fix it in a
second this is the before kind of pale
and not too color before this is the
after nicer in my opinion at least and
nicer it'll suit the thumbnail more so
after this what I done was I opened the
filter section and I went on to blur and
I got a gaan blur now why I do this
sometimes is just depending on the
thumbil you're making you don't want to
make it too clear so that it's not it
just looks better sometimes when you
blur it out a bit the purpose of this
being in the corner you can't even see
too much of what's going on anyways is
to add a bit of um is to fill in the
negative spaces of the thumbnail plus
showing a bit of what the game play is
about so I did a slight blur which I
think too would be fine um so now we've
got the game play part out the way so
what we'll be doing next is we'll be
grabbing the main subject of the
thumbnail um if you're using someone's
face which in this case I am you need to
grab the image uh which will be your
main subject and let me grab the yankos
one from here in this case we'll be
using yanos who's from Team Heretics
and let me remove the layer mask so that
you can see exactly how I cropped it
out so usually what you could do to get
the most accurate way
of selecting and cropping out a subject
is getting the penil and just go in bit
by bit
and this will this usually is the most
accurate way to crop out an image if you
want or a subject from a background
however with Photoshop now you can
actually just if you press W or click on
the magic one to over here I press W
usually you can click on select subject
and usually it does a good enough job
where it just selects the whole subject
subject as you can see it's already
selected the subject that I'm using and
it's done a pretty good job um of it so
what I'll do now is I will just click
here on the bottom right on the layer
mask what this does is just as before it
crops out um for us it removes the
background however if for example
example we want to clean up the edges we
can click on the brush after we click on
the layer mask first we click on the
brush make the brush a bit smaller and
let's say I want to clean up the edges
slightly I can go on the white color and
I can for
example bring back a bit of the the
background or a bit of the edges so I
can clean it up if I want to if for
example let's just bring it some extra
part out just just for the sake of
showing you if now let let's say there's
a bit sticking out you can um go on the
black just as I showed you earlier and
you can just brush a bit of it out this
why typically I like to work with layer
masks it gives you the freedom of making
mistakes um so now that we've masked out
our subject and it's done a good enough
job especially for a thumbnail it
doesn't have to be exactly precise and
clear because thumbnails typically are
small so it's not going to it doesn't
need to be too detailed or perfect if
you'd like to say so so now that we have
let me bring it back exactly where it
was here now that we have our subject
here what I done after this now is I
wanted to make the theme of this
thumbnail um orange because I'm using
the skin godfist lein and it gives like
a fire orange theme to it so I wanted to
do like a orange kind of outline around
him orange effects orange colors that
was the main theme of the thumbnail so
what I did was to get the exact color I
used one second me paste it
here perfect
so I got the color here if you see here
it's FFC 047 that is the exact color I
got and what I done was I created a new
layer from the bottom right uh right
clicked the layer and created a clipping
mask now what a clipping mask does
is if I want to draw over the subject it
only sticks to him and nothing else of
the background so to show you an example
if it wasn't a clipping mask it goes
everywhere right and then I'd have to
erase the parts that I don't like which
is too long so to make it convenient you
create the clipping mask and now you can
comfortably just draw over wherever you
want to draw so initially what I done
was I just added a nice orange tint um
an orange just outline you could say on
the edge of um the
subject
so here and then oops contrl Z is to
undo by the way um just a quick outline
around
him now we have a we have a nice little
outline around him now to make it blend
better cuz it is slightly unrealistic
you could say to make it blend better I
go on the blending options over here top
right and I scroll all the the way down
to Overlay so if you look at how it was
before it's a slight difference so if
you look at the face for example before
it was just a flat brush now it's just
it Blends a bit better now next what I
did is I added
another if you if you create a new layer
underneath the clipping mask but on top
of the subject it automatically makes it
a clipping mask for you so what I done
after that after I got the initial uh
slight outline I increased the size of
my brush and I done a bit more so I
don't directly draw over it because it
becomes too much I'll go a bit outside
of it and I'll start adding a bit more
of a tint around them so a bit here
maybe a bit too much here um increase
the brush by a
bit like this a little bit a bit on the
face as well bit on the bottom as well
and a bit
here and once again I change the blender
mode to
Overlay and as you can see it's a slight
little bit of help stands out as well um
and then I created one more uh actually
I might lower the opacity a little bit
so it's not too strong I created one
more layer but this one I done I done
it pretty strong on him so go like this
maybe so now this is obviously a bit too
strong so what I done was once again go
on the overlay and then I lowered the
opacity a little bit as well and that is
pretty happy of how it's turned out so
far so that's how I got like the orange
kind of outline and orange color tint on
him these blending modes help a lot with
making things look a bit more realistic
and different so overlay is not the only
one you could do even for
example what's another one that can look
good linear burn looks decent if you
want to go for a darker theme and even
something like soft light is decent but
for this thumbnail in my opinion overlay
does the best so after we're done doing
this orange outline orange tint you
could say on yanos the subject we get
our second subject and in this case it
was a character from League of Legends
being leas in so the whole video was
about lein so I decided to use godf
godfist lein I thought it was the most
suitable for uh the kind of style I was
going for so I draged my image here and
just to show you how I get them pre-cut
I don't actually cut them myself or crop
them myself what I do is I I go online
uh close this tab go
Google and I type in the skin that I
want so in this case it was godfist LE
and then I just type PNG afterwards and
you see people have already preut it for
you uh click on this link and it's
already been pre- cropped you just have
to download it here so that's typically
how I find it it could be any other skin
you want and usually there's always
options for you online and you don't
have to crop it yourself
after we get the lease in we place it
somewhat behind him um but not too small
where you can't see him but not too big
where he's taking the whole screen great
so I think this was approximately what I
was going for if we look here fairly
similar it's in this position
approximately after this what I done is
I decided to add a bit of flames behind
yankos and in front of Leon behind Leon
now we have the main part of what will
make thumbnails stand out and it's the
Flames so what I done for that is let
get my Flames from here um open it here
it's going to open illustrator for us
great now we have our Flames uh the
assets that we'll be using for this part
and just to show you where I get my
assets from uh usually I go on multiple
websites but one of them being free
pick.com
let's say for example you type something
like uh flames
you scroll down you if you're if you're
not a premium member you can click here
on the free section and you have
multiple
free assets that you could use if you
want a more cartoony flame Flames
cartoon and then you'll get more of a
Illustrated one um there's a lot of
things you can do other places I usually
go to as well for example if you go on
Adobe stock
um I know Adobe stock is paid and it's
very expensive however if you go here
and then you scroll down to the free
section there's also some things you can
get from here so you type fire once
again you have some high quality assets
you could use so after I grabbed um my
Flames which I actually did end up
grabbing from free pick they're called
the vector realistic burning fire flames
so after I grabbed those um the ones I
decided to go with if I I'm not mistaken
it was this one so I clicked on this
flame PR crl c crl v put a as a smart
object great now we have our Flame the
first flame we'll be using and now
obviously there's a black background
around it so you might be thinking how
are we going to get rid of it right you
can't really you can't really just brush
it out otherwise you're going to start
brushing parts of the flame and if you
use the pen tool it's going to look too
unrealistic cuz Flames usually have like
a blur um around the edge which you
could do yourself but there's a quicker
way around it so what I do is let's
let's place it where we wanted to before
so on this thumbnail we placed it around
the edges here over here and behind le
as well so let's go for the first
section which was around here and now we
have a black background here so we don't
have to worry about um blending it out
right however now let's copy paste it
and put another one in front of leas in
cuz we did have
one around here um the down around here
right so firstly let's create a layer
mask and rub out the parts that we don't
need which is here we don't need this
part here great now that we're done
erasing the part on the left that we
don't need now we on the right side we
won't be erasing any of this we'll be
getting rid of it straight away the
black background and how we do that is
we go on the blending options on the top
right we scroll all the way down and the
one we use for this one is lighten now
of course some of the fire is not
showing as much so what we do is we get
the flames and we just bring it a bit up
so it's
more more out there more obvious and if
we don't need a part of it we can just
rub it
out this part can go and as you can see
the black background is just completely
gone it Blends in with the background
without you having to erase it yourself
if we go back on no blending mode see
it's black now scroll down to lighten
and it just takes it away for for you
now you'll have to use different
blending modes depending on the
background color so if it's a different
color um you might have to use something
different however it really does depend
on what's behind the subject or what
what's behind the asset that you're
using so now that we've got this main
part out the way what I done after this
now is I put some Flames a bit of flames
behind
leing so we can copy the same Flames
from before contrl c to copy control+ V
to
paste and we drag the Flames behind Le
in
so we have one here and since the
background is black we don't need to
actually erase anything um and we grab
and paste it again and put another one
around here
maybe around here so what I want is this
flame here to to be behind him on the
right side so we'll create a blending uh
layer mask sorry and we will grab the
black color and we will erase the left
that we don't need we will click on
blending mode and go on light
what we don't want
is this part here behind it as well um
whoops this is why you name your
layers let's um create the layer mask
for this one rub this out and then now
we bring this one back this is looking a
bit decent
um you know what actually let's name our
layers so what I'll do now is actually
going back to the screenshot of the
video I had I'll go back to the layer
mask that I created um before and we'll
click on the brush which is B and we'll
go to the white color this time so why
I'm doing this is because I do want the
background behind Le to kind of be
filled up cuz I want less negative space
I don't want too much black I'll keep
this area black here for contrast but I
don't want too much black now as you see
the background from the Flames is now
showing because we didn't create this uh
we didn't use a blending mode here cuz
we didn't think we need to we think we'd
need it
however what we can do now is go
straight to lighton and same thing as
earlier the black doesn't show
um let me move this a bit to the left
perfect perfect so now that we're done
with all the flames and the background
what I'll actually do next is I will
actually bring back some of this
background here
um which I think I are done even up
towards here right yep um bring back
some of the background so that this part
doesn't matter for now even though we
don't want this part to show on the
bottom um it's fine it's it's not going
to show later anyways um once again just
to fill in the negative space I brought
back some of the background sorry I had
to cut the video for a second but now
that we're done with the background and
the flames and everything what we'll be
doing next
is uh doing the text which is one of the
most important parts of a thumbnail as
well so how I done the text is you can
either click on here the text tool or
you can click uh for a shortcut on your
keyboard you can just press T and it
selects the tool for you click anywhere
on the screen and now the text appears
now the font we used is impact um and
the color will be blue which to be
precise it says 00 c0 FF um and the
style is italic if you didn't see um it
was already pre pre-done but just right
click the text and go on italic now
type in let's typee in the text we want
which is firstly Elite and then click
anywhere else on the screen and type in
Leen now bring them slightly
together and now move them uh move them
together and make them bigger how I do
that is I click on one of the texts and
I click control on the other layer and
you can move them together now make them
bigger
together uh let me Center this
slightly great now before we move on to
the layer Styles such as the drop shadow
and all the highlights and stuff I'm
going to add one thing onto this first
so start a new uh click on new layer um
Press B to go on your brush get a soft
round brush
and for the exact color we'll be using
it will be like a light blue so b2e 8 FB
and make make the brush oh no sorry make
the brush uh maybe this size and now
just brush over parts of the text so
here's
one here's
another maybe here as well maybe here as
well and what we'll do now
is duplicate the text uh actually group
the text first so click on both the
layers press here to group it and then
press uh control J on your keyboard to
duplicate the layer now we have um two
texts as you can see I like to keep one
just to be safe in case I mess about and
I make a mistake so hide this text for
now text this and text copy
um now what we'll be doing is convert
these two into a smart object combine
them together and con convert them into
a smart object so put them together
right click and convert to a small my
object now what we're going to do is
click on the glow you could call it just
the Highlight we we created earlier
click on that layer click on the layer
mask and now go back to your text click
on the thumbnail of the layer which is
here click and hold control and click it
now it selects the pixels for you so
click once again click control or hold
control and click on the thumbnail now
it selects the the te uh the pixels for
you um now what we need to do is press
contrl shift and I so you hold control
hold shift and press I now it's going to
select outside of the the text instead
of inside it's going to select outside
so just to show you an example now if
you were to draw over it it only draws
outside of
it now we go back to the Highlight that
we created earlier and we go into the
layer masks that we created and now we
just press Press B go on the brush go on
the black color and just rub it rub it
out now it's a slight little highlight
for now but it'll make sense uh later on
so now what we do is we double click on
the text now we can create a layer style
which is what will bring the text to
life and I used five different layer
Styles and the first one I used was a
bevel and emboss so click on the Bev on
emboss it creates like a little slight
3d effect underneath if you can see the
black on top we don't need but it's not
going to show because of the Shadow
anyways that we put on later on the drop
shadow so it does like a slight little
3d effect and alter bevel style smooth
technique depth is 126 Direction up size
six soften zero the angle - 96 altitude
is 26 and it's a white and black screen
multiplyer effect um now the effect
after this is going to be an inner
Shadow so if you can see if I zoom in
for you you can see the inner Shadow is
just a slight highlight at the top of
the text over here as well gives it a
nice little 3d effect which will be uh
which will show better later on when
there's more contrast but just for now
if you can see it's just a slight little
highlight at the top uh after that we're
going to add the Inner Glow now the
Inner Glow is very very subtle so you
can probably barely see it before it's
like a a darker blue you could say click
on it is a very subtle brighter makes it
slightly brighter and it gives a nice
little glow effect it's very s um the
effect for this is oh actually I didn't
go through the inner Shadow effect first
inner Shadow was a white normal blend
mode uh distance four size six and the
choke is zero and for the Inner Glow
this time it's a screen blend mode
opacity 7 quiet color and the size is
81 and
last uh the last effect we'll be using
actually oh no the second last is a
Saturn this is what really brings it to
life so if you click on the Saturn what
it does is it makes it like a almost
like a metallic look to it um so this is
before this is
after and with the Saturn we go
Luminosity for the blend mode the color
is white opacity is 82 distance is 208
and the size is 250 so that's for the
Saturn and then last but not least drop
shadow and drop shadow is something that
will add contrast to behind the text so
that it doesn't just look empty behind
it and it's easier to read and how the
exact effects I used were or the numbers
should I say black color capacity is 100
distance is four spread is 100 size is
14 and of course the angle is 90 so
that's all the effects we'll be using
now why I added this the glow from
earlier if you can see without it it
looks like this for now right however if
you change the blend mode from a normal
blend mode to a color
Dodge it gives it like a you can see
it's almost like a metallic look in the
sense that you have like a strong white
here and then blue on the outskirt so if
you see it's not just complete blue it's
like a bluish white now it's now it
looks a bit more metallic um you can
obviously play about with it if you want
to for example bring back a bit of it
here by using the going into the layer
mask maybe if you don't like having that
much you can erase some of the edges
out it's up to you to be honest but this
is the effect uh I used now why I erased
done the thing earlier where I selected
the pixels and erased it is because look
if you bring if I bring it all back you
can see it really affects the edges
sometimes and it gives like a jagged
effect and a blue that we don't really
want so that is exactly why I made you
select the pixels and then erase it from
the outside so now looks pretty clean
however it's of course not exactly what
this is so how we got to that is we
create a new layer underneath your text
and now we want to fill in the back with
more black like a greater Shadow so that
there's more contrast right you can fill
it in with the brush yourself but I want
to make it exact I want to make it look
clean and and precise so how how I done
that I click on the penol over here
which you can also press p as a shortcut
and now we
just fill in the gaps that we want to
fill so maybe here as well bring it here
[Music]
first perfect and now we just close the
pen tool selection we right
click click on make selection click okay
and now we just fill it with our black
brush you can obviously use the bucket
if you want to bucket uh tool to just
fill it in but I just filled it in with
the brush that's how I'm used to doing
it so now that we have the text um it's
still if we group the whole text into
one group here it's still pretty basic
right like you bring it
here not good enough it stands out but
not good enough so what we do now is we
press crl T to transform it so after we
press contrl T now we can just move the
edges so that we do the same effect that
we had in the thumbnail we done right so
you stretch the edge here stretch The
Edge a little bit here make it slightly
bigger as
well uh just play about it until you get
a look that you really like right so I
think this is a bit perfect so now we
have the text
on we have the shadow in the back we
have the text done now what I done to
give it the effect I gave it here which
looks a bit like a how do you like a
greeny effect right how I done that is I
clicked on the text the text layer click
on filter scroll all the way down to
noise add noise and then I added a noise
of approximately maybe three let me zoom
in a little bit so that you can see it
better
um maybe Four's too strong maybe 3 and a
half now as you can see now it has the
grainy effect from earlier however I
don't really like how there's blue here
but not enough blue here right so we'll
go back to the highlight we added
earlier and we'll just start filling in
the gaps that we want to fill in so
maybe a bit of blue here it we'll erase
this later don't worry a bit of blue
here maybe a bit of blue now to get rid
of
these ugly parts that we don't want
again hold control click on the text
thease in text once again hold control
shift press I to invert the selection
now we go back to here back to the
Highlight we created and now we just
erase the parts that we didn't want go
on the black color just erase these
parts that we didn't want now as you can
see these ugly parts that we didn't like
earlier are now gone perfect now we have
the text completed
um one more thing we actually forgot to
add is the flame if you can see here uh
whoops we had a bit of a flame behind
the text here right um can't really look
it now but it's the flame in the
background now so we copy the copy the
flame we had earlier contrl + C and then
contrl V to paste it bring the lame
behind the
text uh maybe around here is
okay we have to cover this part here as
well so make it slightly bigger this
works and then change the blender mode
once again to lighten uh now we have the
flame that we add over here flame is
done here something that I tend to add
to some of my thumb know which is very
subtle but it adds a nice little effect
is if go back to my assets actually um
first thing I added was
this which is a like a smokey
or effect look you could call it so the
effect we used here what I actually done
is all I did was I brought it here a
little bit I lowered the opacity let's
create a layer mask rub out a bit of it
so it's not completely on top of the
text and gra out a bit from here cuz we
don't want this uh Edge on it's like
border Edge right and to rub this out
and this just gives like some of the
Sparks that you saw earlier right these
little Sparks I have here now after this
what we actually used is this is another
one of my assets that I used um flip
this horizontally here and then what I
done was I lowered the opacity to maybe
maybe this much and then I also copy
pasted
it and flip it horizontally and I
brought it here as you can see I also
have a bit of it here added a little
spark effect once again um maybe make
the opacity slightly stronger perfect so
the next uh effect I used was
actually this one now we grab this now
obviously now we have the black
background issue again or we have do is
scroll down find the uh blending mode
that we like so I think linear Dodge
will work fine
perfect let's click here and then for
this one what I done was it gives it
like a once again like the orange hint
over here right on top of the anos bit
more of a orange hint on top of him but
I don't like how it covers the text as
well cuz then now the text just looks a
bit blurry so what I done is I created
the layer mask once again press B on the
brush and just wrong col color now we
just erase the part that we don't like
once again now it's just pretty much on
yanos himself
right but it's obviously a bit too
overpowering and too strong so we'll
just lower the opacity a little bit and
now it's just a subtle orange effect
that we have after this what I used as
well was 98 this one and for this one
actually we used a different blender
mode to get rid of the black background
we used
screen um so obviously as you can see
it's also strong so we want to remove
the orange from the text the text we
want it to stand out right if it's too
orange when you zoom out doesn't look
too clear you want to remove this Orange
from the text small little Sparks are
okay but we want to remove the orange so
that it's not too strong on the text and
once again adds like a subtle orange
effect to him maybe lower the opacity so
it's not too strong as you can see it's
starting to come to life similar to this
and what do do we use next we used 31 is
the one I used actually so we paste this
one here to get rid of the this one I
like the glow on the top right adds a
nice little glow and the dots are kind
of nice as well so for this one the
blending mode I used once again is
screen gets rid of the background as you
can see now it's like a little glow we
have on the top and in the on the sides
as well so for this one actually I don't
want to make it too strong so once again
I want to remove it from the text I want
to keep the text by itself and then
maybe just remove some of on Le in cuz
we also want leing to be a bit visible a
bit of yankos his face we don't we want
his face to be visible as
well and yeah this is looking good so
far so now it's just pretty much like
orange dots here and here lower the
opacity once again so it's not too
strong this looks fine and then once
again we use the same one uh which you
could have just copy pasted but press
screen and for this one I pretty much
erased uh pretty much erased all over
right I just kept I don't want to put it
in the same areas I just kept it pretty
much maybe just a bit here so you can
see the glow on the top and in here I
wanted like the orange tint as well so
without it it's not there with it it's
like a orange tint you can see in the
corners I like the orange tint it adds
it's not too strong it's a nice little
subtle uh orange effect
now if we group these together just so
it's not too messy let's just call them
I don't know dots whatever um what I
like to add which um I had inspiration
from another artist that does this often
I like to add depth uh depth in the
corners right um how I do that usually
I'll like for example get cut out a bit
of Le in or put him in the corner but I
made a thumbnail in the pass using uh
Jin so once again you can do the same
thing go and Google type in shanhai
Scrolls Jin PNG after and you can get a
cut out version of Jin now we don't want
this Jin all we want is this little the
end part of his gun right so grab the
penil click here click here curve it a
little bit and zoom out so the next
thing uh I like to add after is
something that's um is very subtle but
it adds a bit of depth depth to the
thumbnail which I actually got
inspiration from another artist that
does this so what I done is is go back
into my assets I grab the gin one um so
this is the skin of shanhai Scrolls gin
so as I showed you earlier all you need
to do is copy um uh go and Google type
in the Skin So shanhai scroll gen type
in PNG after and you'll get it already
pre-cut for you so now all we need is
the end part of his gun um grab the pen
tool cut out the end part of his
gun and oh whoops I didn't realize I
didn't fill it here
so cover the whole part of this gun
right click make selection and now all
you need to do is crl + C to copy delete
the layer paste it back and take it out
of the group
actually let
me there we go so now we just have to
add it to the corners uh as we done with
the last other example of the thumbnail
right so we add this in the corner
maybe here
maybe but I don't like to make it too
strong right so I like to add a bit of a
BL to it so that it's not there we go so
so it Blends a bit better and it's not
too strong and um add another one copy
paste add another one
here and just to save time I'll copy
paste the ones from before and then come
back perfect there we go so we have the
corner here we have this part and we
have this part
now and this is just like a tiny tiny
bit here cuz I don't want to do all four
right if you see if you do all four it
looks too much just a subtle in the
corner sometimes even just this much is
enough but I like to do usually three
parts of the thumbnail now if you see
before it was like this Afters like this
it adds a little bit of depth to it
right so it's a nice little bit of depth
to it and we're almost actually done
here the last thing I like to add is if
we go on maybe like a orange color
create a new layer Take It Outside of
the group go on um orange maybe around
here is fine something like this works
maybe just clicking on a random color
and then just adding like a little bit
of glow around the
thumbnail maybe here maybe here a little
bit not just it's not too strong but
just makes it a bit brighter and adds a
little bit of a glow to it and yeah
pretty much this is the thumbnail
complete
um however there's one more thing I like
to do at the end of each thumbnail is
group up
everything uh copy the group paste it
after you paste it um press contr e now
it creates it into one layer right
convert it into a smart object so we can
edit it if we need to now I like to add
a little bit of noise to it maybe just
one is fine adds a little bit of a grain
to it it's very Sol and one more thing
is actually camera raw filter this is uh
what can bring a thumbnail to life or
just any piece of art to life it's it's
the main part of a lot of piece of work
so for this I like to add a bit of light
make it a bit brighter right the
thumbnails always work better um slight
bit of contrast not too much and maybe
bring the highlights up a bit uh go on
the effects now what you can do here to
make it a bit stronger is go on texture
up the texture by maybe this much so if
you go back can even go on his face and
you can see before it was like this
after it's like this it's so but it it
it does it does uh affect the thumbnail
so up the clarity a tiny bit not too
much cuz if you do it too much looks a
bit too awkward so up the clarity a
little bit and I think I'll make the
Vibrance a bit
stronger and this should pretty much be
it so we go back as you can see before
if I hide it it's a bit darker on moreor
now it's a bit stronger and more
texturized and yeah this is pretty much
it done um uh yeah I appreciate all of
you for watching uh it's my first ever
tutorial I've ever done and it's my
first bit of long form content I've done
on this channel
so I'm still working my way around it
maybe made it a bit longer than it
should have been but I wanted to explain
everything bit by bit to make sure you
guys are comfortable hope you guys
enjoyed uh this will be the first of
many tutorials um you can click on the
click on the description to see my other
pieces of work so that maybe you can
request um a different tutorial and yeah
feel free to join my Discord that I
created a few days ago um I upload fre
fonts there that you could use um assets
uh advice if you need any advice on how
to improve your thumbnails sometimes uh
tutorials that are exclusive to the
Discord as well feel free to join it'll
be in my description um just started it
a few days ago but any help you need
I'll be there and hope you guys enjoyed
uh thank you very much for watching and
until next time take care