we have all been here where we think we
can queue up and then run to the
bathroom or grab some gamer water sadly
I almost always have to tell my wife to
accept my queue when she could be gaming
herself this is very Hit or Miss because
she is not always in the game room so I
found this program a while back that
could save us from missing a match the
program is on overwolf if you don't
already have it you should download
overwolf and follow along with my video
the app I use is called team advisor now
let me show you some of the featur
features of the app the best features
are Auto accept hover ban and always
lock in this means no more Dodges by not
accepting matches make sure you go
through and set the program
up when I go through it I add my
favorites and my bands and then I queue
up to test that it
works here I am starting the queue and
it
works
I won this game I queued up for see you
guys next
time