hey guys welcome back to the channel
this is my new updated 2024 version on
how to play League of Legends on your
steam deck this is either using the
trackpads and buttons or connecting to a
dock and using a keyboard and mouse on
your monitor or even just a
USBC uh dock with a keyboard and mouse
plugged in so first thing you want to do
is go to the desktop mode which can be
done by going to the power option and
steam game and heading to the desktop
and then from there you're going to go
down to the Discover store at the bottom
of the screen there and you're going to
download heroic games launcher okay so
the way we're going to be playing League
of Legends is through epic games so you
will need to make an epic games account
for the epic game store now not all of
you going to want to do that and that's
fair enough but trying to find the
simplest easiest way to play it this to
me is the way so what we're going to do
here is we're going to add heroic to our
steam Library I've already got it in my
G in my epic Library uh steam Library so
I'm not going to re-edit again of course
uh that's your first step is to do that
and then load it up here from the
desktop mode um as you can see here I'm
already logged into my epic account so
for you you'll go through a um Signum
process uh so make sure you've already
got your epic account made or you can do
it now I guess but primarily pretty easy
to pre-make your epic account uh and
then you're going to go to the Epic
store within heroic or if you've already
done it on your PC and you're going to
search up League of Legends and add it
to your
library um it's a pretty straightforward
process if you're following along slow
it down pause uh
and see how you go okay so that's I
found it and I'm going to add it to my
library I already have it in mind but
this would be the the stages you'd go
through so um if some of this seems a
bit silly and a bit drawn out it's
simply because I want this video to be
accessible to everybody and I've noticed
that it's easier to have all the steps
involved just so everybody knows where
to look okay I just go down to find it
and I'm like there's a lot of games in
here it's easier just to search for it
but it's now in my library now once it's
uh downloaded we can go back into game
mode which is at the top left hand side
of the desktop mode of steam
um you can see here I've got my heroic
has got a fancy screen and title that's
not necessary that's just me being fancy
but if you're looking for it you go to
your library and in non steam you'll
find heroic
launcher then you just going to load it
up and it'll go to your library which
you'll have League of Legends in it uh
but the first thing you're going to want
to do is go to the wine manager okay and
from here at the top you'll see there's
three different uh to pick from you want
to go for wi G
LOL wine lol and you're going to want to
download the latest one 27 now I'm going
to preface this video now that whenever
Riot updates League of Legends client
there is a chance it breaks this guide
okay so um just be aware with live games
this may break all right so it may work
now it may work for 3 months may work
for months it may only work 2 weeks Le
Riot may do a massive update and break
the game okay so just keep that in mind
now it's going to ask you to install
it's going to say it doesn't work which
is technically true but with the low GE
update it will work make sure you select
it down the bottom there and then click
to install all
right um and you'll want to use it as
your default I didn't select it there
but you want to make this your default
wine so it doesn't ask you this it's
going to give me a warning here saying I
haven't selected a default wine um after
it does this miniature install so make
sure you do set it as your default and
then it will always work and make sure
you change it for other games though
because this uh proton is only for
league so we're going to go to play here
and it's going to say we could not find
the selected y version to launch but we
found the other one that you've
downloaded which is the LOL one we're
going to go yes and it's going to load
up momentarily here I've got this on two
times speed okay so um this process is
going to be slightly slower than what
you're seeing here but I did want to
keep it in there is going to be some
Cuts further on into this because the
install does take quite some time over
Wi-Fi I could have plugged it into my
dock but I was deciding to be lazy and
lay on the couch um please comment below
if you're finding this guide helpful if
you want more of these or some other
content do you want me to do a guide on
how I've got my controller scheme set up
um that could be the next video I do is
showing you how I've got the controller
set up um so next thing is you're going
to want to download install it but don't
sign in okay big thing don't sign in let
it download and then quit and make sure
you close the app
entirely by clicking playing to stop as
you can see the right launch is still
open you want make sure this is green
and then you want to
play
okay really important that you
completely close out once you've
downloaded and installed League of
Legends otherwise we may run into issues
later on again I've got this at two
times speed so this will take slightly
longer to load than what it looks like
here but don't worry it will
load you can see I'm signing in so make
sure you sign in once the installer is
is
complete you will have to get your email
and do the verification
code this will only take a few
[Music]
seconds I'm pretty sure it's safe to put
that code in because it only works for
20 minutes and this video is a lot later
than that you want to
play and you're going to be a way
laughing now I've got my um controller
set up for League of Legends on my steam
deck that's why I'm able to click
through quite easily um so make sure in
the settings on you push the steam
button and change it to um keyboard and
mouse so you can use the thumb pad
easily to click through
stuff again if you if you need more help
with the controller setup if you want to
play it from your steam deck let me know
in the comments below and I'll do an
updated controller guide for playing
league but this is more so if you're
just using a keyboard or Mouse but you
want it on your steam deck okay and I'm
just going to load into a
um practice just so you can see that
it's running in game um and that it
works I won't go into a live game here
but it definitely works
live cuz I was playing a game
beforehand um I wouldn't recommend
playing ranked on your steam deck
playing Norms just don't tell people
that you're playing with a key uh on on
a controller or they might get a bit
crumpy at you um but yeah as you can see
it's loading up it takes a little bit of
time
here and we'll be in
momentarily there we are we're now in
game and we're playing League of Legends
on our steam deck how cool is that now
uh I won't go over my controls here but
they are all set up and they are usable
if you want to use them I will put a
link uh if you search in the in the
steam controller store is not controller
store but in the controller section if
you look for King salami League of
Legends uh you should find my controller
set up there and basically how I've got
it is the d-pad has your abilities so um
it'll be like
Q uh your your three main abilities be
left up and right on the d-pad while
down is your
ultimate um and I just set everything to
high here and put it on 80 frames I
start on 60 but I put it 80 just to show
you could go higher um and you do want
to lock your screen to your character
otherwise it gets a little bit messy on
if you're playing on Steam deck
um but there's plenty of things to set
up I've got recoil on the back buttons
I've got the ax Y andb is 1 2 3 and four
for using um consumables or abilities on
your items the triggers left and right
trigger your f key and your
um your other activatable key for your
abilities like flash and teleport are on
your triggers and the bumpers is left
and right click so you're using
the right thumb
Pad Plus the right bumper to move click
attack and then your left bumper for
buying items and you know clicking on
stuff in the UI
so that's going to conclude this video I
really appreciate it hopefully this
guide has helped you this is by far the
easiest method so far to playing League
of Legends on a steam deck um we've
definitely gone through multiple
variations this is our third variation
on playing League of Legends first time
was using lutrus second time was using
bottles and this time it's using heroic
launcher which I think most people
already have on their steam decks so
there we are thank thanks guys