orine
for
girl morning's
here when opinions start to guide us we
won't let them Define
us play it
by
[Music]
[Music]
I that's good
it's it with
your good it's
just got a moner out of me you better
watch out if your a road ahead of full
prophecy to be the greatest Beast of
ever seen I feed him every day like the
bones clean I feed him all the hate and
he grows me he getsa real big piss off
quick and if you cross him you might
drop dead metaphorically of course
settle in the never getting bored loves
the blood and G want more freedom from
the SCE they don't really understand
until they feel the P if you start
you be hardless in the darkness apart
quick you left Stars RI to be chewed up
and
discarded
AC energy I expected once it's in your
mind it's inec fight for your life and
reject it you better give me space I'm
protective my adrenaline spikes when I'm
threatened and if you stay in my way I'm
agressive when
there's when I'm
[Music]
desperate
[Music]
better than I can feel my heart rate
adrenaline
pressure weather lightning thunder
pouring yo I'm a goet try to do it like
me better I do it better I got a mind
that's clever the Beast inside as
competitive as ever I'm conscious my
subconscious an accomplice to me I
promise the darkness I can Hest dis
believe but don't cross me I might lose
control of the Lost Beast he the way
inside with the key control by Fire Fly
and this world ain't won't accept it
negative energy I expect it once it's in
your mind it's inous so fight for your
life and reject it you better me I'm
protective my adrenal spikes when I'm
threatened and if you stay in my way I'm
aggressive cuz when there's W it'll K
when I'm
[Music]
desate
cuz when there's no it'll kill when I'm
desperate