well can you tell us about the future
direction of balancing design for ad
carry this season uh skyus I honestly
can't tell you a lot about it because
it's really early in the season it's
something we'll have to think about it's
probably pretty important crit is good
it looks like lethality is kind of
dominant on ad carry right now so we'll
have to think about that um there's also
some worries that Bots very gankable so
that's another thing we'll have to be
thinking about so Edie carry is
definitely something we're going to be
looking at there's some definitely some
worries even right now like is lethality
too good is the lane too gankable but
yeah we'll we'll be we'll be paying
attention to it and adjusting it as it
goes
on um my my personal intuition right now
is we might need to be looking at crit
items and just making them a bit better
in the long
run um but we'll see