AI cheating in
League one AI enabled product that has
sparked debate even controversy in The
Gaming Community is msi's AI enabled
monitor which as you can see is popping
up indicators completely independent of
your operating system or your game files
Whenever there is an enemy hero coming
into the frame in League of Legends now
MSI makes the argument that this isn't
cheating because all it's doing is
watching the mini map for you so in
theory it's not doing anything a skilled
player couldn't already do on their own
but by that logic why not highlight your
opponents in CS2 or
draw an AI generated racing line in
Mario Kart of course all of these things
exist already the difference is that
it's being handled by a neural processor
inside the monitor making it impossible
for the game developer to detect now
from my tone you can probably tell how I
feel about AI assistance that unlevel
the playing field but I also see the
argument from the other side is it
really any different from having a
higher quality mouse or a better
internet connection which of course that
is side on it's clear that League of
Legends opponent detection is just the
tip of the iceberg here with MSI
claiming that users will be able to
train an AI model on different games or
in the future even on the audio that
streams through the monitor to unlock
new gaming advantages so ready or not
here it
comes I mean guys that's what a
completely ridiculous argument a better
a better gaming mouse like I'm I'm Legit
been sponsored my entire life by
peripherals and not a single one of them
is really much different than just to be
honest like a mechanical keyboard a
[ __ ] Logitech mouse yeah there's
extra buttons but how is it any
different than having just a regular $20
mouse that you buy from Staples like
obviously
huh oh no Lena's Lena's telling me not
to talk but
um it's just really not much different
at all it it it's it's better in like
quality but in terms of like actual
performance this is just a completely
different
Universe yeah no I don't think so I
think she's being a bit paranoid um I
don't think I don't think the monitor
is um even in the same realm like this
[ __ ] is just crazy it's reading your
mini
map as all it's
doing let me see it again again which as
you can see is popping up indicators
completely independent of your operating
system or your game files when Whenever
there is an enemy hero coming
into let me read let me see into the
frame in League of Legends an enemy wait
hold on now MSI makes the argument that
this isn't cheating because all it's
doing is watching the mini map for you
so in theory it's not doing anything a
skilled player
wouldn't already do on their own
but wait so is
this like if a car if an A Champion is
like in your
HUD like right
here would it tell
you but like not in your actual I like
it's hard for me to understand like what
this is actually doing if
it's revealed on your mini map but not
necessarily on your computer is that
what it's telling you it tells you if an
enemy is coming by looking at the mini
map if you can see them on the map it
shows you the
direction yeah
then it's it's cheating this is
ridiculous
that's obviously
cheating