[Music]
but it's too late now I
remember you and
me and how
caress
we all day all night we stay up it felt
so right we so young we were so dumb we
were getting drunk and then hooked up we
were okay we were all right in a way
till the sunrise we were in love
couldn't stop us like a good drve never
we look up in my car D it so far play
your guitar you show me your bar let
down our guards think with our hearts
stare at the STS we would never apart
drinking too young way too much fun out
in the sun when it's gone you to song
dance the come
[Music]
on it's too late now I
remember
[Music]
everything and how
careless we could
be and how
careless we could
be could
be
[Music]
[Music]
late nights long fights and felt right
we were R we go out
sooud
weend days we spend our WR way we were
we were Fearless
we PR we love to waste time crisy and
blind drinking all night asleep by your
side finally Al Al we would just drive
never Rive our journey was Liv staying
out late testing our faith running away
we live for today we get so bold never
get old screw what we're told we can't
be those you
it's too late now I
remember
everything and how
careless we could
be and how
chess we could
[Music]
be
[Music]
[Music]
be and how
CH we could be
[Music]
now
remember you
[Music]
me