Olaf has to be one of the most
inconsistent champions in the history of
League almost every assumption one would
have of him is actually the opposite
he's had one of the most volatile
histories throughout league for his
trademark play style having incredible
Peaks but equally disappointing valleys
and though his play rate isn't exactly
as non-existent as Al legs of York or
scarner the reason I wanted to include
him in why no one plays is due to how
unpredictable he is as a champion
despite having one of the most
simplistic designs and game plays Among
the roster perhaps even more lacking in
Nuance than the overwhelming majority of
stat trackers in this game AAA champ you
see every now and again but never feel
like you see him as consistently as
other Champions even if he's presently
strong or weak you'll run into games
where he feels Unstoppable literally and
in the same patch he'll find matches
where basically anyone can do a better
job than him so for this episode of Vino
and plays we'll be talking about Olaf
the Berserker when I mentioned the word
inconsistent I wasn't exactly referring
to his abilities he's actually one of
the more consistent champions in that
department what's inconsistent about him
are the circumstances revolving around
him for one when you think of a stat
Checker like Mundo nasis or Garen you'd
expect them to have a significantly
higher presence and win rate in low ELO
due to both being easy to play and the
average lack of players experience and
how to fight them conversely in High ELO
where players are more aware of how to
play against or around them they're not
quite as popular Olaf is actually the
opposite he has a comparatively lower
pick rade and win rate in low ELO while
each metric is better in hayo that
inconsistency is going to be the running
theme with Olaf and the main reason why
it's hard for him to find any meaningful
play looking at his popularity history
though you can see there were several
months in time where he was
exceptionally popular but a lot of that
had to do in once again Str his
circumstances not so much his own
gameplay that was actually the driving
force behind his mid scope update in mid
2022 contrary to what his skip may
suggest Olaf behaves completely
differently from other stat Checkers
more than any other Champions stat
Checkers are designed to be the most
stable archetype in the game they're
either consistently strong consistently
weak or consistently average compared to
higher skill expression Champions like
Riven or Kiana whose players are
significantly worse at the champion in
low ELO than High ELO there's only so
much a stat Checker is able to do and so
the performance fluctuation from one
rank to another hinges more on one's
decision-making rather than execution
with their black and white beu or loose
you nature though stat Checkers are
naturally regarded as hard counters in
certain matchups and if this one
champion who fits the definition of a
hard counter it would be Olaf courtesy
of Ragnarok one of the most broken
ultimates in the entire game at least in
theory those of you who've been watching
me for a while may know that I detest
abilities that break the rules of the
game in an advantageous way since it
renders them immune to Conventional
forms of counterplay trend ultimate for
instance is complete hor on account of
invalidating the single Universal
counterplay against any Champion to kill
them but the reason I don't have the
same animosity for kindra's ultimate is
because it affects everyone therefore
not affording a guaranteed Advantage for
either team theoretically Ragnarok fits
that same criteria as it allows Olaf to
bypass all forms of crowd control in the
game aside from Death crowd control is
the best way to stop a champion from
doing anything as it limits or outright
prevents them from taking action so
giving a champion total immunity to hard
CC sounds like a recipe for disaster in
terms of bounce it both is and isn't
prior to his mope update Ragnarok last
hased a fixed duration 6 seconds to be
exact this meant for 6 seconds you
couldn't do anything to slow or
immobilize him because of this Olaf was
one of the best Champions at beining to
a single person and beating the crap out
of them especially in conjunction with
the massive amount of attack speed he
gave himself so unlike other counter
Champions whose abilities made him excel
at fighting a certain class ola's
counter ability made him excel at
ignoring a certain class almost like a
nerfed version of Old Poppy's diplomatic
immunity a l and vulnerability to crowd
control and his stat check nature made
him a very easy Champion to great in
strength he was at the too good at his
job or not good enough at it if he could
successfully reach the enemy backline
and kill them without any possibility
for recourse he was too strong vice
versa if it felt like he couldn't do
much even with his ultimate he was too
weak sadly for him it would more often
than not have to be the latter unlike
other counter Champions whose abilities
directly inhibit the person they're
intended to deal with Ragnarok does the
opposite it was designed to inhibit the
Champions around the person Olaf was
trying to kill in almost every situation
Olaf's job is to charge straight for the
enemy backline and take them down or die
trying he can do this thanks to any
attempts have peing him off them being
useless but his opponent usually a mage
or Marksman is still able to unload all
the damage they want on him and by
extension everyone else can do the same
alternatively instead of trying to lower
Olaf's pressure they can raise his
targets such as making them tank Gear
with shields and heals or finding other
ways to stall for time like sonas and
that's where we arrive at the first
reason why Olaf despite having a
seemingly ridiculous kit feels kind of
underwhelming to play he doesn't have
the right set of tools to actually take
advantage of his counter ability Olaf's
ultimate back when it was 6 seconds and
couldn't be extended was not intended to
be used against Frontline enemies it was
intended to be used against backline
ones where he could realistically kill
them in that amount of time technically
Olaf's ultimate is effective against the
likes of Nautilus Orin ORS as the main
pressure tools being their crowd control
don't work against him but being tanks
he's going to need more than 6 seconds
to break through them the problem is
that even though Olaf's ultimates
intended to shut down squishy Champions
the rest of his kid both old and current
are intended to shut down funline
Champions like bruisers and tanks
Berserker rage grants him increased
attack speed and life steal based on how
how low as HP is this works well against
any champion who takes a long time to
deal their damage as he can sustain
faster than they can kill such as tanks
who can deal a fair bit of damage too
but usually over a much longer period of
time against a high DPS burst Champion
such as full damage adcs or Mages Olaf
can't really make use of his passes
since they have enough Firepower to
finish them off before he can light
steal it back and when no easy way to
get on top of them immediately he'll
take a lot of damage just walking in
range of them rightless swing is also
the same thing it's point and click true
damage though this does work on everyone
being true damage and all it's best
against tanks and cruisers for two
reasons one he gets more practical value
out of his e since it bypasses more
armor per use against a Leona instead of
anal and two Reckless swings cool down
decreases by 1 second per Auto attack
and doof can attack Frontline Champs a
lot longer than backline Champs finally
both versions of his W Fisher strikes
and tough it out are better suited
against Frontline enemies not backline
vicious strikes gave him bonus attack
speed life steal and increased healing
from all sources based on how low HP was
designed to compliment ol lust increased
pressure the weaker he became through
his passive once more against a champion
with high damage Olaf may not survive
long enough to get the full value out of
w as they could burst him before he
could life steal same applies to his new
W tough it out also gaining bonus attack
speed but rather than life steal and
increased healing he would gain a shield
that was better at low HP though this
version is indeed good for surviving
burst damage it's kind of a small Shield
during the early game Jin's golden egis
gives a better Shield than this granted
they did move the life steal component
to his passive so giving both sustain
and a high value Shield would be
excessive pragmatically the only ability
that actually is Olaf in getting to the
enemy backline is undertale a longrange
projectile that damages and souls all
enemies that he can spam by picking up
the axe that drops on the ground
allowing him to repeatedly Chase enemies
that run away in a vacuum undertoe is a
fantastic ability it's damage wave clear
poke Chase and Tiding and it has a reset
mechanic built into it but it's kind of
an underwhelming one in the hands of
Olaf because that's all he has at his
disposal to chase down opponents then
again that's assuming he even lands it
and the farther the opponent is from him
the harder it is to land basically the
main reason why Olaf doesn't get played
nearly as much as other hard counter
Champs like Mal Fight n Jack scaran and
such is because his basic abilities and
ultimate have split priorities making it
really hard for the balance team to find
a decent spot for him to be in let's use
Mal fight as a comparison Mal fight is
the ultimate counter to any auto attack
physical damage based Champion being a
notorious middle finger against a
sizable number of top laners and with
how many physical damage dealers there
are in this game especially if we
include ad carries St and botling malite
is guaranteed to mitigate the pressure
of at least one person on the enemy team
the difference between him and Olaf is
that Maline is fully committed to
shutting down a certain archetype first
he scales off armor and gets a crap ton
of it armor counters physical damage
what does virtually every basic attack
that isn't from moris or Cori and kale
deal physical damage in addition ground
slime cuts the attack speed of all
enemies struck in half at rank five so
not only are you dealing poultry damage
to Mali thanks to its armor but also
your rate of fire just got slashed in
half making you even more useless
against him lastly with unstoppable
Force he can get right in on your face
immediately then use seismic Shard to
prevent you from running away forcing
you to have to deal with them whether
you like it or not that's why Mal fight
is so effective at countering Champions
he's 100% dedicated to beating physical
damage Auto attackers this of course has
the caveat of getting destroyed
viability based magic damage but malits
designed to be a counter pick and does
his job extremely well and that's due in
part to him having agency against the
Champions he's intended to counter Olaf
doesn't have that same agency like Mali
Olaf was also intended to be used
against a certain archetype only he's
kind of committed to two different
archetypes his passive qw and E suggests
that he excels at fighting low DPS low
Mobility Champions who can't exactly run
away from his barage of qes and they
also don't have the strength to cut
through his life steal but his old
ultimate suggests he doesn't want to
fight for too long since it had only a
fixed duration of 6 seconds barely
enough time for him to kill one squishy
Target this also makes itemization a
problem for him for Mal fight it's very
simple build arm to get the most value
out of it for trendir it's very simple
build full damage who cares about armor
magic assist you can't die for Olaf
you're sort of forced to itemize half
damage half tank on one hand you need
enough DPS to actually pose a threat to
whoever you're fighting but on the other
you need enough survivability to not get
one-shotted on your way to the person
you're you're trying to kill you're
starting to understand what I mean by
Olaf being very inconsistent right now
the reason he had major spikes and
popularity in the past is because those
were time periods where he had the best
of both worlds with how much free he
gets from attack speed to life steal to
more attack speed to armor to Magic
resist to bonus ad most players would
just build full tank on him and rely on
his space stat to get the job done
depending on the time period he would
both be insanely tanky and deal insane
amounts of damage if you go through his
bounce history you'll notice the
overwhelming majority of his Buffs and
Nerfs affect the free stuff he gets with
how Universal of a counter ability
Ragnarok is it's highly likely for him
to spiral out of control and he has
multiple times malide and trendir are
better at countering certain types of
Champions but are kept in check by their
weakness to other types Olaf on the
other hand can become too strong against
too many champions which is often why he
has to stay weak so it's not to have his
cake and eat it too that's why his base
pick rate is so low but his Peak pick
rate is so high that and you know he's
very dependent on the current meta
anyways it's clear that Olaf needs to
commit to something is he a tank Buster
or a backline diver ultimately they
settle with the for changing his
ultimate to be less effective against
backline by reducing its base duration
but significantly amplifying its
Effectiveness against front line by
making it less indefinitely so long as
he's attacking and or using Reckless
swing to further push him in that
direction they made his life steal part
of his passive so it can also last
longer in draw out fights versus tanks
and bruisers additionally they gave him
armor shred on undertone Olaf is now a
huge counter against tanks or Champions
that heavily depend on crowd control so
one would expect them to be played more
consistently especially if the enemy
team has a tank top tank chunk tank
support Etc right yes and no while his
mid scope did successfully Point him in
a specific Direction and while it was
the healthier direction to take it was
also the wrong one his ultimate is
designed to completely invalidate crowd
control which is a tank's greatest
weapon but tanks exert pressure through
short traits not full-blown fights
Olaf's an all-in champion no sane
individual will attempt a full committal
assault against an Olaf as a tank
furthermore he's kind of a ly tank
Buster compared to the likes of Darius
Garen moris s Fiora and such as they
have waste to force their pressure onto
their their opponent Olaf kind of
doesn't sure he has you to slow them
down but that's about it the only time
you can pressure them is if they're
stupid enough to let him attack them for
an extended period of time that's the
key word extended Olaf is a tank Buster
yes but what makes him lousy is that it
takes a while for him to do so tank
Busters are effective at fighting tanks
but they're also effective at fighting
them fast Olaf has true damage and armor
shred but he still has to hack away at
them for a good while at the same time
vior can shr 80% of the health bar with
her ultimate V can machine gun them down
quickly Garen insta kills them at half
HP and darus can get five stacks on a
tank then flash W all to squishy out of
nowhere comparatively Olaf has to focus
on one person kill them then move on to
another kill them then move on to
another it's a very dragged out process
that's how you see most Olaf players go
after the squishy enemy backline even
after his mope but now he's even more
vulnerable to being shut down as all it
takes is aia's hourglass or any stall
tactic to run the clock on a short
duration ultimate Olaf's current move
set is best suited for playing front to
back but he himself struggles to play
front to back because he takes too long
to play front to back since Ragnarok
doesn't encounter tanks it only lets
them ignore them all the same they
couldn't rework Olaf to be a backline
diver since he's completely immune to
Crown control so he's stuck in a weird
limbo where his fun to back tank busting
is not as effective as others who excel
in that field which forces him to charge
head first at a squishy Target and try
to kill them before his alt expires but
they can't let him get away with too
much because there's no inherent
counterplay against a champion who
cannot be cced or debuffed if
hypothetically Olaf kept his ultimate
but took trin's qw and E he'd be even
dumber than trir at the very least you
can Perma stun Tren during his ultimate
against you can't all in all he's a
juggernaut who has to play like a diver
because he sucks at being a juggernaut
don't get me wrong he's still extremely
good against tanks and practically on
every tank top laner in the game as well
as some other annoying top Lan bullies
like Nar Gangplank and Chase but it's so
easy for all his pressure to go down the
toilet based on circumstance that he's
not consistent enough to be played the
funny thing is even though Brier doesn't
have CC immunity she does a better job
depicting that Berserker experience than
Olaf like Brier does a better job doing
Olaf things than Olaf himself maybe
that's just because she has Dash is and
hard CC while Olaf doesn't anyways that
wraps up everything I want to say let me
know your thoughts on Olaf in the
comments down below whether you agree or
disagree with my points aside from that
if you enjoyed the video I encourage you
to leave a like And subscribe don't
forget to follow me on Twitter at varsam
join my Discord server and check out my
other why know and Place episodes if you
haven't yet but until next time thanks
so much for watching and I look forward
to seeing you again soon take
[Music]
care
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]