don't go high enough to get over the
wall he's got to clear out both strant
low at 59
HP certainly is workable for
him avoids The
Haunt pushes the wall slowly creeping up
they're playing together
though can he get them both spots The
Gun Barrel one texture is it back to
back for case yes it
is of a good case of just again
punishing them for getting too close
into the site Jeremy's ripped out for
showstopper M been exposed they know
where he is and where is this coming
from and he Iron Man his way into a
victory maybe he does get a couple of
kills probably making jet boy's job
maybe a tad bit better as a lot of the
players are attacked down to five
bullets repositions he's down to two oh
my God he gets back into cover as well
all he has to do now is spine where Mako
is patience is a virtue and jit boy has
it and
Spades right on top planted I mean can
they even try to get away from this
position I don't think they can I think
they have to play right up close he
doesn't confirm the kill but there we go
will manage to make it happen that could
have been catastrophic
otherwise flip shatter now in the 1v3
finds the first gets the head shot the 1
V one versus bullets can he get it yes
he can but they have the advantage and
ban is low on
HP for now they're just trying to get on
all angles of this pin swing onto the
corner b going to be taken down borham
dead it's all on chit boys to see if he
can do what borham did before him it is
going to be held to halfen chit Bo now
on for the ace the push down he's got it
chit boy be overdriving here as they
take that Spike over to back
pillar playing close to Fast Lane coming
through just trying to rush forward get
ahead of that
one swinging around the corner put some
damage down here on NDG with the full
flash connect B manages to get the ball
how is he still
alive and what's going to happen thr
trying to keep the map Bay is going to
detain two members but it's still plenty
to go for the Defuse The Wall trying to
force the half out the DT just hasn't
finished just yet but NDG with the Train
the res comes back up it's still four
members the office is true Kon needs to
get the kills they hav't got that and
Kon with the firing range is it enough
tondo gaming comes in but it will be
enough time for J G to climb back up to
10 what a play from
Kon on yet try to hold here in heaven
cos to going to be invested that going
to try to push them forward here manette
finding one jumps back behind the wall
keeps himself alive and in the fight
here for for S but the short he wins it
out Zia player finding one before
getting traded out Mind Freak comes up
with the kill on the dash Ross he finds
something get taken out Divi trying to
hold here at backside he's in the corner
though and they can't stop him Divi with
three means absolutely
nothing you shut down instantly and like
you said is a tough situation
two reveals the two sees the reposition
lined up actually lined up entirely but
it is that Crossfire away EU brings it
to the one V1 it will be a monstrous
clutch and indeed it
is disgusting work by EU we extend his
hand it's still a 2v3 definitely
winnable allall committed slices up the
map in a very unusual way here bang
still going to worry about lots of
different
angles is going to be hearing them drop
down now making come information known
bang weaving in and out backwards here
Elis un aable to get the half on a
diffuse that's the pull the benefit of
all of thisable how does he win that and
now the wall working against him in his
face cryo that is
disgusting the cover removed the two
players left standing backs against the
wall removed and dropped two is there
that flanking Sak coming in clutch holds
it down toward main the jiggle spot here
the ASAS is drop down as what
what
unbelievable flash out wide stun still
up it's being covered show stopper it's
well earned now and out wide playing for
the fuse timer really biting his time Z
he's boasting he's backing them come
towards me if you dare but has he bought
enough time for the slam down finish as
fast ripping the head off T in through
the back now second Nowhere to Run
nowhere to hide Double D tching sassy to
is done on that
side no chance to use his utility
getting overwhelmed Slowly by G2 they've
got a high low setup and he's only got
36 HP to work with s how has he done
that one V one now
CL he's made magic
happen Corner out the show stopper right
to the feet takes them out boost steel
returns Spike planted one versus two
maybe a chance for it to be winnable an
eigh round will be a
dream that's a tough ask for him TS two
flashes one more smoke for
zelis it's a slow
play tucked
in here's the footsteps doesn't know
where they are exactly but strikes
correctly round
ended down and it tell the team like
it's going to get any
better jayzz on his own
bled with a flash on the swing buying
some time daring the challenge the first
one Falls no other util they're going to
swing
him and jayzz with the Red Bull clutch
it has taken mibr off guard plants down
operator watching and locked on to the
spike with Clos play by khil here
because his wall was used towards shot
there's that one V one he does see his
last opponent khil reposition now
between the pillars s by all around he
lands the shot the Red Bull clutch the
defuse and MBR elbow before zelus gets
here that'll never be expected Trent
hears the footsteps he knows zelus is
coming is zelus ready for this does he
have any idea Trent's just on the other
side how has he done that
zis now down to the 1 V one but he's
getting flanked is he aware knife
up
it's unbelievable lurks have actually
been owning Sentinel so far that they
have H is sticking this one though but
he can't on for long halfway where is
net can he make it in time no connection
T wins
[Applause]
it gets cancelled by nature but he
couldn't line up the other kills here
with the Vandal no all bangs coming
through Superman and Derek the
Vietnamese duo with Derek with the first
kill on to Les KN fold in coming out for
some information doubling up the fight
back towards the a site up on two it's a
one V one him and 2K eight bullets left
the spray comes across comes in for the
4K in the round and keeps ich alive in
this gamei may go all out that would be
such a gamble but look at him to all
these rotates so he's trying to get an
angle he's trying to get a surprise
attack here's our first jump spot here's
two crossing over the third one already
made it through so Sassi now has a
timing behind the three players allowed
Ro it in across there's a snake by
towards now being Watchers two and he
will have all the kit left now on his GE
kit the mar going down Force the halfway
out of position now Les fall there's
that thrash coming out too from the
front of the pillar and Les even has to
pull back towards the market it does not
hit him though but that clock is ticking
down
s away for the time gets it done and
Sassi wins a three on one against
loud Team Liquid need something and the
need it
quick combination now to the post plant
though Giving Up So Much sight space
yellow though still in the hands of koi
oh but it seems like koi still winning
out on the tray and they can afford to
do so Superior numbers Kiko what can you
do here you've got some time to work
with but there's only Shadow left and
he's got the hunter Fury oh Kiko you
tried it h but it's not going to be
enough and Shadow's just playing with
him toying with him one more short to be
delivered Kiko's got enough Health
Shadow is he too far away here no Recon
going inwards oh he spots out Kiko Kiko
wins it does he up enough time on the
spike again he might barely have it and
I think he does Team Liquid finally get
a second round as well onto Alpha
straight through the smoke a big kill
they can double down even further it's
only Chronicle left just one man
standing between them he's already
picked up the first and he's on his way
for the diffuser but it's guarded by
destrian who's caught changing weapons
and the low HP makes it easy what the
doctor ordered patinho going to find his
first there the captain going to go down
Yow J does find damage so it's all
traded back now he look towards the back
line hoodie and noie noie going to put
himself forward trying to play ahead of
this crack takes him down now we're down
to the final few but time is going to be
on their side they're going to be
working this as far as they can cloud
with it all to prove it all to do and
all of the shots going his way Cloud six
seconds Spike needs to go down and
Martin's holding down the mark and
that's cracks on the case in a 1 V2 as
he's already taken down one Shin tamagi
up against him can CRA do the magic but
yet another time can he get the defense
win for foot little bro taking off the
Left Flank as he covers the right info
given with that shot little by little he
eats it forwards up on the ledge and
foot finally win the defense round foot
on the back seat at a captain he's done
it before and he'll try and do it again
spike in hand but it's Dro to the floor
grx is insane a one-onone that he will
win perseverance for cracks and seven on
the board for foots and continue to do
so especially when they've got the
numbers Advantage SP
planted discipline necessary here and
forget it
Jak
points the one deated strikes again
three in the board for far away I why
didn't they
readjust it's an extra man almost right
that that's literally almost like a well
2.5 right yeah all you have to do is be
close enough to a to keep the abilities
online and they get a warning system
like whenever he gets somewhat close
this is this is a real blunder coming
out um Nar now opportunity backing this
is looking done and that is devastating
if that's how you go down hoodie just
powering forward it's done and it's over
he definitely does they're playing from
behind here massively so that's one pick
make that to the coordination from Team
Liquid is rough there so C is able to do
everything blast back out show ster in
camo all is needed is this man does it
all by himself no matter how many
players looking for the ace yamp stops
it from happening well there's 20
seconds and two players to deal with
it's not all over not quite yet he's put
tomb liquid to bed to quiet and yamp
with 18 points of Health has to read by
both of these players are and there's
one circulating right around him it's
shadow that Y is able to rate seconds
this is doable both Viper players are
low this might be a Topsy Turvy on top
of another one and with a spike planted
yamp can just back off he doesn't know
he's not 100% certain on shad's
positioning right now y's breathing
fresh air right now taking a breath
jados has to regress forward and yamp
gets the timing a Quadra kill for shin
those two kills valuable cuz they've
sent the rest of the
squad sight right into the waiting hands
of n into the waiting hands of tamazi
neither of which win their fight so it's
all onto him and Ace needed by Shin is
third already secured low HP on Benji
fishy it's doable for this young gun
he's swinging and a beautiful head shot
just 10 HP what
man not bad on the last one
either
[Applause]
spe
foree
for
[Music]
for
for