[Music]
no
no
w
I just wish you
[Music]
[Music]
knew
[Music]
[Music]
ha
that's
I just wish you
[Music]
[Music]
knew
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
a
yeah they threatened by my presence why
I keep guessing is it the money or is it
the fear which was more of a Leal weapon
you see the curses and the blessings I
see the purpose and the message yeah I
see it all top of the
world know I'm a world changer so as the
world changes I'm making his me so they
remember me that's why I'm so dangerous
they don't make them like me anymore got
from a that you couldn't afford if you
had it all you probably more so behind
the hatred I know I'm ad yeah I'm on the
top of the world there's nothing you can
do
about looking at what I become I never
became a coward nothing could stop me
you couldn't quench the fountain nothing
could get in my way I had to move to M
I'm in the top of the world top of the
world
of the world I'm on the top of the world
top of the world I'm on the top of the
world on top of the world top of the
world I'm on top of the
world people like us are different
that's SW I'm standing on the pill the
heels turn into villains and The
Optimist turn the real that's when
people turn to gorillas and Killers turn
into winners see they ain't concern with
your feeling cuz they know that anything
goes yo anything goes on top of the food
chain I don't know where you rank but
enemies necessar how we do things and
this is a new R making us CLE yeah we
got stakes in it yeah the grass green
but the stakes in them we all got
secrets that was take with us we all
want freedom so we chasing it yeah yeah
I'm on the top of the world there's
nothing you can do
about looking at what I become I never
became a c nothing can stop me you
couldn't quench the fountain nothing
could get in my way I had to move
the I'm in the top of the world top of
the world I'm in the top of the world
top of the world I'm on the top of the
world top of the world to of the world
I'm on top of the
world you better fuckle up yeah on a
whole another dimension
yeah top of the
world Bam
Bam boam
[Music]
Bam
yeah