if you're new to valerant then this is
the video for you because today I'm
going to teach you everything that a new
player needs to know to understand the
game and kind of learn the ropes in this
video I'll assume that you know
literally nothing about valerant and I'm
going to walk you through all the basic
concepts from the ground up my name is
Cypher I've been playing valerant for 2
years and since I've started I've
managed to solo qu from bronze all the
way up to Immortal and this is
everything I wish I knew when I first
started playing valerant the first thing
that I want to talk about is how the
game works so valerant main two game
modes are UNR and competitive but
there's also Team Deathmatch and
Deathmatch which are mostly used for
warming up there's Swift play which is
just a shorter version of unrated and
there's Spike rush and escalation which
are basically party games that are made
for fun now I'm going to walk you
through how competitive and unrated work
these two game modes are exactly the
same except competitive has a rank and
unrated doesn't overtime also works a
little differently in both of these
modes but we'll talk about that when we
get there when you queue into a match
before the game starts you'll be put
into agent select during this time you
and your teammates have 907 seconds to
choose the agents that you want to play
one thing to note about agent select is
that each team can only have one of each
agent so once somebody locks someone in
no one else can play as them by the way
don't worry we'll talk more about how
agents work and what they do in the next
section because I know that they're
super confusing as a new player so once
you and your team have chosen your
agents you'll start loading into the
game and you'll either be playing as
attackers or Defenders the attackers
goal is to get on to site and plant the
bomb while the Defenders try to hold the
site and stop them from planting by the
way the bomb is also called the spike in
valerant you're going to hear that a lot
so it's good to know if the attackers
can successfully get onto site plant the
spike and then stop the Defenders from
diffusing until it explodes then the
attackers win the round but if the
Defenders are able to diffuse the spike
then they win there are some other ways
that teams can win rounds both teams are
able to win by killing all of their
opponents and if the Defenders can stop
the attackers from planting by the time
that the rounds timer runs out then the
Defenders will win the round there's a
halftime 12 rounds in where the two
teams switch sides and whoever gets to
13 wins first wins the game it is
possible for games to go into overtime
if each team wins 12 rounds as I
mentioned earlier this is where unrated
and competitive work a little bit
differently in unrated overtime is just
the best of one so this is just a sudden
death round and whoever wins it wins the
game in competitive overtime is just
best of two where each team switch sides
every round if both of the teams win one
round then the best of two restarts
until somebody wins two rounds in a row
now that we know how the game works
let's go a little bit deeper and talk
about agents agents are the thing that
really makes valerant unique and when
you start off you're only going to have
five of them unlocked but you're able to
unlock more by using Kingdom credits
which you get for free just by playing
the game each agent costs 10,000 Kingdom
credits you can also unlock agents by
paying $10 but I definitely recommend
just doing the free version so each
agent in valerant has their own unique
set of four different abilities and the
agents are sorted into four different
categories there's dualist agents who
are kind of like the Brawlers of the
game typically their abilities are made
to help players win gunfights and take
space for their team team on attack
duels usually enter onto site first and
on defense they normally hold more
aggressive angles than other agents
there are also controller agents which
have smoke abilities smokes and valerant
are typically used on defense to block
off Main entryways onto site and on
attack smokes are often used to block
off angles that are commonly held by
Defenders when playing as a controller
it's best to not play very aggressively
and this is because your util is really
valuable so you don't want to die and
lose it another agent class are
initiators and what their util commonly
does is help their team find where
enemies are playing and clear angles
initiators util are also designed so
they can help assist their teammates in
gunfights with things like flashes and
stuns and because of this initiators
normally want to be nearby the action so
they actually have opportunities to help
their teammates the final agent class
are Sentinels and they're the closest
thing to a support role that valerant
has their util normally includes things
like trip wires which can help their
team hold parts of the map and Sentinels
normally shine on defense side you're
able to see what category each agent is
in by looking at the agent tab on
valerant main menu this also gives you a
description of all their abilities which
can be pretty useful as a new player you
can get the same information in game by
holding down F1 or you can get it during
agent select by hovering over an agent
so now that you have a general
understanding of what all the agents do
let me give you some advice on how to
choose agents to play as a new player
and how to learn their abilities so
which agent should you choose as a new
player this is kind of controversial but
in my opinion it doesn't really matter
who you play you're going to suck no
matter what as a beginner but if you do
want to start with someone who's simpler
I would recommend Sage or Brimstone now
how can you learn which abilities each
character has I'm just going to be real
with you guys there is no hack here the
best and only way to learn the abilities
is by playing the game it does take
quite a long time to memorize everything
but you can do it the next thing that I
want to talk about with you guys is
valerant weapons and economy these are
all the different weapons in valerant
and they all play their own unique role
while I'm not going to go super in-depth
on each gun I will teach you everything
that you need to know to kind of have a
basic understanding of the weapons and
economy at the start of each game every
player starts off with 800 credits and a
classic and with your credits you're
able to buy weapons utility and armor
there are a lot of different ways to
earn more credits you can earn them by
getting kills dying planting the spike
and winning or losing rounds you're able
to see each weapon stats by hovering
over them in the buy menu here you can
also see the minimum amount of credits
that you'll have next round which is
super useful for making sure you can buy
what you want in the next round you're
also able to see what your teammates
have along with their credits and this
is useful because it allows you to buy
with your team if you don't know what
buying with your team means it's
basically buying the same tier of
weapons as your teammates on the same
rounds as them and the reason this is
useful is because if your whole team is
able to buy good weapons on the same
round you have a much higher chance of
winning that round as opposed to if only
some of your teammates have good weapons
so make sure that you're spending and
saving credits on the same rounds as
your teammates a full buy and valerant
is the Best Buy that you can have full
buys cost 3,900 credits and it means to
buy a Phantom or Vandal with heavy armor
the Phantom and Vandal are the two best
guns in valerant these guns both have
their own pros and cons and the one that
you choose to use is really just
personal preference the biggest
difference between them is that the
Vandal is able to One Tap people from
any range and the Phantom can't but the
Phantom makes up for this by being
better for spraying enemies down I have
a full video that explains the
differences between these two weapons
and which situations each are best in so
I'll link that in the description for
anyone who wants to learn a little more
some other important concepts for
valerant economy are save rounds which
is when you and your team save your
credits so you're able to buy better
weapons in the next round buying for
next means to make sure that you have
enough credits for a full Buy in the
next round a save round and buying for
next are basically the same thing and a
bonus round means that you won the
previous round while using cheap weapons
and you're going to keep those cheap
weapons in order to build up your team's
economy so now that you have a basic
understanding of some of valerant
weapons and and how the economy works I
want to end the video off by talking
about how you can become a better player
my number one tip will always be to play
the game with valerant just like with
anything else practice makes perfect
there are some good resources to improve
faster one is by using valerant range to
get into the range just click on the
practice button on the bottom left of
the main menu and in the range you can
practice your aim by killing the Bots
with the shooting test option you can
practice attacking with the spike
planting mode and you can practice
defending with the spike diffusing mode
mode another good way to improve is by
using the team deathmatch and death
match modes these modes are good because
you actually play against Real players
in them and they're just really useful
for practicing all of the mechanics in
valerant and the last resource that I
want to mention is YouTube there are so
many highquality guides on just about
every subject imaginable and they can
really help you improve as a player so I
hope after watching this video you feel
like you understand valerant a little
bit more if you enjoyed it and it did
help you out make sure to drop a sub and
leave a like and if you want to keep
getting better at valerant watch this
video next Jackson if you were a new
valerant player what's the best tip that
you would give someone never take your
cross hair off of head
level boom you heard it ear first folks
I don't know just always keep it where
you think they're head oh you see what
I'm saying God