jungle is without a doubt one of the
more daunting roles to pick up
especially if you're newer to League of
Legends every other role sits in a
single Lane for half of the game making
them very easy to pick up meanwhile
junglers will have a ton of choices to
make while having the responsibility of
helping others and securing objectives
this can definitely be overwhelming
especially if you're a newer player but
jungle is extremely rewarding to play
and is one of if not the single best
role to carry most games on you have the
ability to single-handedly win the
entire map and believe us when we say
it's not nearly as hard as you think it
might B in this guide we will simplify
jungling so you'll be able to start
playing it instantly not only that but
we'll cover some of the best strategies
you can Implement to have success
immediately we'll be covering some of
the best starting junglers how to clear
your camps routes ganking objectives and
more and once you get a handle on the
basic skill cap will then be the perfect
next step in your Learning Journey we
actually just did a massive update
adding all brand new courses for season
14 take our new ganking course we not
only teach you all the fundamentals but
also every new gank angle with the
terrain changes in season 14 or take our
course on Jungle clearing we teach you
all the tips and tricks in the new
season that can cut down your clear Time
by up to 30 seconds the best part you
can try all of this completely risk-free
if you don't rank up while actively
using skill cap you'll get your money
back no questions asked so what are you
waiting for click the link in the
description below to get the rank you've
always wanted in season 14 all right now
first things first what Champion do you
pick whatever you enjoy or find
interesting that's always the fastest
way to improve that being said if you're
completely new then you probably don't
know what you even like yet so here are
some recommendations on what you might
enjoy if you're a tank type of player
who likes frontlining for their team
then you should look to pick either
amumu or Ramis they're both extremely
easy to play tanks that have tons of
crowd control and are very rewarding to
play if you're more of a fighter and
enjoy more brawly type of characters
then we'd recommend either zenzo or heam
as easy pickups or if you enjoy looking
for solo kills and assassinating targets
then an easy Champion to choose as
nocturn he's probably the simplest
assassin in the game to pick up and
start dominating with his long-range
engage is extremely effective especially
when you're playing against other
beginners as well and if you're
concerned that a beginner Champion
wouldn't be good in this game don't
worry in League of Legends a champion
being easy does not mean they're any
less strong than any other champion in
fact it's usually the opposite in this
game as a jungler you'll have to spend a
lot of time killing monster camps around
the map these characters have very
simple kits that let you do that easily
likewise their kits are very
straightforward you will more than
likely just run straight at a Target and
kill them they are extremely effective
for how simple they are to pil it oh and
by the way in case this is something
that interests you we have tons of
champion courses at skillcap and we even
upload 10 new Smurf commentaries every
week where a challenger will teach you
how to play each champion in the exact
drink you're stuck in cool so you picked
up your champion before loading into a
game make sure you pick the Smite
Summoner spell the game usually does
this for you automatically if you choose
to Jungle but just make sure you have it
anyways you literally can't clear the
jungle without it once you're in game
this will then let you buy one of three
jungle pets don't get overwhelmed these
are all exactly the same thing which one
you pick will change almost nothing in
how you play the difference is a tiny
buff they'll give you blue gives
movement speed red gives a bit of damage
and green gives a shield which one you
pick is mostly preference so just mess
around with them to see which buff you
like the most okay so what's the actual
purpose behind these cute little pets
well they're mostly there to help you
clear the jungle as you kill monsters
they will restore your health and Mana
which makes it so you don't have to go
back to your base all the time likewise
they will even deal a bit of damage to
the camp as well speeding up the process
almost everything the pets do is
automatic so you don't have to think
about it that being said there is one
thing you may want to track their
evolution your pets grow stronger with
time you'll notice the first time you
buy one of them that the item will start
with 40 charges in your item slots
whenever you kill a jungle Camp it will
feed your pet one stack once you get
your Stacks down to 20 your pet evolves
which upgrades your Smite now it's going
to do 900 damage to monster camps not
only that but you can now use it on
enemy champions for a little bit of
damage and a slow it's not much but it's
useful once you get your item to zero
Stacks your pet fully evolves your
monster damage will now cap out at 1,200
the best part about reaching this point
though is that your pet will now give
you one of the previous Buffs we talked
about this is a pretty big spike in the
game for for any jungler so make sure to
keep an eye out for when your pet is
fully evolving finally don't overthink
this mechanic a lot of players will hear
this and they think they need to spend
the whole game clearing camps to rush
these Evolutions if you spend a lot of
time not clearing your camps then you
just slowly build up a few treats this
small buff makes it so each jungle Camp
will give you Stacks depending on how
many you have so for example this
jungler hasn't killed any camps in a bit
so she has two treats when she kills the
gromp her item receives three total
Stacks basically it's a nice comeback
mechanic don't overthink feeding your
pets play the game as you think you
should and your pets will naturally
evolve over time okay we've spent quite
a bit of time talking about how you're
going to be killing monster camps so
let's discuss how you're going to
actually do that killing the camps
themselves is actually very simple some
camps have one Monster by itself but
some have multiple creatures to kill
regardless of what type of camp it is
you should always Focus fire the big
monster this is because your jungle pet
will automatically deal area of effect
damage to the camp as you fight it it
will naturally take care of the little
monsters for you while you focus most of
your spells and auto attacks on the big
one another thing you should look to do
is kite between your spells while
everything you have is on cool down you
can kite the monster around to minimize
the damage you take while your spells
come back up you don't have to do this
but it does save you a bit of Health in
the long run which can potentially add
up over time and we have an amazing
course on our website that will teach
you everything you need to clear like a
pro if you want to learn more anyways
killing the individual camps is not at
all the hard part of jungling it's
really easy to do the tricky part is
knowing the order in which you kill each
Camp so let's break down some jungle
routes to help get you easily started if
you're a complete and total beginner
then we'd recommend going into your
settings go to game and then check
display recommended jungle path this
setting will use data from the millions
of players clearing the jungle on your
specific Champion to show you exactly
what camps to clear and in what order at
the start of the game it's honestly
pretty decent if you have no idea what
you're doing and it will let you start
jungling instantly without any hassle
that being said you don't want to rely
on that forever at the very least you
should learn these following beginner
routes that are very easy to learn while
being quite effective okay so on your
side of the Jungle there are six total
camps the map is split down the middle
so there's three camps on each side to
understand your route you only need to
know about two two of the camps the blue
Sentinel and the red ramble back these
two camps give you powerful Buffs that
will help you tremendously throughout a
game the blue Sentinel gives you
effectively infinite Mana regeneration
and makes your spells come back up a bit
faster the Bramble back will give you
red buff which enhances your auto
attacks each Auto will apply slow and
deal extra damage needless to say these
Buffs are very nice and you'll want to
get them in your opening routes so let's
begin with one of the most basic and
effective routes the fast level three
for this route you will do blue the
gromp which is the fat frog next to it
and the red buff you can of course also
do the reverse the purpose of this route
is fairly simple this gives you the
fastest level three in the game while
everyone else is still probably level
two this is a very aggressive route the
point is to get on the map as quickly as
possible to start fighting and ganking
the lanes by the way if you're not aware
ganking is the term for when a jungler
goes into a lane to kill an enemy laner
this is your second biggest job as a
jungler there's another quick level
three route which simply involves
killing one quadrant of your jungle so
you can do either blue Grump and wolves
or you can do the red crugs and Raptors
doing either set of camps will give you
level three and let you gank just like
your previous route the only difference
is that you only have one of the two
powerful Buffs but that can be okay one
of the more common applications of this
route is the following you can clear one
quadrant of the Jungle then you pass
through mid lane you can gank or just
apply a bit of pressure it simply
depends on what's happening in that lane
this can be a very smooth transition
where you apply pressure but then
cleanly re-enter your own jungle to
continue clearing camps which brings us
to our final beginner route the full
clear it's exactly what it sounds like
you simply start on one of the Buffs on
either side of your jungle then you kill
all the camps in order this route
maximizes the gold and experience you
get earning you a very quick level four
we'll be honest despite how simple this
sounds it should be likely your default
route in most games as a beginner it's
probably the most consistent thing you
can do you still get both Buffs letting
you gank or fight afterwards while also
maximizing your own income the beginner
routes themselves are fairly easy to
learn but we haven't even talked about
the most important thing when it comes
to your opening route you always want to
think about where you're going to end up
think about the previous routes like
this in the quick level three route you
start on the top side of the map on Blue
then you end up in the bottom side at
Red in a single quadrant start you start
on top and end in top in a full clear
route you start in bottom but you end in
top and so on this is the important part
you want to pick your route based on
where you want to end up which depends
on which lane you want to gank first
which brings us to the biggest issue
you've got to figure out how are you
even supposed to know who to gank first
there's over 160 unique champions in the
game as of now and that means that the
amount of unique matchups possible in a
lane are almost endless even players who
play all day every day don't know how
every lane matchup is supposed to go so
how are you as a new player supposed to
know what Lane to pass to and gank the
answer is actually extremely simple all
League champions can be categorized
easily into one of two types A Champion
is either melee or ranged you don't need
to know what half the cast of characters
do as long as you figure out which one
of these two basic categories they fall
under here's why melee Champions have a
big problem during the lane phase where
they are forced to walk up to kill and
last hit minions constantly one of the
easiest things to look out for when
deciding what Lane to gank is a melee
vers melee matchup this means that both
players will have to walk up to the wave
to last hit which very likely results in
constant fighting happening because they
have to come face to face with each
other all the time if both sides are
constantly fighting this means they'll
either be low on health or in the middle
of a fight making it very likely you
score a kill when you pass to these
matchups on the other hand if you have
two range champions in a lane neither
side has to get that close to the wave
to farm the minions these lanes are far
less volatile and can be harder to gank
what about when you have a ranged first
melee match up what then well in most
Lanes like this the range Champion is
very likely zoning the melee off last
hits and farm while the melee player
tries to survive all the harass early on
usually this results in the range player
pushing the way very aggressively
towards their opponent's side of the
lane so the answer is simple if you have
the melee teammate versus the enemy
ranged one then you should almost always
path towards them ranged characters are
typically very squishy and have low
Mobility so by overextending they are
leaving themselves very vulnerable and
on the other hand melee Champions
usually have some sort of Gap closer or
crowd control ability this makes their
follow-up to your gank very effective
basically pathing to a lane where you
have a melee teammate versus a ranged
opponent is very often going to result
in a kill okay but what about bot link
there's like four different Champions
down there how do you know what to do
then when looking at a bot matchup a
simple thing to do is to only focus on
the support players since both ad
carries are typically going to be
Marksman the way the matchup goes is
usually dictated by the support picks so
in this example nocton has a pike
support that is a melee Champion there
vers Yumi a range Champion therefore it
made sense to path down here since the
enemy Lane was likely going to play
aggressively and leave themselves
vulnerable to a gank again these
guidelines aren't perfect but they'll
give you at least a decent idea for what
to do every game okay now that you know
how to path early on and which lane to
gank all that's left is how to actually
execute the gank properly to likely
score a kill the first thing you want to
look for is pushing waves before heading
into a lane take a quick look at the
state of the wave if the minion wave is
too close to the enemy Tower a gank is
very unlikely to work unless your
opponent is already low on health but if
the wave is far away from the safety of
their Tower then this will obviously be
a great opportunity to go in the next
step is to cut them off newer players
will instinctively run directly towards
their opponent but this is wrong when an
enemy player sees you come into a lane
they are very likely going to retreat to
safety immediately and that usually
means running to their Tower your goal
should be to cut off their escape
instead rather than running directly at
them this will force them to go through
you to get to safety increasing your
chances of scoring a kill all right next
up go into your settings and enable show
timestamps right here what this does is
add a game timer for when something was
said in chat flash is a Summoner spell
that is taken by laners nearly 100% of
the time and it's a great defensive tool
to get away from your ganks when someone
escapes you this way press Tab and left
click their Summoner spell this will
time it in the chat flash has a 5-minute
cool down so you will now know the
precise timing you have to punish that
player for having their flash down
finally while knowing what to do is
important knowing what to avoid as a
jungler is often just as if not more
important the number one thing to look
out for is massive waves for example
let's take a look at this game from a
bot laner perspective as the enemy
jungler comes into Lane look at the
massive minion Advantage this player has
despite this being a 2v3 situation he
feels confident going in and committing
to the fight easily turning the gank
around and scoring three kills minions
deal insane damage early on into the
game do not over Force ganks when your
teammate is at a big minion deficit or
you run the risk of the gank being
turned around a simple guideline you can
follow is that you have to respect big
waves early on but you can start
ignoring them at around level six or so
once Champions have become much stronger
and of course there's more to ganking
than we can possibly cover in just one
beginner guide so if you want to learn
more I highly recommend taking our new
season 14 ganking course on our website
Okay so we've thoroughly covered the
early levels at this point but what
about after your first clear what do you
do after level five or so where the game
starts becoming chaotic you will have so
many camps to farm Lanes to gank
objectives to take how do you possibly
know what to do all the time as a
jungler well the single most important
thing to jungling properly is learning
to be efficient with so many options
available on the map it's easy to get
lost and make decisions that don't get
you any kills or Farm causing you to
fall very far behind the solution is
simpler than you might think as you
proceed through the game you want to
look to impact areas that are near
available jungle camps so for example
let's say you notice that two of the
enemy laners are pushing the enemy top
and Bot are both playing very
aggressively at the same time all of
your top jungle camps are down whereas
the bottom camps are up then your answer
would be simple you would path towards
the bottom bottom side of the map as
this gives you more options by going top
if the gank doesn't work you've got
nothing else to do you're stuck there
with nothing to farm and you'll be sad
but if you go to the bottom side of the
map even if your gank doesn't work
you've still got camps in the area to
farm and keep yourself powering up
another thing to keep in mind is that
the routes you take will naturally
repeat so often you'll just be redoing
what you've already done in the exact
same order before we show you what we
mean let's explain something quickly
these symbols on the map over your camps
give you very useful information this
symbol means that a camp is alive if
it's this gray out hourglass it means
that the camp will spawn in under under
1 minute and if it's yellow this means
that the camp will spawn shortly in
under 10 seconds if you don't see these
icons you can turn them on by clicking
show neutral camps in the settings this
sometimes turns off randomly which
confuses newer players so make sure that
it's on okay now that you know that
let's explain what we meant before take
a look at this noct's opening route he
does a full clear by doing red kugs
Raptors wolves gromp and blue a little
later we can see his crug Camp will be
respawning soon so he recalls and heads
over there as he does kugs the camps he
did previously are respawning in that
exact same order that he cleared them
initially so he basically redid his
opening route except without the two
Buffs those have 5minute respawn timers
anyway redoing the routes you did
previously as the camps respawn is
usually a good sign that you're being
efficient in your pathing if you notice
this happening then you'll know you're
doing something right moving on to
objectives we're only going to cover the
ones you can take by yourself early
dragons void grubs and the rift Herald
are what you need to know let's start
with the simplest one first dragon
spawns at 5 minutes and can be one of
six different Elemental DRS killing each
gives a different buff as you can see
here an important thing to note about
these is that the Buffs they provide are
fairly minimal they matter but not
really the real point of securing
dragons is to stack up four which will
give you a massive buff based on the
random element that happens in that
specific game so what does this mean for
you well as a jungler you can secure the
dragon by yourself fairly easily after
level five on most Champions we'll talk
about when you should do this in a
moment but there's not much to the
dragon fight just keep hitting it and it
will die also don't worry if the enemy
jungler takes a dragon as we said the
individual Buffs are decent but not
gamebreaking it's fine to concede one or
two up next are void grubs these cute
little guys will sound a bit confusing
so we'll try to break them down as
simply as possible three of these will
spawn in this pit at 5 minutes into the
game as well killing a void grub will
give your team extra damage when hitting
Towers these have a respawn timer of 5
minutes after you kill them the damage
they give your team will ramp up based
on how many of them you kill after
killing five your entire team will now
begin summoning mites when they attack
structures five gives you one and six
deack summons two mites this is
obviously very handy for pushing Towers
fighting them may seem a bit scary when
they spawn a million little monsters to
hit you but your jungle pet takes care
of those easily so don't worry about it
it's important to know that some
jugglers will struggle to kill all three
grubs at the same time this is because
killing a grub will give a shield to the
others this fight can quickly get out of
hand and is the only early objective
that can be difficult to take if you
feel like you're going to struggle in
taking this objective then keep in mind
that you don't have to take all three
only six grubs can spawn per game and
the big spikes happen around five and
six Stacks it is completely acceptable
to go to the camp take a single one and
just leave if you feel like you won't be
able to take the entire camp for
yourself then it's a good idea to deny
High Stacks from your opponent it's very
easy to take one at a time and get get
out at 14 minutes if all six scrubs
haven't been slain they will despawn and
the rift Herald AKA Shelly will take
their place so how to kill her is
actually very simple Auto attack her
down and wait for an eye to open up on
her back the following is extremely easy
to time properly you want to wait for
her to Auto attack you then loop around
to hit the eye doing a huge chunk of
burst she'll also occasionally do these
huge windup swings they're very easy to
avoid just rinse and repeat these steps
and you'll take down Shelly easily you
then want to pick up her eye she drops
and it will replace your trinket keybind
now you can summon her anywhere to push
a Tower automatically for big damage you
can also ride Shelly and crash into
Towers yourself dealing a bit of extra
damage and summoning some knes the
objectives themselves are not that
complicated but what can be tricky is
when to actually secure them many
players believe that junglers are solely
responsible for every single objective
this is because you have the Summoner
spell smite since it does a crazy high
amount of damage to monsters it's
usually on you to get the last hit on
the objective when it's being contested
to secure it however the responsibility
is definitely not yours alone objectives
are without a doubt a team effort as a
jungler you will without a doubt
experience toxicity around this at some
point pay them no mind but there are
some things you can do to help secure
them a little more consistently a thing
many junglers do is start objectives
randomly because they feel pressured
into doing them like this enemy rangar
for example he was trying to take the
void grubs at a random time so nocturn
and his teammates can collapse on them
they not only lose the fight but now the
objective is also gone as well trying to
secure an objective randomly like that
is asking to throw the game away the
objectives themselves aren't hard but
they are fairly tanky it takes around 20
to 30 seconds to do an objective if an
enemy happens to be in the area they
will easily kill you because you're
going to be low on health and cooldowns
not only are you dying for free but
you're also giving away the objective
you were trying to take as a general
rule always wait to start an objective
until you have some sort of advantage
over your opponents as a counter example
to the previous jungler this nocturn
ganks the enemy mid laner and scores a
kill now his teammates have a momentary
numbers advantage on the map while the
enemy is dead this is a good timing to
secure Dragon for free you don't need to
kill someone to do an objective just
make sure you have some sort of
advantage that you can leverage for
example if all of your teammates are
winning and pushing in their Lanes this
means they're freed to move and help you
do the objective another thing to look
for is something known as cross mapping
this simply means when an opponent makes
a play on one side of the map that you
do something on the other side of the
map for example if the enemy jungler
gangst your Bot Lane you have a
momentary advantage on the top side of
the map to take the void grubs and this
finally brings us to our final topic
invading your opponents obviously have
their own side of the jungle as well and
you are allowed to go in there and take
some of their camps this is extremely
valuable to do if you can do it think
about it like this every Camp you take
is not only an extra camp for you but
you're denying one from your opponent as
well it's effectively double the value
for each Camp you manage to steal it's
of course risky to do this so invading
will follow the same rules we outlined
for objectives you simply need an
advantage to play off of before you ever
invade the simplest example would be
when you're stronger than your opponent
if you feel confident in your ability to
duel them then go fight them in their
jungle to take their camps the same
rules we covered for objectives also
apply here if you have a numbers
advantage in the area then that's a
great time to invade or if you see the
enemy jungler gank your top laner then
you can cross map and invade their
bottom side jungle to take those camps
like we said it's the same rules as
before just make sure you have some sort
of Advantage before doing a risky invade
and of course remember if you want to
get the rank you've always wanted in
season 14 then go to skillcap tocom we
have all brand new courses that are
updated for the season 14 rank clim
still skeptical don't worry you can try
us out completely risk-free if you don't
rank up while actively using skill cap
you'll get your money back no questions
asked you can unlock this gamechanging
opportunity right now through the link
below so what are you waiting for click
the link to get the rank you've always
wanted in season 14 all right and that
will wrap things up here at skillcap
want to thank you for watching and we'll
catch you in the next
one