how to play with less Smurfs here's
something about the rank system you
might not knew about in competitive Fant
the system tries to make the pre-made
team sizes as equal as possible this
means that if you play Duo for example
and you get queed up with a treeman team
then there's a higher chance that you
also will play against a Duo que and a
three man this system is good to create
equal team play and team morale but it
has two problems the first one if you
play with friends often the ranks of you
and your friends are not the same and
because the ranks are not the same it's
harder for the system to create balanced
teams that's also the reason why it
takes longer to queue if you que with
friends and the second problem imagine
you want to play with your buddies but
they are silver and you are Platinum oh
no the rank Gap is too big you have two
options you can play a normal game or
you can create a Smurf and sadly a lot
of people would go for the second option
because Normal games are not that fun so
overall if you play solo que you get
more balanced teams than if you play
with friends