got some pretty big Buffs in the micro
patch as well uh he's sitting at around
46% win rate if you track day by day
he's up to around 46% now expected to be
around like 46.5 by the time uh 0.1 hits
uh ultimately uh we'll talk about this
later because he's actually in this
patch uh ha of course still observes a
pretty low win rate uh that said his
Mastery curve is one of the sharpest in
the game um certainly measuring any
Mastery curve statistically in the
modern day is going to be filled with
biases let's say there's another
champion who's a hard to play as way
let's call him air and you know if you
want to play Air for the first time you
have a lot of footage of how this
Champion is played what the play
supposed to look like what your build is
supposed to look like what your room is
supposed to be all that kind of stuff
and so you can come in and even if he's
hard to play you at least have some
understanding of what this Champion's
supposed to do how you're supposed to
play it um haai doesn't have that and so
anyone's first game on him is going to
have even less prior knowledge than your
first game on Yona or your first game on
Zed or your first game on katarino or
your first game on anyone else so