here are best Omen smokes for ice box as
sight the first smoke is if you're
holding pipes you can smoke top of pipes
right here and you can hold this angle
and it becomes really great when we
smoke the enemies won't really see
anything the second smoke is if you're
holding from right here you can smoke
the top of this box like this and it
becomes a really nice smoke for you to
hold this angle the approaching enemies
can't really see anything until they
expose themselves too much to the site
and you have already killed them by then
the third smoke is for a postplant
situation if you have planted your Spike
right next to generator you can drop
your smoke on top generator like this
and becomes a really nice smoke to see
if someone is diffusing or not you can
use the smoke to easily kill the
diffuser