[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
hey man how the hell you doing I've been
just fine living life with the new stand
in my mind all I hear is music watching
your mouth move damn you look stupid I
feel like everyone's a stranger small
talk with your narcissistic neighbor
she's real hot but they said they never
date her H I agree but you did and I
hate her you want to get away you better
get in line won't go another day of
wasting any time I've got a lot to say
can hold it in this time got no filter I
got no filter no filter I got no filter
no filter I got no filter no filter I
got no filter no filter I got no
filter hey man can I get a favor dck
sure I know see you later
sometimes I just want to be a hater got
to wash down the top 40s with the Chaser
your voice starts feeling like a waiter
scraping my mind get your chees grater
before you go sir you have to sign a
waiver that's all right I'm aware of the
danger you want to get away you better
get in line won't go another day I'll
wasting any time I've got a lot to say
can hold it in this time got no filter I
got no filter no filter I got no filter
no filter I got no filter no filter I
got no filter no filter I got no
filter
[Music]
living life every day later night not
okay all I want and I pray all I need
are some better days me I'm looking
in the mirror so foggy but I've never
seen clearer I don't really think anyone
can save me and honestly I'm not really
sure I want saving I like to be My Own
Worst Enemy there's no risk if you don't
try it anything so I'mma just get by and
everything see you in the next life up
to be a better me I don't think that my
heads on straight got to flip it and
grip it and go and get an x-ray what