which is more expensive valerant or CS2
which is more the prime Vandal or this
lovely gentleman I think the prime
Vandal is more expensive because the
lovely gentleman looks like a normal
battle pass skin battle pass in CS
that's whack you are correct the Vandal
is more expensive the new Konami knife
or an operation Bravo case I'm going to
go for a risky one and say the box is
more expensive because they're usually
hella pricey you are wrong I'm sorry the
Glock from valerent or the Franklin
Glock from CS I think the Franklin Glock
is more expensive only because it has
cash on the skin and The Valor o doesn't
you are completely correct the Konami
buddy or the swag sticker it has to be
the swag sticker surely I mean it it has
a whole ass dollar sign yeah you're
completely correct again bro you're on a
roll the Arcane sheriff or this Factory
new deagle midnight storm I'm going to
go for the Arcane Sheriff I mean it
looks cool and it was an exclusive you
are completely wrong