my blade is
yours I'll be showing you guys now my
settings cuz a lot of people ask for
that and this is going to be a free
coaching I'm just going to give you
advices on what I recommend to do what I
think personally is good and yeah what I
have been using for quite a long time
I'll be showing you all the settings I
do use Now settings first of all hot
Keys everything of course quick card
I do have e on um or I don't have to e
anymore okay my my four is my trinket I
have it
here I think that's very um P like that
really depends on what you personally
like I will be showing you what my
settings are here I have my um my
trinket on four and I use my stopwatch
on my mouse there's a a click or like a
extra key on my mouse I will be using
and here I always use the stop stopwatch
I'm just the fastest because I don't
need to use my other fingers the next
thing abilities very simple I do not use
ctle um qwe to Max I use alt the reason
why I do that is so my Thum from the
space bar where my Thum always is um
it's always on the space bar you see and
it's way easier for me to put the Thum
from the space to alt to level and then
instantly going back to space instead of
going with the pinky finger all the way
down to Surf so I always use my Thum to
Max my skills and I would recommend you
guys to do so as well then the rest is
everything simple I'm just going to
scroll down you can check it take a look
at yourself taret Champion only I have
on T so when I press T whenever I do
attack people what I do is I always use
my a to attack move I will get to that
in a second and whenever I use Target
Champions only what I do is I press t
with the with the um with one finger
doesn't matter which one and then I just
quick right click I don't do I don't do
a anymore I do right click because a
gets very confusing with Target
Champions only and if it stands right
behind the tower for example here it
will actually be like that that I press
Target Champions only and it's very easy
to always attack him okay next thing I
want to explain also pretty useless Pro
useful useful probably is um okay items
doesn't matter I think it's very normal
then I have player movement here I don't
use attack move um player attack only
click I use attack player attack move
click that means I don't have a like a
circle behind my attack move I just do
attack and when I kite I use attack and
then I click right click so I always mix
it up attack and I attack the nearest
Target and then I right click it's very
simple and it's just the best um not
only for me personally there is
generally the best if you practice that
you will climb the highest with that
camera control of course using the F
Keys very important space always for
myself I never play with Z so it's
locked camera I always do play with
space whenever there's a fight I just go
back to space I me right at me
again then we have display nothing
special
communication I just Perma ping that's
just normal wherever you want to have
your communication that is really
depending item shop everything practice
tool the rest don't M doesn't matter
video here these are just my settings
that's very personal I do want to always
have a shadow off off I will show you
look there's a shadow behind me and that
gets very confusing I would recommend
everybody also for lasting look if you
look at this picture it's easy to lastic
but the Shadows are confusing if I put
the Shadows off it's easier to last it
because it's way more clear who is where
and how much HP
what this is just personal again I like
this one I have it for years so I just
keep it sound I personed setting so it's
always the same when I want to add
something music is always off because I
don't like the music here if I want to
change it then I will change it just
manually whatever I feel like
doing interface you see I will have
everything H very high cursor scale is
high shop scale pretty not too big it's
still very big it's for sure enough chat
scale 100 I need to communic properly
mini map scale is very high I I don't
know why it's so [ __ ] big big but
it's just good if it's big you get used
to it and it's very clear for me to look
at it because 80% of the time I play the
game one of my eyes is on the mini map
or like both of my eyes so I need to
look permanently on the mini map so I
just like it to have to have it big and
I um if I need to see more of the entire
picture here I just move my camera here
a little bit and I don't need to have
the extra Circle here around the mini
map all right then we have and the rest
is very simple you can just
clip it or look at it whatever you feel
like and I have game here Mouse be 30 I
used the DPI 3,750 I think um using a
Death Adder Elite coma Mouse I think and
Camera this is now very important the
the camera movement with the mouse now I
did have it like on 40 50 in the past
but that is too little you're way too
slow with that what I recommend you to
do is first of all use the F keys to
look on the map then use the mini map to
look on the map and then use the mouse
like this but this is too slow if you're
doing if you're doing R buff and you're
watching mid L that takes too long until
you actually see something when for
example playing nocton so you should be
getting it to 75 but if you do it
instantly to 75 what will happen is is
probably way too fast for you and you
get confused yourself so what you should
be
doing what you should be doing is um
increase it slowly Ls I'm LS great coach
taught me that back then when you're for
example at 50 you do 51 then you okay
play the game next game you do the 52
play okay get them play the game and
after like 20 game you can also do that
in 100 game slowly getting up you will
eventually be fast enough to be 75
consistently and that is the best
anything further than that is not really
needed it is just way too fast and it is
of course again personal I don't think
you're going to improve way more I have
never ever needed it or I had struggle
problems with it at all I never needed
it to be faster than this this is
absolutely perfect and I do have the
perfect control of this these are my
settings hope you liked it guys hope
jaale does clip it and upload
sit and tomorrow of course we will be
streaming the finals against team agarin
it's going to be really cool I can't
wait it's going to be very intense games
I already can smell it best of five
going to be very interesting and after
the tournament tomorrow no matter if we
lose or win I will most likely restart
the stream with no delay and then play a
little bit of Zolo qu enjoyment jungle
practicing for the season start Monday
and Tuesday I will not be streaming I
will be preparing for the streams and on
Wednesday start I will be streaming
every single
day 10
hours perfect remainder of your days
guys I will stop here appreciate you as
a person as an individual as a human
being and hope you will be there on my
stream tomorrow at 5:00 p.m. when we
play the finals
[Music]