why play Echo mid well he scales into a
late game Beast he brings tons of burst
damage his wave clear is brilliant and
he is very hard to kill he does struggle
from behind needing item to scale into a
late game beast and if locked down he
becomes far squishier not being able to
use his ultimate echo's passive is his
attacks and damaging abilities apply a
stack of his passive when on two stacks
applying the third stack deals a chunk
of extra damage and if this is used
against an enemy Champion he also gains
a massive burst of movement speed echo's
Q is a StraightLine skill shot which
deals damage to enemy's hit after
traveling a set distance or upon hitting
an enemy Champion the ability will then
slow down while slowed down it will also
slow nearby enemies before shooting back
to Ekko dealing damage again to all
enemies hit and as this damages on the
way out and on the way back in it can
activate his passive twice echo's W has
a passive where his basic attacks still
bonus damage to enemies below 30% Health
echo's W throws out a circle onto the
floor after 2 seconds he then bats the
device towards it and after 1.25 seconds
it then expands and when it expands all
enemies within the circle are slowed
however if Ekko enters the circle he
gains a shield and all enemies within a
stunned instead ekko's ears an auto
attack reset when used it dashes him in
a direction and causes his next attack
to gain bonus range and blink him
towards the target dealing additional
damage ekko's ultimate has a passive
where he's followed around by an image
of himself from 4 seconds ago upon using
ultimate he enters stasis and heals
himself before dashing back to this
image and upon arriving he deals massive
amounts of magic damage to all enemies
nearby for combos your go-to is choose W
and then assis deploying use e and then
Dash onto your opponent follow up with
the Q and ensure both parts hit while
spamming away with more attacks and a
fun combo to use is use W and then run
past it before alting back to it from
here Auto attack into your e then Auto
attack again into Cube spamming away
with more attacks for matchups Echo does
great into squishy Mages as when he's
got a few items he can easily get onto
them and blow them up however he can
struggle against tanky and mid laners
who we simply can't assassinate for
runes take this electrocute makes your
burst even better for build orderers
start ringing pot into a rocket belt and
Tier Two Boots after this aich Bend into
a storm surge of great pickups before
finishing a build with any of these as
needed for skill orders start Q then e e
than W before maxing Q then e than W
taking ult whenever you can for Summoner
spells take Flash and ignite starting
the game your main focus is always going
to be on getting as much Farm as you can
to scale into a late game beast and one
of the most important decisions you're
going to make early game is if you're
going to shove the lane in or let
yourself be shoved in echo's wave clear
with this que is brilliant so this is
really something you can decide so if
you want to apply pressure push out the
wave however if you want to play safer
let them push into you from here look
for Windows for good trades if you have
a large minion wave and your opponent
doesn't or they use the key ability use
W go in with e throughout your queue for
massive electrocute damage before
backing away and from here you're
essentially wait until you get level
seven and N so you can push the wave
quickly and start roaming and during the
mid game your Bot Lane will come mid
which puts you into a side lane this is
brilliant for Ekko and he really suits
this play style push out the wave as far
as you can safely and either keep split
pushing for pressure or group up with
your team entering late game team fights
you want to play the Assassin role and
get massive value from your W they throw
W in the middle of their team and look
to dash on and backline carry when you
can stun multiple champions from here
after blowing them up you can zus into
ultimate to keep yourself safe and deal
tons of additional damage to their team
team