in today's guide we're going to help you
find your main Champion with over 160
different Champions to pick from in
season 14 it can be a bit overwhelming
trying to choose one but my promise to
you is by the end of this guide we'll
have narrow it down to a select few
Champions that you'll love to play
whether you're a new player returning
player or just looking for a new champ
this guide has got you covered and once
you lock in your main if you want to
supercharge your improvement then head
on over to skill cap.com we have the
largest collection of Premium courses
tailored for every single role take our
course on getting diamond in 30 days
over 35 star ratings from satisfied
customers saying how this one course
alone is worth their entire membership
or take our course on the best way to
Jungle in Solo CU Perfect festar reviews
with users saying how this showed
exactly why they were stuck at their
rank the best part you can try all of
this out completely risk-free if you
don't rank up while actively using skill
cap you get your money back no questions
asked so click the link in the
description below to get the rank you've
always wanted this season all right so
starting us off we have top Lan known
for attracting Summoners who just want
to be left alone while they bash their
opponent to pieces and it's no surprise
that's why the most popular class of
Champions in this role are what's known
as Fighters The Fighter class contains
Champions that have a nice balance of
both damage and tankiness and there are
three fighter subclasses will go over
first are the lane bullies these are
champions who are strong early and fight
for Lane dominance right from level one
constantly looking to trade and fight in
Lane this can be pretty fun since who
doesn't want to start the laning phase
immediately crushing their opponent as a
general rule though the stronger you are
in the early game the harder you're
going to fall off in the late game this
means aggression and generating early
leads and snowballing is going to be
expected of you but the bigger the risk
the bigger the reward when executed well
you'll find yourself getting satisfying
early wins Garen and Pantheon are the
two piics we recommend trying out second
are the split pushers these are
champions that will scale and become
hyper carries as the game progresses
they're kind of the reverse of the lane
bully where instead of going aggressive
and dominating the early game you'll be
dominating the late game one distinct
Hallmark of these Champions is the main
way they apply their power it's going to
be through sticking in a sid Lane by
themselves not grouping with their team
think of this as the Lone Wolf class you
want to take things that your own pace
and end the game in your own way nases
trinere and Jack are great picks for
those trying out this subass for the
first time and for the third and final
fighter class are the Jack of all trades
instead of being very strong in the
early or late game these are champions
who just kind of good at all phases they
are typically a bit more useful in team
fights as well compared to the other
fighter subclasses these are great
champions for those who don't like to
feel restricted or forced into a certain
play style due to the champion they're
playing snowballing early scaling for
late team fighting or split pushing they
can all be viable depending on the game
you're in this can also be a great
starting point for those new to Top Lane
as a whole since you can end up using
these Champions to find what kind of
play style you enjoy and then later
switching to one of the bullies or split
pushers once you realize that's how you
want to play Mizer and set are the
recommended starting point for those new
to the subass now maybe you're someone
who doesn't want to role play as the
main protagonist of the story and
instead wants to be the unkillable raid
boss they have to defeat well that's
where the always needed tank class comes
in the tank class has three sub classes
to pick from first are the offensive
tanks These Are the Champions that that
are looking to land those big epic
engages That Swing fights in their favor
whether it's something a bit smaller
like catching out a champion and locking
them down for your teammates or making a
huge play with your high impact ultimate
in a lot of ways you're kind of like the
battle commander as you'll be deciding
when your team goes in if that sounds
appealing then we recommend trying out
Mal fight and or the second subass are
defensive tanks these are champions that
are looking to protect their teammates
with their big body rather than crush
the opponent now don't get me wrong
defensive tanks still have ways of
engaging and making picks but overall
their design is done in such a way that
you'll more often be using your
abilities to help peel enemies off of
your carries essentially instead of
being proactive and pulling the trigger
on a big malate ultimate you're more
reactive waiting for the perfect timing
on your alt to save a teammate so if you
like the idea of being a tank but don't
like the pressure of having to engage
these are likely the champions for you
Poppy and Shen are the picks we
recommend for newcomers and our final
tank subass are the fighter tanks these
are champions who typically have lower
impact ultimates but in turn are
stronger in smaller skirmishes they
aren't as relying on their teammates for
following up as they not only tank
damage but dish it out as as well these
are perfect for players who like the
idea of playing a tank but still want to
be able to carry without having to rely
too much on their teammates Dr Mundo and
volibear are two great starter champs
for the subass now maybe you like Top
Lane itself but Fighters and tanks
aren't the Champions you enjoy playing
well this is where the ranged carry
class comes in it has two sub classes
the first are the ranged attack damage
carries these actually play a lot
different in Top Lane compared to when
you play them in a different role like
bot or mid since so many top laners are
melee playing one of these adcs means
you'll actually be extremely strong in
the early levels often able to bully
opponents with your range advantage in
fact despite some of the champions in
the subass being typically associated
with scaling late game like vars and
vean you actually will have more in
common with the lane bully fighter
subass with the ranged Advantage you
have early there is an expectation for
you to generate a lead if you fall
behind or go even in most matchups that
means you may just be run over once the
enemy hits level six and gets access to
their ultimate as you'll be too squishy
to survive this subass is perfect for
players who love playing range carries
but hate having to play them with a
teammate in bot Lane they're also great
for players to enjoy a mechanically
demanding Champion as positioning and
kiing is key if you're curious and want
to try out the subass we actually
recommend starting with Quinn as they
have a lot less mechanical Demand on the
player compared to the others now
standing beside the ranged 80 carry is
the ranged ability power carry in
function these are very similar to the
ADC class we just went over however
there's one key difference the AP carry
will typically bring a lot more to team
fights therefore for players who enjoy
playing the Champions found in the
subass but dislike having to play them
in their more traditional role mid where
they can often face assassins and longer
range Mages that they may find to be
unfun kenon is the one we recommend
trying out and finally we have our final
top Ling class the Specialists these are
champions that are so unique they simply
don't fit into any of the other
traditional molds typically these
Champions have a small but dedicated fan
base around them and if youve tried out
several other classes of Champions and
found them to be a bit too vanilla and
boring while then trying out champions
from this subass may be what you've been
looking for all along moving on we have
the jungle roll within jungle the
fighter class is the most prevalent
providing a good mix of damage and
tankiness and it has five sub classes
first are the early game Fighters these
are champions that will look to
aggressively gank Lanes early and
Snowball the game if you want to start
impacting the game as soon as possible
then these are the junglers for you the
main downside is you typically won't be
super impactful in team fights and will
fall off as the game gets later zenzo
serves as a great introduction to this
play style second are the midgame
fighters these are more well-rounded
Champions that are often giving up a bit
of power in the early game in order to
have a bigger power Spike once they get
their ultimate at level six you'll often
be farming a bit more than ganking in
the early game because of this but are
rewarded by having a stronger mid game
and team fighting ability nocturn is a
great started Champion for this play
style third are the late game Fighters
there aren't too many in this group but
your primary focus will be farming up
with weaker gangs than the others even
when you hit Level six you'll typically
be more damage focused so think of less
of a big ultimate that swings a fight
and more just shredding down the enemy
with high DPS Master E is the starter
champ that we recommend for the subass
next are the fighter Mages these are
ability power spellcasters who are more
tanky than your average Mage instead of
a typical attack damage fighter play
style of jumping into fights to tank and
damage enemies the fighter Mages have to
be a bit more strategic with when and
how they use their abilities their
abilities will often have more crowd
control than the other Fighters so there
can be a bit more of an emphasis on
Landing that big alt or ability to make
a pick on an enemy rather than just
straight diving in and Stat checking
both Fiddlesticks and Lilia serve as a
great introduction to this play style
and finally our fifth subass the fighter
tank these are similar to The midgame
Fighter subass except they give up some
of the damage to become more tanky this
is a great choice choice if you're the
type of player who leans more towards
enjoying being a tank rather than a
damage dealer but doesn't want to fully
commit to a pure tank poppy is a great
place to start next we have the assassin
class hiding inside fog of War only to
pop out and One-Shot targets if that
sounds fun to you then you should look
to main an assassin jungler do be aware
though usually assassin junglers will
lean slightly more on the weak side in
the early game running straight into a
fighter class champion level three and
expecting to win probably won't work in
your favor however if you just
strategically pick your spots you'll
only need a few kills to start snow
balling the game two great Champions to
try out to see if you like this play
style are kha'zix and Evelyn and if
instead of one-shotting people you want
to be unkillable well then the tank
class is for you tank junglers are
typically equipped with a lot of crowd
control this means they may not be as
strong as fighters in the 1v1 but they
still have strong ganks not only early
on but also once they Spike level six
the tank class is not only great if you
like well the tank archetype found in
most games but also if you want a more
relaxed chill approach to the game this
is because there's no pressure for you
to snowball as you'll always be useful
whether you're ahead or behind this is
due to you having really high impact
ultimates and abilities that can always
swing fights amumu and Ramis are both
great for first-time tank players and
then we have the true Mage junglers
unlike the fighter Mages these guys
usually have a complete lack of
tankiness however they make up for it
with a massive amount of AP damage
you'll typically have good scaling and
team fighting but be a bit on the weaker
side in the early game it's similar to
the Assassin play style with less of an
emphasis on having to snowball through
kills often just with good farm and
keeping Pace with the rest of the game
will be enough for you to have high
impact in fights we recommend trying out
this play style with brand as carus and
Talia can be very mechanically taxing in
comparison and then we have our 0 carry
junglers there are only two that fall
into this category but they've always
been consistently strong through
League's history these Champions are
actually quite unique as they not only
scale extremely well but they also have
very strong early games due to their
range Advantage so if you enjoy the role
of jungling while also the play style of
an ad0 carry then definitely give one of
these Champions a try and finally we
have our jungle specialist with only one
Champion falling into the category Iver
ivern is basically a jungle support but
it's just so unique you can't really
just label him that alone for most
players it only takes one game of Iver
to know whether you love him or hate him
however I would say if you're a player
who loves the traditional support
archetype in games while also enjoying
the jungle role then Iver was likely
designed specifically for you moving on
we have the midlaners which is mostly
dominated by spellcasters or just High
burst champions in general Mages are the
most popular class having four different
subclasses to pick from the first is the
burst Mage these Champions are all about
catching that one squishy Target out and
deleting them from the game in one spell
rotation so if you like the idea of
blowing up your opponent in a split
second then these are for you both Annie
and Ari serve as the two best champions
for becoming familiar with the subass
next is the control Mage these are less
about one-shotting opponents and more
about controlling parts of the
battlefield with either crowd control
AOE damage over time or all three if you
like slower paced more strategic fights
then these are the champions you want to
main Nivea or aelan Soul are great
starter picks as the others can be quite
mechanically demanding the third subass
are battle mat these are typically
Champions who have lower range and get a
bit more close and personal with the
opposition they're usually a bit tankier
than the other Mages but not by that
much in order to survive in the close
quarter fights their abilities will
grant them crowd control healing or
immunity rather than just phase tanking
damage Vladimir Swain rise and copia are
more about outputting consistent DPS in
the mid-range while malahar and landre
have more burst damage and are more
about making picks we recommend trying
out malahar or Vladimir to get a taste
of each type of battle mage and the
fourth and final Mage subass is the
artillery mage these Champions typically
outrange every other champion on the
rift their abilities typically are skill
shot heavy and so having good aim is key
to playing them well often you'll either
be poking enemies down from a distance
or Landing your one crowd control
ability to make a pick and burst someone
down Lux is definitely the most
approachable for players new to the
subass the second most popular class of
midlaners are the Assassins since a lot
of squishy Champions are played in mid
lane along with mid being the center of
the map giving you great Rome
opportunities assassins will find a lot
of success played here they could be
very feast or famine though with so much
burst damage in the midlane roster often
you'll be in very skill-based matchups
where either you or the opponent will
get a kill and snowball early if you're
new to the style of play and we actually
recommend starting out with either cadin
or Talon as they're much more beginner
friendly then we have the 80 carry mids
what's interesting is with Mages and
assassins being so prevalent in mid lane
it actually leaves open 80 carries to
bully those matchups early on before
they get items needed to come online so
if you enjoy playing 80 carries but just
like how when you play them in bot Lane
there's a lot of waiting to scale to
become relevant well then you should
should try one of these midlane 80
carries you keep in mind though they can
be volatile when you snowball an early
lead you'll dominate the MAV but if you
fall behind expect a lot of gray screens
due to the high burst damage found in
mid Tristana and corki are great picks
if you're trying out this class for the
first time and then there's the fighter
class these are midlaners who typically
are a bit tankier while doing more DPS
rather than just pure burst these are
perfect for people who have tried some
of these champions in Top Lane but found
it a bit too boring with having to face
a lot of tanky Champions that neutralize
the lane since there are are so many
squishy champions in mid you'll often
have more of an opportunity to get kills
and snowball they also typically play a
lot like an assassin while being a bit
more forgiving since he won't be
One-Shot as much Diana and yon are what
we recommend trying out and finally we
have the midlane Specialists these are
champions that are so unique they don't
really fit into the other traditional
classes for that reason they're pretty
polarizing and usually after one game
you'll know whether you love them or
hate them heading down to the bot Lane
let's look at our 80 carries or as Riot
calls them marksmen marksmen have five
subclasses the first being the lane
bullies these are adcs that have a
strong early game and will be looking to
crush their opponent right from level
one now like other roles stronger early
game Champions usually are weaker later
but it's a bit different with Marksman
in general ad0 carries have good scaling
regardless at least in comparison to
other roles so just don't get the wrong
idea you can pick a lane bully and it
won't mean that you end up completely
useless in the late game two Champions
we recommend to beginners wanting to try
this out are Tristana and Caitlyn next
we have the hyper carries these stand
opposite to the Lane bullies these are
champions who are typically weak or
early but have some of the best scaling
in the game if you're someone who
prefers to chill in the landing phase
and look to make an impact in team
fights instead then these are the picks
for you for beginners we recommend Jinx
and Zia then we have the utility
Marksman these are champions who use
crowd control to swing fights in their
favor don't get it twisted though they
can still do massive amounts of damage
instead usually what they're giving up
is mobility in their kits in order to
have that crowd control if you like the
Marksman class but hate having to wait
for your teammates to initiate fights
well these picks are for you we
recommend starting out with Ash if
you're a beginner and then we have the
mobility Marksman this subass of adcs
are typically very slippery and hard for
opponents to pin down they can be
incredibly fun to play but usually
demand a high mechanical skill in order
to Pilot effectively if that sounds up
your alley then we recommend trying out
Lucian or Ezreal then we have the final
subclass of marksman the Jack of all
trades only civer resides in here and
it's due to the fact that she's kind of
good at everything but doesn't excel in
any one thing in particular well except
for wave clear if you're new to The
Marksman class as a whole and feel a bit
overwhelmed civer is always a good pick
to fall back on and then we have the
skirmisher class these are champions
that usually have shorter range than
most marksmen and instead of raining
down damage from range prefer to get
into the thick of things they'll often
have one key defensive ability you have
to use well in fights in order to lplay
opponents in close range if getting in
close to brawl with opponent sounds
appealing to you then we recommend
trying out kaisa or Samira and finally
we have the Mage class these are ability
power carries and can be good picks if
you enjoy bot Lane but dislike Marksman
and prefer the play style of a mage in
general Mages in bot Lane typically have
a we weaker early game in comparison to
traditional Marksman however they do
have a powerful mid game Spike and late
game scaling the two Champions we
recommend starting out with are ziggs
and Swain and finally we have the
support role so let's break down the
different Champions you have to choose
from beginning with the tank class which
has two subclasses first are the
offensive tanks these are champions who
look to engage and catch out opponents
or land that Big Al to set up a winning
team fight in Lane you're typically
waiting for that moment where an enemy
overextends than jumping on them to
burst them down with your 80 carry that
sounds appealing to you the Nautilus is
a great Champion to try out first second
are the defensive tanks these are
champions that are still tanky but
instead of engaging on the enemy carries
you're more concerned about protecting
your own Rah is a great pick to try out
to see if you like this play style and
then we have the catchers these
Champions are similar to the offensive
tanks but they want to make picks on the
enemy with powerful crowd control spells
however overall they're usually
squishier but as compensation get more
damage in their kits Blitz crank is our
recommendation if you're trying this
class out for the first time moving on
we then have the enchanters These Are
the Champions usually most associated
with a support role with heals and
shields their main concern is protecting
their carries and keeping them alive
sraa and Jana are both fantastic picks
for trying out this style of champion
now if doing damage is more appealing to
you well then you'll want to try out the
artillery Mage class these are supports
that constantly poke enemies down in
lane and often have one crowd control
ability that if they land can let them
one shot squishy Champions their
abilities also typically scale a lot
more with items than other traditional
supports Lux is who we recommend trying
out for beginners now if you like the
sound of of doing damage but prefer to
burst rather than poke from distance you
should be looking into the burst Mage
class these Champions have less range
than the artillery Mages but usually
either have more upfront burst or more
AOE damage in their kits letting them
team fight better brand and Zyra are
both great choices for trying out this
class and if you still want to do damage
but don't like playing squishy
characters well you should look into the
battle mage class there's only one
Champion found here Swain but he's
actually a great option for those who
want to do more damage than a tank while
not getting one- shot by enemy carries
and then we have the 80 carry class of
supports as crazy as it sounds there are
a few adcs that can be played in the
support role Ash does the least damage
of the three but brings a lot more crowd
control than the others twitch is
basically just pure damage and Senna is
a nice mix of damage utility and healing
and shielding to protect your teammates
our recommendation is to start with
Senna if this play style sounds
appealing to you and finally we have the
support Specialists these are champions
that are so unique they don't really fit
into any other class for that reason
they can be polarizing and usually after
one game you'll know whether you love
them or hate them all right and remember
if you want a improve and see results
fast in season 14 then come join us at
skillcap tocom we focus on the things
that actually help you climb ranks and
simplify them so they're easy to
understand we have the most extensive
collection of Premium courses that are
tailored for every single role still
skeptical don't worry you can try out
skill cap completely risk-free if you
don't rank up while actively using skill
cap you get your money back no questions
asked so what are you waiting for start
season 14 with skill cap by your side
and click the link in the description
below to get the rank you've always
wanted all right and that will wrap
things up we here at skillcap want to
thank you for watching and we'll catch
you in the next one