hi everybody this is kefren your
favorite French Canadian today I'm going
to show you how to boost your FPS in
League of Legend in 2024 the new patch
the 14.1 we're going to start by
optimizing Windows after that we will go
inside of the luncher and we're going to
finish with the game so now the best
setting for Windows for gaming so first
of all we're going to search for game
mode in the search bar make sure that
game mode is activated for the past like
year it's pretty good uh you're getting
a a decent performance and you're going
to make sure that all your resources are
focused on the game that you're playing
for the Xbox game bar I still recommend
to dis activate this one causing
stuttering crashing in some games so I'm
not a huge fan of the Xbox game bar and
for the capture make sure that the
background recording is at off and also
the record recorded audio is at off
another thing that I recommend it's the
artware accelerated GPU scheduling make
sure that you're searching for graphic
setting you will need an Nvidia card
1,000 series or more recent it will
really help with bottleneck so if you
have a 1050 1050 TI 1060 even the 2060
you can expect a nice 2 to 5% boost and
also you can expect like less stuttering
when you're using that so I really
recommend to use
that another thing that is really
important it's your driver make sure
that you have the latest driver from AMD
Nvidia even intel if you have an igpu on
your processor um so for example here
with AMD you just click check for update
and you're going to show you if you have
the latest one you can do the same thing
with Nvidia another thing that I can
recommend with the um Nvidia and AMD
they have an image scaling uh for the
past like a couple of month um for from
AMD it's called super resolution and for
NVIDIA it's NIS I have dedicated video
who's going to like show you how to use
that and how to configure it but to
explain you quickly what it's about uh
so you need to enable this so for
example I'm playing uh in 2K because my
monitor is in 2K I'm going inside of my
game I lower the resolution at 1080P and
the software will scale it back at 2K
and with this process I can save like 15
20% in my FPS also you can do it if you
have like a 4K manther and you want to
do 1080p or 2K uh you can expect a nice
boost the image quality will not be the
same if you compare with Native but in
some game it's working very well and you
it's very tough to see the difference so
I I recommend to to use it if you're
struggling with your
FPS so if you have an Nvidia card just
go on your Nvidia setting go to control
panel open it go to manage 3D setting
and just use pretty much this setting
that I'm currently using honestly
they're pretty much default so the first
one that you need to change is your low
latency mode if you have this technology
make sure that it's at on the other one
is your if you want to lock your FPS uh
for example you have like a 170 HZ
Monitor and you want to stay in your
g-sync R uh range sorry you just put
your uh FPS here at like something like
167 something like that you want to be
under 170 HZ to always stay in your
gsync range so if you want to do that it
will do that for all your game it's a
global setting over there so I'm going
to unlock it and this is pretty much it
if you have access to the change ECC
State I recommend to uncheck it this
will slow your vram so you don't want to
use that for change resolution make sure
that you're playing native so you're if
you have a 2K monitor go with 2K if you
have a 1080p monitor go with 1080P and
super important look at your refresh
rate a lot of people are missing this
step they buy like a new screen and by
default it's at 60 so use the uh maximum
refresh rate that is available on your
uh monitor the last parameter will be
your g-sync so I recommend if you want
to use g-sync I recommend to first of
all you need to enable it and I
recommend to use the enable for window
and full screen so if you're playing a
game like in borderless mode it will be
applied also you can select just one uh
display screen depending on whatever if
if you're second screen is not
compatible with gsync you will just push
it to one monitor uh me I'm not using it
I have a 49 KN uh for my GPU so I just
want to unlock my FPS so in majority of
the game I'm getting like 200 50 FPS and
um my monitor refresh rate is at 170 HZ
so I just want to lower my input lag so
that's why I just unlock everything but
it really depend on your situation so
this is pretty much it for
NVIDIA another thing that I recommend
it's your energy profile so write energy
in your search bar go to Power option
make sure that you're running something
like balance or I performance um on a
desktop computer should not be an issue
but if you're playing on a laptop really
make sure that you're using that or a
special profile for performance uh from
your brand like Asus or whatever the
thing is sometimes when you plug your uh
PC in the wall unplug using it with the
battery sometime it stay at power saver
and you don't want to use that when
you're playing a game so super important
to be plugged in and also uh to use a
proper uh performance profile another
thing that I can recommend it's the
intelligence andbus cleaner this is a
software made by the guy from ddu uh um
it's it's pretty amazing honestly um it
will help if you don't have a lot of ram
in your PC so if you have 4 gig of RAM 8
gig 12 gig uh after that you should be
fine Windows is doing the job properly
so it will free memory and it's going to
make sure that it optimize your standby
list so what I recommend normally it's
look at your total memory here in my
case it's 32 just divided by two so for
me it's 16 just press start and it will
run automatically and you just lower the
software like that and you're going to
make sure it's optimized so it's a
really good software and also it helps a
little bit with uh stuttering so I
really recommend to use
that one last thing is um I have
dedicated video on my Channel about
overclocking CPU overclocking GPU
depending on your brand and stuff and
it's pretty good because it there are
basic overclocking guide I don't touch
voltage so it's pretty safe you can
expect sometime 2% 10% boost in your FPS
depending on your termo depending on
your component but it's it's some
something that you need to look at too
if you want to optimize your PC um for
the best performance so now let's go
inside of the
game so now the launcher we're going to
go to setting nothing new if you compare
with last year so the first one is in
general if you're struggling with your
luncher you don't have a good computer I
really recommend to go with the low
speec mode over there it will help you a
lot when you're using the game client
also I recommend to disable the esport
notification those one one can take more
resources from your computer and the
last one is for the game you have an
option called prefer direct X9 legacy
mode you can run you can still run
direct X9 if when you play the game but
honestly it's for very old computer like
you're having a computer uh 8 9 10 years
old I recommend to go with direct X9 but
if you don't have like a really good GPU
example at 1050 TI don't use that mode
uh just run the game as you supposed to
be and we're going to change some
graphic rer inside of the game to
optimize your FPS so now let's go inside
of the game so now inside of the game so
first of all make sure that you're
playing the uh Native resolution from
your monitor so don't lower your
resolution you will see that the game
looks very blurry also super important
use full screen when you're playing the
game don't use borderl or window it can
cause starter ring after that you have a
couple of parameter that you can change
over there so first of all maybe start
it at performance and we just going to
change it over there so we're going to
put it like this so qual uh character
quality honestly you can run easily
medium I just saw like 1% difference uh
in in those different bracket after that
I and very ey I saw 2% difference in
your FPS so medium is a good setting to
run 40 quality and quality I recommend
to go with low not a huge difference
between very low and low honestly and
it's a little bit better for your visual
um for effect I really recommend to go
with very low you don't want any drop in
your FPS when you're playing the game
when you're doing spells and stuff like
that so this one is very important and
the last one is the shadow if you
compare very eye to offs you can expect
a nice 12% boost in your FPS so
definitely Shadow should be at off this
is like pretty much like very basic
setting uh it really depend on your rig
honestly so if you're not struggling to
to run league you have to understand
character quality is not a huge deal
like I said you can definitely improve
your environment quality at medium and
effect I'm not a huge fan of it honestly
it's causing some drops so really need
to look at this after that uh for the
amount of FPS you can definitely play
onap if you want me I like to cap my FPS
with the amount of hers of my monitor I
don't want to generate more eat also in
my computer so if you're playing on the
laptop or something like that sometimes
it's good to lock your frame rate with
the amount of FPS I'm not a huge fan of
analizing in this game looks a little
bit blurry and also you can gain 4% in
your uh FPS so I uncheck it and the last
one is the vertical s you don't want to
add any input lag in your game so when
you're doing spells and stuff like that
so that's why I just unchecked this one
one other parameter that it's really
important to uncheck is the enable
screen shake this one is cause too much
noise when you're playing the game so
definitely you can uncheck this one so
this is pretty much it guys for my
League of Legend 2024 Peter if you have
any question just comment in the YouTube
section post me your rig CPU GPU and RAM
I will try to help you the best that I
can and don't forget to subscribe to the
channel peace