hey everyone my name is CA professional
League of Legends player and today I'm
going to be reviewing M4 between Eko and
Blacklist I already did a review on M5
and that's down in the comments below so
go check it out if you want to I learned
a lot about mobile Legends Pro play when
I did M5 and we're going to see how much
better I am at M4 listen you're not
going to find any review like mine
because most people that review mobile
Legends have a lot of experience with
Pro play so everything I'm saying is
from the perspective of somebody that
plays other moas don't blame me guys
just educate me in the comments if I'm
incorrect okay I'm trying my hardest to
learn and make educated guesses and
figure out why people are doing what
they're doing and I'll give my opinion
also if I say somebody's bad there's
nothing personal about it I'm not trying
to attack anybody it's just from my
perspective let's go ahead and watch it
here so out the gate I don't really
recognize anybody except carlc I guess
he looks like uh there's people in M5
that have the same thing at the end of
their name which is yatsi or something
like that so I don't really have anybody
I'm rooting for in this I also know both
teams are from the Philippines I can see
it up in the top and I am actually
familiar I actually had the opportunity
to
meet the team owners I believe I metant
the team owners of both of these teams I
know I met Ekko I'm pretty sure I met
Blacklist too Blacklist was with uh T1
right and I was I was with T1 for a
while I'm not
anym so uh let's go ah and take a look
at the picks I will be trying to include
the draft in future games but I wanted
to start the video already in a game so
that we had action coming out the
game we have uh bro I don't even know
what hero wise is
using I legitimately never see that hero
in any of my games maybe at the time it
was a pretty meta hero for M4 but uh I I
rarely ever saw that hero we also have
uh
the what's her name Harley or whatever
her name is she not Harley Harley is the
card throwing guy I don't I don't
remember harth yeah they also have harth
as ad carry they're going for the turtle
here okay so so like I'm noticing here
that when so this is really interesting
to me already out the gate with this
Turtle here is when I reviewed M5 the RS
sat in mid and tried to get level four
so that they can contest a turtle there
was a lot more juggling of the turtle
and M5 than I'm recognizing an M4 out
the gate and I don't know if that's like
a meta change or if players learned
something new you know what I mean like
I'm not too sure about that but that's
the first thing when I noticed uh who
was it Sonic vers uh uh AP Brin AP Brin
would often start the turtle and just
hold it for their owns this is already
like way more
like way more Lane oriented than I saw
before Jesus oh that was so close that
was a big headit by the way I have no
idea who wins this I don't know
Blacklist wins or
eeko oh but I remember one of them got a
skin for AZ I don't remember which one
though I'm not sure if there's enough
all wait are these the new
emem I wonder if they had the maybe they
didn't have theem
back okay what else we have we have
farsa farsa has always been a pretty
confident character so in general I
really I really like that pick Edward is
using um banetta but I don't see her
much I don't think she's very good same
for Matilda I don't really see her much
I think she's okay but I I think that
not so good other team we have lapulapu
Eve uh I mean right team looks St like
when I look at the when I look at this
and I have to pick a team that's going
to win out the gate even though Ekko is
losing right now I feel like they won
the draft they have really solid engage
they have e for zoning but they don't
really have any damage dealers do they
because they don't have a March their
team comes really good but they have no
marks and Blacklist has a marksman
inherit I think that this is like I
don't know the meta must have been much
different back then when I was watching
this isn't that
Lun but that does not look like's
abilities oh nice nice kill already out
the gate
here
me one thing I noticed is that the M5
all right another turtle dude it's so
fastpaced like it's so fastpaced how
fast those Turtles spawn compared to
League of Legends like in League of
Legends you get a dragon every six
minutes and I I I believe the first one
spawned at five minutes actually it's a
dragon every 5 minutes not 6 minutes it
spawns at 5 minutes too we've already
had two turtles at 5 minutes in it's
crazy so let's see what's happening here
Echoes down pretty significantly but the
thing about mobile legends that I see
compared to League of Legends is the
players can always come back like much
easier it's much much easier yeah dude
that b q doesn't look like lunox but his
picture looks like
lunox no it is
lunox
yeah I thought I thought she was the the
Healer but she's playing luno actually I
wanted to try some luno I think I have a
skin for but she was really hard for me
but apparently she got to rework
I still don't know oh my
goodness I don't know her it
does cuz I never see it I'm telling you
man far is such a solid
pick up top this is difficult because we
said for Echo for them to win they have
to win the lanes here in the early game
not exactly the story because I I tell
you what so far from the first game that
I've seen I liked M5
more like it felt M5 felt way more I
don't know I felt way more in the zone
when I was watching M5 compared to
watching M4 M4 is not
a The Meta The Meta and M4 just feels
weird to me the way that they're like
sitting in the bush and stuff like this
is just really weird I really like this
at all okay so lunox is going to be
their marks I still think that Ekko has
a better team comp
here yeah like they're missing a
marksman but lunars can easily make up
for it I
think really at driver SE Turtle camera
okay so Blacklist is constantly starting
to Turtle reminds me a bit of AP B they
got three people top and they're letting
the turtle go I'm actually curious how
much gold they get from Turtle cuz I
always put a lot of value on Turtle but
I don't actually know how much it gives
you oh man they're fighting on the
turtle
too how are they fighting on the turtle
oh it's 3v3 top 2v2 bottom oh my
goodness now want to
play I don't I don't have enough normal
games of play rank though maybe I should
fix
that oh they're still going on the
turtle I don't really know what the
dinosaur guy
does oh dude Lapu lau's kicking butt oh
I didn't see how much a turtle G and
there we go Eko is in the
lead I'm telling you man echo's just got
the better
comp you know what's Wild to me is that
that Panda Skin's already been out for
over a year I remember making a video on
that skin crazy how fast time
passes ice queen one Ice Queen's been
change I mean I don't know what happened
Ekko just randomly decided hey we're
getting back in this game
here so far I don't see anything that's
making me like have hating hateful plays
or anything like that everybody's
playing pretty decently I think wise is
doing a very good job of securing the
turtles even though I think they missed
the turtle but he tried to secure the
turtle let's put it that way so far I
like all the gameplay that I'm seeing
here maybe that's why I was more
comfortable with M5 because it just felt
like some of the players were like
obviously to me they were they were
obviously doing things that I could like
criticize but here I don't really feel
like I have anything to criticize I feel
like the players in general are playing
very
well ywi is their Rome I'm hasn't yes so
he's playing Lolita so to me when I look
at ywi it reminds me of uh the Rome key
boy it reminds me of key boy so key boy
would often put himself in position to
kind of act like a word but I felt like
key boy got caught a lot and so far it
looks like Y is doing a very good job of
not getting caught while also proving
vision and I really like
that pushing it in there
Panda so far
161s
game rank first in average kill so far
16 plus plus because the way that they
attack the game the way that they
approach it okay so wise is aware that
they can't contest the Lord but he knows
they're there it's a little bit face
checky in my opinion to go up there
Edward's coming nobody's splitting so
this is a thing I got a lot a lot of
people said really bad things to me
about uh about split pushing in
M5 the thing is when it comes to split
pushing it's not that I dislike split
pushing it's that I feel like people
need to make a decision between split
pushing and showing up at the Lord like
if we look at this situation here this
is way more comfortable with what I like
so if you watch my M5 like review where
I'm reviewing it I complain a lot about
people that are split pushing instead of
showing up to the Lord to do the Lord
and a lot of the viewers were really
angry at me saying that oh they're split
pushing all they the Tower or whatever
but the thing is is I don't mind the
split push what I do mind is if you have
like a pakito that's like pushing in the
top left lane and he needs to keep
pushing because he can't get to the Lord
in time and then he turns and he goes to
the Lord that's that's my problem is
when people can't make it to the Lord
and they should continue split pushing
or they should go to the Lord not split
push so don't give me wrong I know the
value of split pushing split pushing is
a very good strategy in League of
Legends as well but I think that at
least what I saw in like M5 is that a
lot of players didn't understand when to
stop splitting that that was my problem
they didn't know when to come up to the
to the objective here also Ekko is doing
really great this is what I'm saying
about the team comp I feel like Ekko has
everything they need in their team
comp overall I really like the game
playay that's going on right now I think
everybody's playing pretty good um I
think benedetta needs to be splitting
now to catch waves which she is now they
have the Lord up here because if she
doesn't yeah now she needs to head back
here which is fine I think she's doing
really well okay there we go now you see
here this is this is what I'm talking
about with like Blacklist is they wait
until benedetta gets there before they
try to engage right when I was watching
M5 a lot of what I saw is the people
were trying to engage while they were
missing a player which is again why I
was so angry with the split pushing
and I I think that just comes down to
the teams don't have good
communication but I feel like the
players here they I feel like they do
have good communication here that they
are understanding the goals and the
objectives and they're not forcing
fights that they shouldn't be forcing I
I tell you this gameplay makes me a lot
happier
alreadying
without
eage
fight e at least cleared all the waves
okay see like nobody got caught out here
which is great because when I again when
I watched M5 I see people getting caught
out or people in the wrong area by
themselves where they can get caught out
so this is this is really good gameplay
here by the way let me know if you guys
did watch my M5 review let me know what
you thought about my M5 review hopefully
I can shine a little perspective of my
opinions there so it's not just pure
flame I had people telling me to go back
to Legends if I don't like ml or
whatever I love mobile Legends I I like
this game a lot and it's just the thing
is is I'm not familiar with the pro play
so I have to use my League of Legends
background when I'm judging play
right that's
uh that's what it is it's not that I
like LOL more than mobile Legends or
anything like that League of Legends
pays my bills but I like mobile Legends
it's just League of Legends has such a
history with me that it's easy for me to
judge this game play bed in my League of
Legends gameplay so we see here that
they're grouping benedetta is splitting
so what what I'm expecting here is the
blue team does not contest the Lord
right because benedetta is splitting and
that's that's fine it's okay for
benedetta to split as long as her team
doesn't go in on the L and I feel like
Blacklist is all on the same page here
and that's what I expect from a team so
far I am really impressed with the team
even though Blacklist is losing they're
not doing dumb things they're working
together as a team and I don't feel I
don't feel any player is overshadowing
another or anything like that I I think
this is some really quality gameplay
still I'm still feeling the quality G
they know where everybody's at they know
not to get caught out
here yahi is basically functioning as a
warden stop now okay sanji's A little
aggressive Mains because is his like
what
15s looking at but yeah so far so good
okay had G's a little bit up but he did
manage to get away so it's F they're
just waiting for the Lord to push in
which is
great okay now the panda I don't know
what Panda's doing this is right here
you know how I said like
uh okay he's he's kind of splitting but
the thing is is I feel like the panda
should be up there in the
fight and maybe let somebody else kind
of split because like he is during gam
right and he is kind of needed for that
little bit greedy here and as expected I
did expect eeko to win purely off of
their picks there so that's fine it
works out and the first game goes to
Ekko very
nice that's about what I expected there
all right let's go ahead and push
through it's a best of seven
right okay so let's see if we can uh
push our way into the draft I'm going to
just go and Skip through
here that's
a that is a big bump in views over here
looks like recap they have very much
matured and I like that I said before
they learn fast and they learn I can't
really see the draft phase so I'm just
going to comment on the pick I know it's
not the same as if you see what's banned
or why it's banned but again you have to
remember I don't have much mobile
Legends professional experience so I
can't understand exactly why people are
Banning something or denying something
and The Meta is about a year old from
the time of watching this so I don't
exactly know so we have
freden as the jungler we have Hai okay
these are old masteries or old emblems
because I can see he's using jungle one
uh Hai on Valentina Lolita I think
Lolita is just so strong we have ohab
okay so
overall uh Blacklist team looks very
good I'm I'm really I'm really happy
with their team comp they have Beatrix
which was really strong Marksman at the
time I remember she was in every game um
they have Edward for a lot of burst
magic damage Lolita for some solid
engage and stun and then they have
fredin as well that's just really good
for engage and Valentina is also very
strong at this time so overall it's
really good the enemy team has
farsa uh glue they have that dinosaur
guy I still don't know what he does uh
that's bro right and then uh the
Franco um I'm looking at it and I
honestly I really feel like Blacklist
has the edge in the team comp here if I
had to pick a team comp I one I would
personally I would rather have the
black wait is this a
mid is this mid or is he getting
exp I can't tell who the Rome is okay so
here we go let's see if they're like M5
where the RS are trying to get level
four to join the
turtle okay yeah so the Rome okay yeah
so the Rome tried to get level four for
turtle nice SM or retribution okay so
everybody's level four here so this is
something I didn't realize when I watch
the M5 videos is that the RS weren't
putting themselves at the Turtle
immediately because they needed to level
up and you would think I would notice
that but it didn't really make sense to
me I never play
Rome and let's be honest Sol RS have no
CL what doing
anyway all right so this is that
Marksman versus Marksman up here lots of
roaming coming up
here the Mage making some good roam
that's why I love playing mid you get a
lot of clear and then you can just push
mid
in trying to come up for a sneak
attack can his own mins I can't
remember oh it's going to be kind of
crazy Valentino's going to be able
to
sanj and
mid
between there's no one spamming tptp saw
a lot of that in
M5
heino sniper still confirms the Gold
crab that was an insane calculation man
an insane micro play by OAB right he he
knows exactly how it was going to go
down even with the snip there he knows
exactly how it's going to go down okay
bro it was 14 HP difference let's not
say and pretend that was calculated want
to a little bit about the embl because
in terms of
all right going up for the RO there lots
of bush I find that like compared to M5
there's so much Bush work like people
are way more passive in general I find
for the bushes M4
but I haven't I I I watched M5 like two
weeks ago so you know it's not
super okay so everybody's roaming to the
turtle this is what I love to see this
is great I love this I love what they're
doing this is so
good that was really well played by
black
there so what I really like there is I
really like their uh their engag peeling
but unfortunately they didn't get caught
out a little
bit man Fara Al is crazy right how I can
barely reach out of range it's actually
eow wait wait wait EO took the
turtle wow yeah that was a big win for
Echo this vetrix alting waves and stuff
I love
it bro the thing is when I watch these
kind of games it makes me want to go
play he can really help himself out as
well as [ __ ] speaking of which [ __ ] is
using a kind of
armor coming
in it's wild like in League of Legends
when you want to buy items you have to
recall for them and
stuff it's wild that you can just buy
mobile Legends it just uh I actually
prefer
it let's see what they're up to looks
like we got a lot of robing coming to
the Joy's moving around in the jungle
trying to take some of the Jungle blue
is going down
oh he's proxying the tower I don't think
I've ever seen anybody proxy a tower in
Mobile Legends oh they're both proxying
the
tower and now he let the wave go so he
can go
join ah yeah so they proxy it so they
can roam oh dude it is amazing that glue
got there before the joy did where is
Joy at oh there she is she's in the
middle I can't even tell bro oh the
Lolita
stun oh that was huge oh that was huge
dri is going to carry this
game so far I don't have any clear
favorite player oh look at this Brody
dude oh that is
crazy dude is that key boy that that
reminds me of key
boy oh he's right beside
them they really need to forc the
players to get the
Bro oh this is crazy this is so crazy
dude where's the blue guy oh he's
chasing par away that's not bad there he
goes who he flickered
away I really like that bush a lot more
than the the key boy Bush that I saw in
the other one so key boy ended up hiding
beside the second tower I like the bush
a little bit closer but I understand it
can be hard to get there without being
[Music]
noticed is that why there's so many dude
I thought it was a badass play but I'm
starting to think that that's when the
game un paused oh no I
didn't okay what do we got here give me
give
me dang look how close this game is eo's
still
ahead dude Edward is he proing
now Joy looks like a pain she is so far
up bro that is too far that is so greedy
but it works out dude that Hero has so
much
Mobility so do they not get more gold
when you're near a tower in League of
Legends you have to be near the tower
when you uh kill
it get more
gold this is the world stage so I'm
allowed to be a little bit more critical
looking at the way that the game is to
inspire
God oh my God what is going
on oh I really like's Rec I mean Edward
able to make the most of a bad situation
but LEL what does this mean first of all
I just want to I'm so glad I was
interrupted so so Joy does scale harder
than the
glue I don't really see too many Jo in
my game oh he also has the barrier too
whatever it's
called The Revenge I forgot what it's
called but it's really really strong
okay so is everybody going to join in on
this Lord so I'm really curious how they
handle Lord compared to M5 so far
everybody's heading over here we got all
five on blue team which means all five
from Red Team should be here as we're
seeing it's happening this
is dude I should have watched M4 before
I watched M5 these players are way more
on what I
expected yeah it's closer to the South
he definitely need to pull it up but he
can't wise keeps pulling it down man why
is it just he just has confidence
dude oh [ __ ] [ __ ] that was so bad
brother
why would you be
there dude VRI is going to carry the
hell out of this game though oh my God
VRI
oh that's huge for them dude I
think I'm still I'm still more into
black list is uh Team comp but dude oh
my
[Music]
Gody is that is that the that's still
not the most replayed that team fight
could not
for
E bro it's looking like an echo
wi element
Lord you got this to but yeah in this
GES are
important I mean so far ywi is
definitely being more influential than
Venus is he definitely feels like the
better Rome so far as well and again
Echo their draft they have a lot of big
potential so they're really using their
draft to Def fin us I like the the way
that they approached it don't fight the
Lord kill them first and they did they
found bodies pushed them all the way
behind tier two down
bottom myen also the towers are just
getting pushed really
slowly he's R first and assist all right
I'm sorry Venus I feel like they uh they
they know people are going to be talking
so oh my God god
dude that hero is
insan yeah everybody together nobody
really split
pushing oh they're going
in oh he had the flicker but now he can
just drop it on
Carl oh nice one D Beatrix
getting blood
bro I never understood why Valentina was
So Meta
man like the hero is just it feels
really weak to
me oh my God
no oh that's got to be
game NOS on the board forced to back
away for one objectives pushed in by the
oras this is both discipline and
ruthlessness where did they pull this
from I don't think they had the marks
for the
push here we go we're coming up to the
most replayed moment we're about to see
it I'll probably see it when I know it
I'll know it when I see
it all right yeah looks like at the
Gold dang even the Top Lane is just a
huge gap man ising not his
that he has to R he to run
fromed all right where's that most
replayed moment it's coming something's
about to
happen oh dude look at the S attack
sometimes doesn't see it coming it
sounds like has been overloaded by burst
and also a good am all right here he
comes this got to be it I'm getting
nervous they just can't pull it off here
as I noticed that in M4 way less people
push wait where's
the this is the most played
moment oh here it goes this is
it dude why is the glue still down there
glue being down there to me is just
really
silly he's got to hurry up
there okay There He Go will be
D is just kicking so
much oh nice Edward going in nice oh
they got it oh my God they got it I knew
it I knew it echo's
[Applause]
done that was
good that that was really good I didn't
even see I wasn't even watching the mini
map I was so to the Lord there that was
good good that was well played that Mar
played really well dude I feel like the
uh the EO players in general are playing
very
good all right let's see where we go for
the next game that's probably where
everybody skipped to is to see the back
door
huh let's get game number why is there
so many okay that's the
draft all right let's move in up all
right so we have oh my God box so this
was this is where the tank items are
still really good on the uh junglers
okay let's check out the left side we
have fredin
lapulapu
um the guy that pulls
people oh
man is that
Echo
s's really good in the
tanks okay I'm looking at Team comp here
and I think both of them are pretty
decent I would say that I mostly
probably side with Blacklist again on
their team comp I like their team comp
better but we'll have to see how the
gameplay goes so far my favorite players
in terms of their performance is
definitely probably yahi and Benny
they're pretty good and then also I I do
like wise even though his KDA hasn't
been too great I feel like wise has a
lot of pressure on the map and he knows
how to control things nobody else on uh
Blacklist is really standing out to me
uh Venus is kind of standing out as a
little bit worse than the other side so
we'll just have to see if he can redeem
himself is he playing Lolita again does
this guy play anything other than Lolita
is he just
a this is really weird to see it uh oh
right right right right they're trying
to get level four okay yo now I get it
now I understand but unfortunately Venus
is coming down at level three oh my
god wow man dude Blacklist is getting
wrecked dude Echo better
team the turtle I want to talk about the
micromanagement of the wave because
Sanji he sacrificed his own wave and
look at his y engages
theow that
Dam right
I wonder if we're going to go to all
seven
games just saying because during that
fight ywi didn't even Dare To Go close
to the turtle because there's no way we
get all seven games sanj with the went
to the EXP Lane absorbed some of that
minions while ywi secured the entire
minion wave inid
allow they're very very patient
in very very
patient it's going to be
more that b last game though was
wrecking I wonder whether not
play Benny just
chilling all right let's see what
sanji's capable of I I want to see that
Gan dude this is how you get people to
clap for you you play
G oh y going in
oh that was not very much damage at all
was a flicker burn in by Venus and
that's the W that eeko want to take
those small dubs yeah and again as we
said you already set very
close miss the
mid a lot
ofure interational this is what carry
who do I think is going to carry this
I actually think that
um I don't know it's really hard to see
who's going to carry this round and goes
all right here we go dude red team's
doing a very good job of controlling
this car's on her way just to make sure
which is good oh looks like she's going
to try and stop bro for
coming oh why are you reside wait you
can flicker while you're
in
bro Echo is just way better man looking
for it gets it and it's a triple kill
unofficial but still a triple kill for
thean that's making it
day
stage ands E I wonder if anybody
play in the other
end also I wonder how much better the
players get every
year I'm telling you I feel like the M4
gameplay is more closely resembles
League of Legends uh professional
gameplay than M5 did and I wonder if
like the players because obviously these
teams aren't in the finals of M5 so I
wonder if this kind of game play is just
not profitable to play or if they got
unlucky when they were like
competing it does kind of make me wonder
because I do feel like in general these
players feel better it feels better what
they're doing in their cohesion as a
team but obviously as time goes on as
long as there's like a continuous growth
of the player base the players get
better
right
is like just a really insane hero o oh
man Lau Lapu is that the Philippines war
hero the board not even The Observers
can believe it it's ham up top for the
ofls and
[Music]
San wise as
theane lead through the roof for Echo
here they're taking trades they're
taking bodies taking turrets now 30
seconds away from theet where does
black oh Venus what was that face
check
now okay this is really greedy the way
they're playing right now was very very
greedy it's been pretty good gameplay
but up until that that was that was
really
bad of echo because they need to apply
pressure and they need Vision now they
don't have because again we talked about
it before the game I'm really surprised
that they're all running towards top
instead of going for the turtle looks
like black Liv want to give up actually
this kind of makes sense trading both of
those for the turtle and plus Carl
can that was insane that was insane that
was really good macro gameplay they
decided to get rid of the turtle fight
instead go kill the ad carry or Marksman
prevent them from farming and they still
decided that they could potentially take
the turtle if they just kept the jungler
down there Ben getting caught was really
bad though that was really bad that was
really good macro gameplay I'm really
impressed with that that was really well
played wow
this is
insane I I tell you man I I just like
this game play so much more than
M this is like this
is e
PRI oh my god dude W the Lapu Lapu D car
is not doing anything oh my God what is
that healing car doesn't do any damage
oh my God he
lived he flickered out of there oh my
God he's going for it oh he pulls one he
got
one pull back all right touche touche we
pull a tre's for now 8 minutes in 3K
head Echo what's the item game looking
like theem game is just showing San he
only has only has two
items and Domin just for armor but again
looking at that San really should have
died two and he's probably getting close
to third oh my God D bro rushed the uh
the full ad item that's
crazy is just so behind golden he needs
that with nature but he also needs an
Athena at this point right there's so
much damage output what does it mean to
Carri is behind he has the most gold in
the game oh he's like 50 gold
behind from game two where it's not the
amount of damage you have it's where you
put it given the uh
all right we had the Lord up how's this
going to go is anybody
splitting nobody's splitting oh my God
why ohab what is ohab doing what is he
doing aing in still able to ese the team
Fu
conne
[Applause]
alive
bro I thought Blacklist
won because I you know when I thought
about the uh the
skin for the uh the end of
season it was AZ right I thought it was
Blacklist
a there's no way like if Ekko wins this
game there's no way that we can fit four
games worth
of Blacklist winning here there is no
way
dude like again it's not that was it
Echo EST Blacklist Echo it Blacklist
wasn't it was that for M4 M break the
whole concept of Thea that
ISC there an ech SK now I'm starting to
really doubt myself I could have sworn
the
oneck only one really setting up where
Echo can fight and they always find the
right places I honestly don't understand
how SCI
okay oh Carl T what are you
doing what are you
doing I hate when people do that yeah
get that mid lane work together
nice that's
good yeah but now they're a player down
so they probably won't fight they'll do
a pick but they won't like try and
secure a fight oh my God okay never mind
they're going full deep here this is
crazy oh my god dude I could only
imagine what it felt like to actually
see a oh my god did he
miss to see the live man that would be
that' be like the equivalent to see a
Master Pro
play dude I tried to play Gan it was so
bad such the fact that this Lord
luminous Lord coming up in about a
minute and change should okay Lolita
Miss I'm telling you like Venus is a non
factor
here will be thrown Sanford falling the
hands of as he is able to that K but
it's just a for
e is this the same guy that was in M5
car
their down MERS of ech clear the waves
something's got to give that's that
inhibitor up top that's permanent damage
yeah right now Eko they've already set
up their Checkmate because the Lord is
going to come up that is going to be
something that have to contest now the
question is can they even contest it and
that I haven't seen boxing in a the
opposite lane that Lord is in it's it's
very clear it's inevitable that Penny's
going to try to do the same thing I mean
we talked about this this is how they
play they set up the map to their own
favor to make sure they have multiple
ways to actually win the game they can
win through a team fight they can win
through getting OAB through getting uh
[ __ ] or just going straight beine to the
king letting the Lord
go which is great like giving it up when
you can't contested giving it up is
always the right
play but why should definitely try to
steal it I
feel here they go They're going
in
if he stuns dude if Lolita stuns come
on that was a good try I think black is
[Music]
done I don't know what bro does but that
hero looks
insane so oh my god dude what's that
taunt what is that
Taun oh that GG oh my
God
dude eeko must have been feeling insane
at this
point what are you
doing wow Match Point what is this it
wants me to skip here oh so this is
damage that was very good well we know
for sure because I I I kind of wish it
wasn't that way but we do know for sure
that
uh Echo wins the next one maybe or no I
mean
Blacklist we'll see we'll see we
got let's take a look Blacklist
team Xavier lunox Hilda I'm tell it's
not looking good for Blacklist dude
I'm telling you man the Eko has a better
comp they have two tanks three tanks
they got two good damage dealers with a
lot of Pop lunox I actually want to get
into lunox I have a skin for
her oh man dude look at yoi dude y's
he's definitely really good so far as I
get into this game here I feel like
again I'm still sitting on my same thing
wi is is a best player on uh
Blacklist
uh I don't really notice any anybody
else honestly nobody else really makes
me
impressed just wise I I think wise is
definitely having to carry these games
uh his Smite his retributions are pretty
good and his control over the jungle is
pretty good uh on the enemy Team all of
them are playing really well I think in
particular uh Benny is probably the best
player yah's probably ywi and Sanji
together are really good and then Cary
and Samford I would say are also good so
i' plays them as like Benny and then Yi
plusi and then Carl and Sanford like
together like that honestly I don't
really feel like there's much of a
difference in him and look at this Carl
has he has uh the
advantage on the turtle look at this
look at poor Wise Wise can't even
contest the thing look at him this poor
guy is just getting zoned off of the
turtle and Edward's like where's the
where's the
enemy I don't know dude I feel really
bad for wise
dude oh my God like look at
[Music]
this crazy they're just full control
here now this is this is the worst game
I've seen yet
en oh my god
Venus
alive oh this is crazy
CRA this reminds me of what uh what AP
Bren did to Sonic in one of the games in
M5 this is crazy dude man oh my
God this is depressing I feel so bad for
wise it's not even his fault
man like dude like control your
lane who is the that's the EXP laner
right who's the
Edward
I really want to see wise
win I understand that feel as a jungler
I mean jungle in League of Legends I
understand that feel when it feels like
your team just as help minutes in and
they're about 2k
ahead what do you have to say LEL you
know that's a mage you're thinking of
probably like that's what Bruno I mean I
feel like Eko just outclassing Blacklist
right now it's just insane
I mean dude ifo wins and the turn he's
over here like this is match point it's
literally going to be a
40 wiise hasn't been in the jungle he's
been up Top Lane I'm not sure really
what's going on up here
holy he
dead he's dead look at this dude this is
exp Lane Gap this is EXP Lane Gap and
League of Legends whenever one Lane's
better than another we call it a
gap oh you know what my favorite part is
going to be is trying to guess who the
MVP
was right now I would say the MVP would
go to if I had to really really really
pick I'd probably say
Benny or ya I don't know Benny it's
really hard to
tell wow that was G
dude what is Vinnie doing Jesus they're
so oh my God the
teamwork E
ising I definitely think that Ben is
probably the
MVP Benny or yahi but I'm going to go
with Benny because people tend to like
put a lot of value into
carries yeah doesn't look like the
towers
I mean there's always so much you could
do as a jungler you
know when you're playing
tank like
I'm the unac from I mean I'm not sure if
the clock Destiny is something I would
consider
damage not until you get a or whatever
the trun but the trun actually got
changed
so I don't know I kind of like theg TR
at the
Clocky so far so good uh I think that
echo's playing out of their
minds but this is also a game where I
think Eko just has a better team
com oh he's eating him he's EA oh dude
you can't eat him for that
long is like
bro honestly I feel like Eve when I
played Eve so I understand the purpose
of Eve but like she feels so weak oh my
god look how little benetta does man
looks really
useless with his life close call from
Sanji yeah right now Sanji and Z he's
just going to get stronger and now
getting
pressured this is such an exp Gap this
is crazy this is crazy
[Music]
bro you want to you want to know what's
going on right now they're like hey
could you guys lose a game you know we
don't want to have a four R
Stomp and
an so could you guys throw a little bit
make it a little bit more interesting
please right now they're finding ways
they're finding they bming without
actually bming
the invincibility doesn't pull him back
oh my
God oh my
goodness this
is dude M4 is way better than
M5 I've enjoying these games way more
but the thing is is like in M5 I felt
more close to the's going happen IFL
fight ech here every single time if they
try to trade this
e because that's M for not because
Edward is the one doing dealing the most
amount of damage ohab not just yet
because Carl will always be in front you
can't shred that Ed wow Edward has the
most
gold oh yeah because they got a shut
down now
it yeah you would rather have the gold
be D I don't understand why you even
play benetta and then you're playing it
as like a
tank I don't know dude it just doesn't
really do any
damage want to come wa fores toit and in
the late stage 5.3k on the GL like even
though benedetta has more gold I'm
telling you man it's just a top Gap
because of all the uh the influence look
at that he has three people ganking him
bot e have The Temper between aggression
and discipline out a flicker against s
m in
mid here employing an U they're Agent
Zero for
out oh I saw tptp from freden up
top they're going for the Lord blue is a
little far away from
it watching will shred everyone down
right now Edward he's trying to slow
down the Lord but like they should let
this go it's just is not that big of a
deal but if they let this go what can
they fight for right they're going for
trads right now you can already see it
but San is going to be able to clear out
the mid lane they traed for AER one down
below first the game though
think as a by the waves are going to be
much stronger right empowered minions
Lord's going to march on through top
Lord is in theer Edward's doing good
splitting though
for
AG
bottom did it's really hard to catch her
though I see what's happening here
they're setting again for the potential
split oh man oh there's so many things
to worry about if I mean dude benetta
won't be able to help her team out
because she's like getting messed with
glue oh never mind glue let her
recall PES with one light get Chun to
half HP with Lord Maring down the top
yeah she decided not to recall because
uh the glue is still there she can kill
wave and
recall midane be pushing in Benny with
the chaos oh my goodness that damage on
the is insane Sanford zoning
M man the Diggy pick is only good for
one thing putting a bunch of bombs in a
bush down bottom inhibitor L what's the
answer here Lord coming in about 2
minutes again you just got to wait it
out because right now what Blacklist did
they got a lot from the Lord coming in
from Echo actually because they see all
right you're
going
manom boy why is Zab at half HP why
doesn't he just go
heal he's not doing anything anyway his
team can defend that why is wise up
there in
front oh they're so bad only
C with
the to fight heal
bro he is so lucky he is so
lucky blackl still able to defend two
for one and Agent Zero was not able to
do anything up top ohab didn't fall
there's silver signs of like honestly
benetta should have just died there or
sorry
and
and we look at
Edward I don't know I feel like
benedetta is not doing anything she's
sitting on 8.6k
Golds
Don't
Ed to try and potentially push get some
gold I mean I think ekko's doing a very
good job of
doing very
bre Edward Aral going be going be maybe
quelling two or three members of eeko if
eeko do send two or three members I
think eeko is just playing their game
here 6K ahead making a jockey for doing
it again man it's just
so I mean I want to say it's calculated
oh yeah I got another one I want to say
it's calculated but I see them keep
diving dude the fact that they keep
diving and they're still winning so hard
is crazy
what is that escape on that
character why doesn't he just infinitely
spam it or does it have a cool
down again like I'm still pulling out
hope because Blacklist a lot but as we
said before the game Echo they're
scaling it's not like they're going to
you know drop in terms of damage they're
just getting stronger
and
ohse oh no I feel like wise is pretty
good when it comes to like the macro
early on but then he just kind of falls
apart like that's the second time I saw
him got caught this
game I would say The Blacklist is just
the worst
team you know even though I thought like
Venus was bad I mean I haven't seen [ __ ]
do
anything like that's just useless
bro I mean
Edward I don't even know like I don't
even know how to feel about this because
I feel like this was a top Gap game an
exp Gap game I mean Edward is the quote
unquote relevant player right now but
the only reason he's the relevant player
is because he sacrificed his team to do
it like while he was sitting there
trying to make plays happen or sorry
while while he was like farming samur
got to run around make plays happen
around the map it was just I don't know
like if I was playing solo I'd be I'd be
screaming to right now a face full
ofir's passion and walks away from it
does need any more items I'm wondering
if there's
enough I think EV is really useless I
know that she was like supposed to be a
super strong op type character I don't
know every time I played her she just
felt really
useless the damage is too low do you
dish out the Dage because you
have
to line the only you're going to I mean
dude at this point I don't even think
like Venus is the worst player on their
team I think it might be Hai if I had to
rate them from bottom to top I'd go [ __ ]
Venus OAB Edward and wise but I mean
even wise keeps getting caught out so at
this point I don't even know in this
game definitely I don't know like I want
to say Edward is a good one in this game
but at the same time you got to remember
that because of Edward his team is
losing so yeah it looks like he's the
better player but he's the one that's
causing these events to even happen it
was just it was such a giant early game
it was such an HP d man they got to go
heal they have 12 seconds on the Lord
they could heal like now they're going
to like
dude why not heal now you're going to go
heal it's just such a terrible and he
didn't even heal the full he healed
75% and he's stuck in a wall like what
is Eve
doing what is Yi
doing oh Edward's in Ed's
in Sanford's a little
late I mean dude they could have healed
for the Lord spawn and fine dude wise is
he's trying to get to that
Lord and Sanford on wise back imil
again for to run away standing his
ground but jumps inck out the
safy didn't Blacklist win wasn't it a
blacklist getting out Sanford
immobilizing him five members two
members down from Blacklist just three
Defenders
foral sanj like look at what Edward does
he isn't doing
he does no
[Music]
Dess this is what I'm saying man even
though he has all that gold he's still
useless oh that's GG bro is this a 04
worlds this is like
[Applause]
insulting for the
I don't even know how to feel
dude I do like the the Caster voices are
really
nice all right let's see what we got
here I do Blacklist is ladies and
gentlemen it has been an honor to be at
your service
again and again and again may we make
history or a break records LEL any Last
Words the only words that I can say
right now this is this five men
including their coaches are the best in
the world the best in the world best in
the
world ladies and
gentlemen why they have two of them
world
champion
congratulations
[Music]
too now gold creative
director to present the medal we have
and Mr
indion UBS gold creative director I want
to see who the VIP
is wait the general Esports Federation
of
Indonesia ring oh they got a ring that's
cool that's really
cool man they're so young look how young
they
are I feel like a boomer I'm 33 I'm
almost 34 guys but I'm going to watch
this video 10 years from now I'm going
to be 40 I'm going to like man you're so
young look at those Rings those are some
cool ass
Rings wait T it's a Tik Tock
ring
award okay final MVP reward I'm telling
you it's going to be
Benny followed by like ywi but Benny I
mean s popped off in the last game but I
think Benny was the most
consistent and of course on this final
this SC final 10 of the best player but
we have five play who play really well
with theal MVP awards with Mr
Michaela who got the finals MVP
reward and of course on this final this
Grand Final Stand of the best player but
we have five player how many rings they
got with four Z scores
only one stands on top of them Champions
will also get a Champions Tour by the
ministry of Tourism and of course our
Champions will get to choose the skin of
their
choice they're so
excited yes after they fought really
well on this m final everyone is really
doing the best I just wanted to know the
MVP only one stands on top of them all
oh that's what we're doing right now we
got the final MV of
M4 wait they're going to give it to yeh
because of the EST skin right no that
was
[Music]
Blacklist who's the final
MVP this
is the Philippines
Echo where's the final MVP from
Philippines and now it is time to award
the finals
MVP
Benny who can the title of the final
MVP the finals MVP
goes to
Benny
Benny yeah was
obvious I mean s s was the better one in
the last game but Benny was the most he
was the most
[Music]
consistent all right well GG I'm going
to go ahead and hop into a game and
we're going to talk a little bit about
how I feel all right guys how you all
doing so of course you know who I am
because we just watch some M4 together
need to introduce but um yeah I want to
talk a little bit about how I felt about
the role play in general and all those
other good things and we're going to be
playing some games to unlock some heroes
in rank today as well um overall I
really enjoyed M4 I watched it yesterday
so this video is the day after um I
think M4 is a lot better to watch than
M5 was for me um personally like as
Elite player the the mechanics and
things like that definitely fit a lot
more um if you haven't already um don't
forget about the channel I'll remind you
about the M5 if you guys uh want to
remember at the end of this game I'll
remind you so
um yeah M4 definitely met my
expectations I didn't really have
anything bad to say about too many of
the players it was it was definitely uh
was definitely much better than M5 for
me shoot I didn't pick that up
okay okay okay an ally you have slain an
enemy okay can I get around
her no I did try though I did try launch
attack yeah so the the way that M4
worked was definitely way more similar
to like how A League of Legends Pro game
would be than I saw from M5 um and also
I I think a lot of people gave me some
really unfair I'm not alone uh judgment
for my judgment on M5 so a lot of people
I I mentioned this when I was discussing
the video a lot of people thought I was
being really negative and you know
big ego and stuff like that it's not
like that the thing is is when it comes
to like these kind of events all the
everybody that you watch has a lot of
experience watching Pro play mobile
Legends
right so they they all know what a
typical mobile Legends player is
thinking and also on top of that because
of their position in the scene uh
they're less likely to you know say how
they're really thinking about certain
situations and how certain players are
playing and stuff like that right so I
think by watching me you have a very
unique situation where you can see how
somebody outside the scene I mean
granted I do have I have like a thousand
games of mobile Legends right so I
understand what all the champion or all
the heroes do but I don't understand
like the pro players or the pro player
meta right so it just gives you a really
oops a really unique opportunity to see
how somebody outside the scene thinks
about it so I think a lot of people need
to kind of think about my reviews of pro
play in that way the power a
true why did he even do that it's not
like I was going to hit
him instead of think thinking that you
know I'm here to like victimize mobile
Legends or something like that it's it's
a for fun thing you need to just have
fun with
it an enemy has
been oh
crap killing spre did I get it an ally
has SL the turtle shut
down initi he heal up oh he has heal up
oh I'm getting bed baby I'm getting
getting bed so yeah just remember that I
really like this community and I really
like this game and request I'm not here
to cause any bad beef or anything like
that I'm just here to give you guys some
unique content that you're really you're
not going to get it from anywhere
else all right let's go and grab this
here and you know uh what I what I find
wild though when we're talking about M4
and M5 is that I feel like the players
in M4 were obviously better than the
players in M5 right to me it it was that
way but the question is is then why
en why are those players the one thing
of Worlds instead of backo Blacklist
unless those teams disbanded you know
what I
mean it it just to me it just they're
their thoughts and their gameplay were
just way better oh my God it's
beautiful should
do why am I so
slow oh I thought he went through the
other Bush here I don't have flame shot
don't chase I'm going
to uhuh I'm going to chase
though
the power maybe I should hey guys how
you doing all
right wait there's a uh oh come on
brother theer I play your hero all the
time can't you uh launch attack can't
you do me something some justice
here oh I don't know if I hit or not I
don't think it would have killed anyway
though but hey it was a solid effort all
right let's come down here oh yeah by
the way so we are in Epic Ally has been
oh I messed up so bad
coming oh
oh okay well you know I tried to help oh
hell C's going in lach okay I got you
hellur I got you buddy I got you yeah so
I I guess that's really the big thing
for me is uh just wondering how those
players were just playing better in him
four now I think the Blacklist was just
completely outclass like it was just it
wasn't even close like Ekko definitely
felt like they were the better
team you don't always here definitely
felt like a way better team has no taste
in music I dude I could have sworn so
like when I came in and I said I didn't
know who won Turtle I thought like I was
thinking to myself oh but Blacklist won
right because of the
skin because I could have sworn there
was like Blacklist toz right so I was
like very very confused when I saw like
Ekko was winning and the video was short
and I'm like what is going on an enemy
has been slain what's going on
here I promised her I'll live fight for
the two of
us initiate
Retreat out played so hard I'm the best
ever that was just so well played our
turret has been Destro nice usage of my
umbrellas in
general an enemy has been slain yeah I'm
not going to mess with that I'm just
going to keep
running keep that assist is not ready
our tret is under attack smooth like
butter smooth like butter oh yeah so
we're starting a season in Epic 2
because I did manage to hit Legend last
season uh I've been posting as I
mentioned so what my plan is right now
and I'm kind of keeping it but I'm a
little bit off I want to do one video a
week I want to do one video on my my
mobile Legends main channel for long
form content and I want to do one on my
short Channel I know it sounds weird but
I find that when the videos are more
spaced out they get more views Quest
back so um by spacing up my videos onto
two different channels I can put out
more videos and get get you guys more
content without messing stuff up right
un an ally SL the
turtle
Ally Killing
Spree double kill okay yeah so that's
kind of what you're seeing and I'm
trying to keep up with the schedule I
think I missed a video last week
but I've I've also I've been working so
the tldr of my life is yeah you get some
life talk on playing mobile Legends the
tldr is that I've been streaming for 4
days a week and taking three days off
that's been what I've been up to right
so
um and on those three days off I've been
programming and I just really enjoy
programming a lot so I've been spending
a lot of time with my projects and last
week this week and last week I've just
been so busy progamming I just haven't
had time to do the mobile Legends like I
wanted to uh but technically
today what is she
doing technically today I'm going to be
streaming again this is day one of
streaming so before I started streaming
I decided I was going to play these
mobile Legend games for you so that way
I can get the video out this week cuz
otherwise you know I'm going to not have
the energy for it
anemy so yeah that's what I'm trying to
do so as I mentioned make sure you guys
are on that other channel if you guys
like the content
try to get it
out who who W she stopped killing spram
when I looked at the tower
[Music]
understood
oh okay this this guy is not very
good bro bro probably peic huh bro I
feel like the volume in this game is
really messed up oh oh oh oh my God the
game's Frozen for you guys that carry me
through has it always been frozen for
you I don't think so okay I have a plan
guys I have a plan all right boys this
is this is how we end it man I'm just
hey guys I want to apologize about the
stuttery video there I went ahead and
fixed it so the rest of the video should
be fine again I want to apologize too
bad that was a really good game okay
guys so I wanted to make sure that I
draw this um I have 6 hours left and I
have half the things I need for Nana so
if I can get Nana here that would be
really peachy but of course I'm not
expecting it let's go ahead and use the
gyms for it they'll show this message
again maybe I'll even get a Mis Bender
recall which would actually be really
nice as well so we'll see what I can
actually get here um what is this oh
well look at that that is uh what we
call uh predictable luck 10 more now if
I could just get n you know I'm not
going to do my luck here all right 10
more dude how many of these emojis do
you get they only give nine let me see
how many I have I have 827 I'm almost
there we're getting pretty close
and 936 we can do some more I think I
need 1,200 for my nana here um event
shop yeah 1,200 banana all right let's
go 10
more oh what is this oh that's a
knockout effect
confirm
[Music]
um oh bro how many how many draws am I
at 113 if I do they want you to do it
all the way to 130 so that that you get
five more Spirit tokens but I'm smarter
than that I only need like five draws if
I do five draws there 250
diamonds right compared to the other way
so let's go ahead and do one at a time
this should be nine
tokens one
more 12 tokens almost
there almost got Manana I already have
that border 20 tokens and last
one and another n tokens so you get a
lot of those you can exchange for Miss
Bender skin all right guys so here we go
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to
purchase Nana and uh yeah I don't really
even play nana but that might change now
that I have this skin here actually I'll
probably go take her into a rank game
right now oh that is beautiful I looked
at her skin this is definitely 100%
hands down her most beautiful skin so
I'm going to go ahead and hop into a
game and we're going to play some Nana
all right everybody so I went ahead and
I took a few days and I restarted my
computer and everything should be fixed
so this is about 3 days after I watched
M4 so you know it's kind of now it's
super blurry in my mind but we're back
and hopefully everything's good um as
you guys saw I managed to pick up the
new Nana skin so I'm really excited
about that and I'm just really hoping
that this game does not have any issues
like the previous one did of course I
apologize about that guys I'm I'm very
sorry about that but um we're back in at
8/10 I'm excited I'm actually just going
to play nana Straight Out The Gate so I
can enjoy my skin um I need to play play
some normal games with like and stuff
like that so that I can actually play
her in
ranked all right I'm going to I have a
50% win rate
bana wait what is c will choose my own
the enemy is Banning I've never seen
that hero that must be a new
hero that must be a new
hero I mean I'm down to play Rome Nana
if I got to ooh nana adjustments a full
upgrade hello my friend wait they nerfed
their second skills transforms all
heroes oh it transforms all heroes not
just one interesting please ban a hero
faster and smoother where's a de oh I
Can't Ban Nana because I'm playing Nana
of all
time yeah okay I'll ban whatever that is
Nolan I don't know who Nolan is either I
I never seen any of these new
Heroes I've never seen any of them I'm
keeping an eye on my game to make sure
it doesn't uh doesn't mess up all right
that dude wants a ram which is great
great oh
T yeah so uh anyway let's get back to
talking about like G 4 and worlds and
all that stuff because again I've had a
few days to sit and think about it and
I'm sure some of the things that I've
probably said I'm probably going to end
up repeating but hased from my
experience I already I can already say
that I really
liked I really liked M4 compared to M5 I
I just felt like M4 was just overall
more comfortable gameplay for me to
watch
and uh to me what one thing I want to
know so maybe comments can let me know
is like why are those teams that are why
why did they not get back into M5 is
what I'm wondering because I felt like
those players are really good like were
they unlucky what did they like disband
or you know what I mean um so o Pro
Player Nana build all right let's see
what they got all right I'll just use it
oh no flame
shot I'll replace
hery is do I just have t for yeah so I
mean to me it's just I guess that's the
thing is like I understand do we have
two people fighting for home I
understand that you know every year
you're probably going to have different
teams in these Pro play but I just I I
just don't get how the players that I
just assumed were so good just couldn't
make it give a an M5 except like maybe
if they disbanded that's it I like how
this guy has a Russian name and he
speaking Korean all right jungle
Bond
my blood boils definitely looks a lot
better with the Remake here chivalry is
dead wait are they
dodging oh freaking epic players
dude actual just terrible people all of
them
terrible all right back to the queue we
go why does it take so long to dodge a
match the opposing Team 4 for D dude
they should get a penalty for dodging
I'm just I'm just saying it how it is
does it kick me out of q that kind of
sucks also I've been looking at these
kof skins do I have any tokens left yeah
I used all my token I've been looking at
these kof skins and uh I don't really
think there's anything I want from the
kof honestly I mean I think I already
have the Karina skin I think you got
that for free whenever you did your uh
your one thing right so nothing N I
really want all right let's uh get back
into this one honestly my team last team
game seemed pretty reasonable amongst
each other so I'm kind of sad about that
all right dude why am I always last
picked oh I wonder if these are the last
the same
people I don't see my uh my U Russian
Korean guy I like team
ban let's see if I get the ban dude I
just want to I just never anytime I'm
playing this game I never want to play
against an a ever
again my friend all right please b b
Nolan yeah it's the same
dude the he he wants a Nolan ban I'm too
lazy to think of a ban here dude he's
just like he's recommending every band
look at that he gets all of his bands
that he wanted oh another Balman too I
wonder if that's like I think Bon's
pretty met right now huh sir what's your
command your team is picking all right
like hopefully up CC let's from
the the enemy is I'm having some deja vu
in this Lobby to my last Lobby in my
soul
but um no they are not Duo because he
just thanked the other dude so it is
what it is oh I'm going to have to play
Rome uh it's kind oh he's playing Rome
beex which is fine that's cool
um one
thing I'm just trying to get my focus on
here okay one thing though is uh team is
picking I don't know I feel like the pro
scene in Mobile Legends is actually like
I do actually feel like it's growing
which is really nice to see that people
are very excited over uh the M Series in
general I I heard that the M5 series had
like viewership that was it wasn't as
big as league but it was it was big
enough that it would could be compared
to League which was really really cool
that uh mobile Legends is getting there
because despite what people think listen
listen I want to say a lot of people
have been giving me crap they're like if
you don't like mobile Legends go back to
League of Legends blah blah blah I don't
hate Mobile Legends and I'm not one of
those people that's like oh mobile
Legends copied League listen big
companies don't need people like me
running around being like you copied
blah blah blah I don't care all I care
about is how fun the game is how many
people are playing the game and you know
how enjoyable it is and how much the
company actually cares about the game
right and mobile Legend fits a lot of
really great criteria for that and I
have absolutely no problem with
supporting mobile Legends and watching
Pro play as well I I enjoyed Pro play as
well I'm never going to remember to use
flicker like it's a great game and on
top of that there's no pay to win which
is very rare to see for mobile games in
general right so I I think that's why
mobile Legends could just become a
really it's already really popular but
if they keep investing money into it it
can it can become popular elsewhere like
I know the mobile Legends is really
interested in growing in the na scene
speaking of which are there no na teams
in M4 or M5 what's going on with that
somebody want to explain that one to me
what's going on na oh yeah by the way
for those of you who don't know I live
in Korea which is why I could play in
the Philippines server previously I did
some videos on the Philippines server so
go check that out if you haven't already
welcome to mobile Legends I'm
invisible Auto translates up all right I
got my
Boomerang seconds the eny the nana I
haven't played Nana in a long time
because dude Nana's so ugly sorry sorry
Nana but this skin help jungle thanks to
everyone for being with me I'm coming
buddy I got you I got you look at me
being a teammate boys
Nana has been traveling for so many days
and there's more to come because n all
right bro he canceled my my Molina oh
wow it transforms if it lands right on
him ow dude somebody needs a Nerf as
valer character I'm still burning okay I
want to use my heal but I'm
burning Presto CH presto chaino
oh how' I
miss I'm
terrible first Blood
[Music]
hey
uh get to use my uh get to use my emoji
finally oh shoot all my minions died
understood okay I feel like Molina
doesn't sit on the ground as long as she
used to maybe maybe she maybe it's
always that way but I don't know I feel
like whenever I play against a a Nana
that Molina is just sitting there
staring at me the entire time you know
what I mean can i r to that I'd rather
heal I need a lot of HP and stuff so I'm
going to heal up mhm you know I actually
I thought about the fact that maybe like
I could do some kind of pro play in
Mobile Legends not necessarily that I
play myself I'm not good with controls
right and there's no way I'd ever be
able to use a phone on stage I tried to
use a phone it was no bu
out
oh I did not realize that these get
hit dude but I am noticing that it's
like fearing him right away which it
doesn't normally do or it didn't
normally do I don't even know yeah but
it's not necessarily that I thought I
could become a pro player it's more like
I thought maybe I could like do a team
or something cuz I don't really have any
interest in like hardcore trying games
anymore like I mean actually I do kind
of have some interest in like Street
Fighter but I don't want to like go pro
any
game like it just it's so much work like
having been in the industry for so long
I have realized how much work it takes
to like consistently be good at a game
like that and it's not that I can't do
it I need to Ram
more it's not that I can't do
it so I don't want to do
it well by the time I rmed up there they
were gone that's unlucky all right keep
an eye on my screen looks like we have
no lag right now
initiate
Retreat oh no you all played me oh oh oh
no not the burn oh oh that heal that
heal is my Saving
Grace by everything within me oh we
killed him too that that was crazy yo
you like that heal voice see that's I'm
going pro I'm going pro baby I'm going
pro all right all equipment he actually
outplayed me though lightning Tron dude
it's so weird to see people building
lightning trunch in first item
Now power activ kill getting Nana baby
you guys remember when Nana's like Alti
like went out like instantly how
annoying was that right like that was
that was
crazy thank you
bman real Homie real homie just tossing
I need to go roam top my guy's roaming
and I'm not an yeah my Ram's a little
bit lacking here guys it listen I
haven't played in a while okay so I
ain't got the best
Rams CH Presto
Chango okay I'm going to tell you guys
something about this
skin it looks way cooler in the preview
than it does in game I'm not sure if
this was worth the diamonds to be honest
but I wanted to play nana anyway so uh
it's okay I needed an skin cuz you know
she doesn't really have that many good
skins
so that guy keeps using his thing way
too
early o I come B on I'm sorry buddy I'm
sorry mid
Gap what
that
you have that's it right there n player
yeah I keep that dude off of the turtle
for my boy this is what we call being a
team
player CH uhoh why is she so fast wait
what
uh dude what are they doing what are
they
doing okay well
[Music]
that's uh they got really desperate for
my passive
huh yeah I guess you know pay to win in
this skin they can't sell I have passive
now huh all right I got to get out of
here so I just hit Tower a little bit
honestly I don't even think Tower is
worth hitting if you don't have any
gold okay we got it Swing Swing Swing
Swing Swing dude I would want to play
Vex I don't know if I've ever played V I
want to try her though because I have
her
skin I have her skin I just haven't had
an opportunity to play her yet dude
Nana's actually I think Nana's actually
really powerful like her ability to
control a team fight with her Alti is
pretty insane an enemy has been I did
not get that CS why is it shooting me
shoot the tower what
the that was
rude dude I thought you could have like
two molas out at the same time destroy
the turret they they nerfed the Molina
I'm telling you dudes they nerfed the
Molina I'm coming they had to have
nerfed my Molina boys
I like how he's walking away from the
fight that I'm walking too one of us is
wrong power um why am I
slowed oh oh I got
mosced I think well I messed
up
boomerangs
kill uh dude I got poked for days no
biggie I just keep poking boys
dude the cool Down's really short in my
poke my are they in there okay wait a
they're not in that bush guys they're
not in that
bush they're not I'm trying I'm trying
so hard will prove it n can protect you
your team destroyed a turret dude the
cool down on your Q is really short so
the Q is your ability of choice I see
might look scary but they're nice inside
like some people I just know
Ito an ally there it is that's the money
shot let's
go he can't do anything
boys I'm just throwing the throwing the
queue
boys your team I'm just throwing the
que oh got him this so
funny
this is so
funny present for you present for
you got him he dead all you got to do is
just keep the pressure on boys keep the
pressure on okay that was really
funny press oh I see the genius one so
genius one's kind of interesting because
a boomerang hits twice and on top of
that your ultimate hits three times so
yeah I can see it dude full damage
full damage Nana that's a way to go
boys yeah it looks like she's definitely
had some changes though um her Molina I
mean the Molina is really frustrating to
play again so it's nice to see that it's
not really her primary thing
anymore yeah why would you not use flame
shot you can flame shot people into your
Alti that seems like a good a good uh uh
good Synergy to
me I still have my passive
up moscow's kind of annoying dude so
many of these Heroes since I've started
playing have had reworks of some type
Presto
chaino I'm going to come over here and
maybe get some kills God an enemy
has double
kill
ch
activate my unicorn doing work huh you
destroyed a
treto CH Presto
chaino all right do we still have every
Tower except my mid Tower what happened
to my mid Tower even I didn't lose mid
Tower ow kill that hurt I don't even
know it hit me all right I'm just going
to pop Al out there M all right let's
get out of here I mean I'm still sitting
on my passive
so it's
fine did anyone help for me I don't
think it's worth it I mean dude I do
have passive but
still our turret has destroyed I'm
living in the epic epic life right now
I'm epic four right now guys
uh what do we got
here well played this
Boomerang pop this dude why is my attack
speed so fast is it always this fast
this seem's kind of ridiculous to me how
fast that attack speed
is oh he
lived he
lived that was funny though
huh Mega kill hey I got an assist he
didn't live all right back to heal again
dude honestly maybe I have a Nana
Prodigy maybe this Nana skin was worth
my diamonds guys your team destroyed a
turret maybe maybe this entire time I
should have been playing Nana instead of
Aer I don't know valer has gotten quite
a few changes too oh there we go we got
three Tower well two towers one died
three towers into Nana level here I'm
coming with minions boys I will clear
the minion
wave yep I'll just put down a Molina
transform them
all okay I missed everything so did
they
monster oh I did I made a boo
boo I made a boo boo I
died oh boo boos were
made I should have used my flame shot
not that it matter dude moscov got
behind me I'm assuming that's from his
uh ulti what's my magic power it should
be way more obvious is what your magic
power is 400 like there should be a spot
where you can see your magic
power Like A League of Legend is really
obvious I mean mobile Legends does a lot
of things right that League doesn't like
for example in the mini map I can see
how much HP everybody has that is great
League of Legends you can't see how much
HP people have your team destroyed I
don't know why they wouldn't do
that like it it just makes so much sense
to me so like show how much HP people
have but at the same time I would really
like to see my magic power with one
glance
and also see the AP ratio of my
abilities easily I wonder how Wild Rift
does it I already know wild Rift
probably copied a lot mobile Legends
ironically oh my God boom Oh my God that
was the best non outplay of my
lifeo you see that it was just pure pure
wreckage do I get movement speed
whenever Molina
lands
present for
you oh it reduces their
defense oh my god dude holy
crap bro Nana's a burster baby you
myud I'll take
the bro just walked into that bro 600
damage poor guy bro I want him all the
clump on the tower
again you know they don't like
me there's no way they like me turet is
under attack all right I got to go push
the other Tower they should be able to
push us but the other tower has too many
camps pushing
it our turret has
destroyed wait did we still not get that
Tower really the super duper does this
do any damage to minions oh it does
nice okay cool I'm pushing boys we got
another wave coming don't push
yourselves too I can't believe they
still haven't gotten that Tower is here
to
help present for you all right I got the
wave bro they're over here defending me
now your team
destroy I hit him low boy you got this
oo I'm playing such a dangerous game
here probably not just like straight
winning this game I don't understand
hello can you he
me where am I somebody was trying to Sol
a
lord oh my god dude epic is just a
fiesta if I had flame shot I would shoot
her I do
not BDA and a half dude well we finally
got that Tower
though all the waves looking real
chill bro my nanana's passive is broken
for
you attack the Lord half minute you can
use that things multiple times in a game
all right yeah you guys go ahead I'm
going to toss
Molina calling it stealing is just silly
it
was into my
un oh yeah get out of here you're not
going anywhere near that Lord no sir
Ally has SL
Lord hey you took my kill don't worry
dude I was zoning him dude Nana is
actually really fun
like she actually has really really good
abilities like I thought she was kind of
like a boring like zoner
buter wait wait he walked back into it
dude I literally missed zero and
14 I'm actually legitimately curious who
Z and 14 freaking their jungler is
that's so funny it was a pretty big
jungle
Gap that was pretty
big all right here we go big
hits enemy has been slain boom baby
that's how we do it the den n game is
pretty intense I wish you guys got to
see my kagura game too I did really good
Ono too I think I'm MVP ban didn't die
but yeah
nice all right that's what I like to see
epic four with three stars MVP 112 times
really really enjoy Nana it's really
fun um okay so I tell person I think
what we want to do here got to go into
my Starlite no I don't want to upgrade
my
membership claim all I think what we
want to do here is we want to go into a
normal game I don't know how to go in a
normal game we going to go to a normal
game here and what we want to do is we
want to play vexana I think I need one
more vexa game so I need to play vexana
see how I have the collector skin on her
and I need to
play I want to play gourd eventually but
right now we're just going to focus on
Vex I don't know who the other hero I
wanted to play
was I don't I honestly I don't care what
role I am um I'll just play Vex in any
role doesn't matter doesn't matter I'll
try to hover a mage or something like
that
so something like
that c have going
pro okay I will just where's
V I have too many Heroes now guys there
we
are I'll just I don't know how to how
the hell do I pick my
roll I will go roam for you baby Loom
but my faith will a pro player has
created a setup for vexana it's actually
a really useful feature to be
honest all right d I'm too lazy to make
my own runes so you know just take the
pro play okay so we got the vexana here
I mean I can't check other Heroes right
now we also have that selected which is
nice okay yeah looks like I'm going Rome
I think Rome is pretty much the role
that you're never going to have to deal
with let's see what rank dude I remember
the first time I was playing Classics
and I was getting paired with mythics
and legends and I was like master and
I'm like man this is so
unfair L Di I know at the time master or
Legend and Mythic players aren't that
good oh
yeah okay got that collector skin I do
love me some collector skin
voice welcome to mobile
Legends what if we go seconds the enemy
reaches the battlefield dire
hit all troops only recommended for rors
I don't even know what my abilities do
unleash dly grass damage enemies in the
path upon hitting enemy hero terrify and
knock them
back MOX the target after dealing the
power striking and dealing damage okay I
kind of remember
that okay I'm just giving him a nice
little
shove I'll eventually go down to the
Marksman Lane oh yeah I forgot they can
see you in division here can't they
well there rooms over here I'm going to
go help my boy down here bro why are
they chasing me this is
weird this is really weird bro the cool
down on my first skill is too
long oh it does terrify them yeah the
cool down is too long makes for a very
less fun experience honestly I like I
like to have skills that are really fast
to cast I guess this pretty much
explains why games like League of
Legends are going the route that they're
going because people just want to play
like fast-paced stuff you
know okay the second skill is a bit more
fun to
use I just need cool down
reduction okay so I wonder if mobs that
are
marked holy crap First Blood holy crap I
can't even move persist okay I need to
see what my passive does yeah D I don't
know I just so focus on my Lane there
and like seeing what my skills do the
flam okay B internal guard inflict
Nether on their enemy it'll last 5
seconds and infected
enemies okay so it just like exploding
stuff so she's actually really good at
like clearing waves huh an enemy has
been slain I'm just going to level my
second skill because I'm finding a lot
more use out of it I'm sorry bror
rri I'm sorry bro I was a little bit
late on helping you there that was my
bad I am not level four for the turtle
not yet I'm on my way over
though oh yeah that wave clear is insane
Ally has slain the turtle she's she's
got really good wave there I could
definitely see her as a mid laner I
guess it makes
sense I wish I have flicker an enemy has
been
slain with all my heart I because the
way that the abilities explode just
makes it
really okay I just miss like everything
yo you have SL an eny y okay I can pull
back my minion which is nice oh wait you
can only pull it back one time okay now
it's just doing its own
thing
retribution oh
interesting retribution retribution dude
honestly her second skill is kind of
cool second skill is kind of
cool only a second skill first skill is
kind of mead the sun's radi will light
the way for us
burn
RB she is so mad bro surrender now he is
so
mad I want that flame shot dude I feel
like flame shot just a better fler
honestly okay I got Alti
again Killing Spree okay okay I'm just
going to wait around and then Alti
somebody when they come up just watch
that's not what makes an
empress okay he's leaving me which is
kind of sad cuz I thought that we would
work
together I got my ulti ready dude why
does it have like a line light for us
why is it like a line does it like do
damage in a line
that's kind of what it seems like
initiate
Retreat dude that wave clear is sick I
can't wait to play R
Retreat I cannot wait to play a range
dude she's going to be really fun
request backup like I think she's going
to be really fun as a Min
laner
re oh my God that knockup is
King an ally has SL oh hey
oh
boy ow dude that t just kick my butt
dude I'm way over standing I'm sorry I'm
just getting so like as a new hero I'm
just getting so eager to to learn what
she does and how she's working and stuff
you know it's kind of fun for some
reason they not doing Turtle I'm just
learning her one one step at a time guys
one step at a time you know there is no
turning back but her Alti cool Down's
really long yeah cooldowns cool Downs
are way killer enemy has slain the
turtle she needs uh less cool Downs
but that must mean that her burst is
really high maybe she scales really well
I mean I've seen some vexas all I really
know about her is that she Pops at Al te
the sunight our turret has destroy an
enemy has been slain nice okay an ally
has been slain an ally has been
slain especially when everything is
like holy crap dude how many times is it
our whole gang showing up
Jesus dude my thing keeps hitting even
when I'm dead though so that's really
nice I wonder how much damage it does
with
Autos she unleashes dly grass Okay Hand
an internal guard each attack does 35
Plus her Max HP there is no turning back
okay that's really strong that's
actually really strong I have dire hit
now okay I got to stop binting my team
needs this from
me I got to go help out my mar
noad I'm sorry brother I've let you down
I've let you down as the
Rome as the r ofch
attack
retribution as your Rome I have let you
down
retribution dude the retribution even
looks cool an ally has been
slain
unable retri initiate Retreat bro you
think they remember all the Badness that
I gave them early
game
yeah dude the second skill is just
really fun to use I get
it I wonder what the skill order is on
her I wonder if she opens with ulti for
the guaranteed knock up into the or like
you open with fear into the ulti I guess
is how it would
be dude she's really cool I like her
even though I'm minting right now she's
pretty
cool initiate
Retreat for an enemy has been slain ah
an ally has been statue on Statue action
boys yo get that crab for me oh yeah you
you a babe you a babe holy crap they can
hit crabs bro jungle
vexana anybody with all my heart I shall
strive to be worthy of my people trust
oh I stopped to use my ability which a
got me hit by her ability that was
definitely not a great situation to be
in
there oh yeah we have infinite Mana with
that one
item
retribution fleeing time ah dude that
actually makes sense a lot do she'd
really like
that the sun's radi will light the way
for
us retribution
retribution
guardan an ally nice an
enemy I can't move bro holy
crap holy crap what in the world is a
lot our lot a oh I have her Tower too
dude I feel like I have the tower for
every single hero I don't know I
remember when I first started I wanted
to get those Towers but
uh
legary what happens if you have another
hero like you see how he changes the
Nexus what happens if they added another
hero that changes the Nexus or that has
boats beside the Nexus how about that
function how could you have them both
you
couldn't I guess they can just never do
it
huh oh shoot oh shoot oh
shoot Legend nice all right get me out
of here she's so greedy what items do
she have oh she has the same items as me
we're literally the same your team
destroy exactly oh she has AR s boots no
I have Sor boots too oh yeah my Al's off
cool down yep that's what it's about
that's what it's
about an enemy has been
slain M terrified why don't we just kill
this dude destroy our turret is under
attack bro he's moving like a
maniac initi ret get me out of here our
turret has destroyed
retribution
retribution all right give me out of
here I also have dire hit though so I
actually do more damage in her cuz I
have dire
hit all right let's just go and heal up
a little bit will not falter got it and
let's go see what we can help over
here
yeah I have no idea why my uh my game
was so laggy earlier which just kind of
really sucks but
um so honestly some of you guys I don't
know depending on how I edit the video
maybe I'll even edit out the game and
you guys wanton to see it an enemy has
been
slain you have SL an enemy holy crap
dude she does so much damage did she
just ulti my
ulti an enemy
has I'm pretty sure she ultied my
does that give gold 10 gold huh you guys
want to do Lord truth will Purge their
attack the
Lord you guys want to do Lord request
backup you guys want to do
Lord you guys want to do the lore
like that's not what makes it you guys
want to do the lore
hello hello folks would you guys like to
do
Lord D honestly my my pet does work on
the Lord though an ally Lord
retri enemy has been
SL your team destroyed a
turret
um May the sunlight I got Alti ready for
action oh my God it's max
level
I messed up dude why is your Shield so
big
RB our turret is under retribution
baby accept my accept it I think I might
be higher level than her no she's level
12 too oh she doing worse than me what
does she buy as her third item
interesting she bought more
damage your team destroyed a
turret
What kill what did he
do can it hit Towers that' be kind of NY
if we could H Towers I'd be pretty happy
with
that well she ain't using the same Pro
build as me I tell you
what okay burn
ET an ally SL get back here my
pet
an
ally got some retribution coming in hot
here yo what's going on guys why you all
dying your Rome is busy doing work
rri
rri Oho this guy is like Eager Beaver
huh I will evil from
this Mega kill he just really wanted
me
RB all right get me out here I need to
go heal
retribution yeah she definitely she
definitely scaling I'm feeling the scale
on her she has her cool Downs actually
aren't that long like once you get going
like if you build full CDR on her her
second skill is doing 1,300 damage which
is really
nice all right let's upgrade the tower
the nights are long but a new dawn
always
awaits and the Skin's really sick
like definitely I I don't remember what
she I mean I'm guess I'm playing against
a default skin but this skin just
definitely looks so much better like the
retribution looks cool as
hell
retribution well my pet's doing work I
guess okay team destroyed a turret wait
this is an enemy pet get off
me all right well I think I killed
enough people that I already got my cool
down back off a cool down so
um we just have freaking pets jumping
everywhere
bro May the sun bless
you
retribution get off
me dude the cool down is actually short
enough for me to combo do you think they
saw me go in this bush burn for all
eternity okay I don't have enough burst
to kill the arlet though it's kind of
weird
surrender K oh I can't
move I want to see if he's tanky and
that's why I can't burst him oh he is
kind of tanky he has Oracle and a
thunder belt and he also has tough boots
yeah dude definitely uh somebody
definitely hurt that
dude just I I thought that was like a
damage character so he was going to go
like damage I wonder if I I wonder how I
can check if I have enough
uh an enemy has been I wonder if I have
enough games to play right now Ally has
been SL I don't know if I played her
before or not I'm pretty sure I played
her at least once there's no way I
haven't played her at least
once
an enemy has
been an enem finish them all baby SL
death will come but not
today got that
trail looks like it might end it oh no
no eny team fighting back team destroyed
the
turret if she clears a wave we can't we
can't do anything with it but we have
another wave coming
in killing boom there we go okay so the
game has been properly
ended and um Victory that's a Vex
Victory let's
see uh plus 140 hero
Mastery that does not look like I have
played her before does
it I wonder if you need two games or
just one I mean I'm down there I'm down
I want to go in rank anyway so we'll see
if I have enough if I have enough I'll
play her if not then I'll play something
else it's fine H let's go to the events
log going to get a free skin oh heck
yeah I got log in for 31 days uh heck no
wait ooh
premium we charge any amount of
diamonds 10 Diamond wait you only get
five of them cheap talk is
cheap the enemy is
Banning hey she's unlocked ninja has
arrived let me see what I got I got zero
matches 0% hello my friend all right all
right who else I want to use I wanted to
use gourd but I don't have BL boils
until the day I don't have a skim for
gourd so I kind of just don't want to
bother unless I had a skim for gourd I
also kind of want to do chongi um oh
[ __ ] it's showing me the wrong
lane
um come and join oh yeah I wanted to
play
lunox while she's locked I'm pretty sure
I have a lunox skin maybe it's an epic
skin
does she have a
collector your team is
Banning do you want to make friend okay
Nana is
gone will fall pre please pick a hero
please pick a hero V baby Shadows Loom
but my faith will always zero win rate
yeah I actually think that
um circus musician I actually think that
R is really important owner so this is
kind of one of those characters what I
would prefer to
have sniper ready I would prefer to have
the cool down or cool down over the
other stuff yeah I definitely think that
the main one's pretty good um I just
feel like I also I don't really like I
feel like flame shot's just always
better oh we got a lot of smites on our
team retributions has infused me with
power the enemy is
um this guy who really wants to go exp
line that's really
rough oh wow you got legendary recently
wow grats actually we don't even know
how recent that
is expert Jesus Christ the
flexing I mean I could go roome again
love the smell of gunpowder in the
morning still sword your team is
piing
dude they all have
retribution maybe next game you can get
exp
Jesus the no chill on these players
dude I'll Roam if I got a if he goes for
another if he just if he doesn't want to
roam I can roam I might not be a lighted
man but I do know my traits nice all
right
well uh I guess I can run
you both got an
ego one go mid I'll Ro it's not enough
time all right looks like I'm Roman boys
dude I like how he's blaming a guy for
having an ego when he's also not willing
to give up the lane I mean I understand
he's high pick order but that's just
random like you just you can't say oh
yeah you got an ego or whatever
you both got one you know it's fine I'll
go Rome I'll let them have their
thing it's no big deal I don't mind
Vahala roller Franco I want that
skin like I think that's like the best
Franco skin actually I have the
legendary one so actually I don't want
that skin I did want that skin and I got
the other skin welcome to mobile leg all
right looks like
uh 5 Seconds till the enemy reaches the
battlefield smash them one go mid all
troops
attack I will answer the call of
duty
Jesus Jesus guys sometimes you put your
ego aside yeah so actually is it even
recommending a skill to level I don't
think it is I think second skill's
better
though oh dude it did 600 damage at
level one bro it wasn't doing anywhere
near that much damage when I uh played
it uh late game
RB got to watch for dude that Hook's
really
cool 500 damage why is he did he use his
heal already I
guess retribution
[Music]
retribution yeah you definitely need
Mana regen on this character like bad
oh Franco you little
punk
[Music]
retribution rever blood dude I'm
actually I can't get enough of the
retribution First Blood good game did he
just first blood look at him throw out
that time oh okay
okay okay the taunt coming in
hot good
game bless
you retribution
retribution I mean dude the poke on me
is really good oh wow I walked into that
that was bad you have been SL whoa he
just went in yeah that was really bad by
me has
SL that was my bad request I don't even
know why he used his flicker that was an
actual
waste I was dead anyway but I needed to
go back and heal my Mana
too I like how he's bragging about
winning an epic game in the XP
Lane they really do got an ego don't
they SL the turtle an enemy has SL they
all got an ego an enemy has been
slain uh Franco's probably not even
here I'm going to go around the back
side and just watch
that's not what makes an
empress launch
attack surrender Now launch
attack you have an
enemy nice dude I'm a gigachad holy crap
one must admit best Ram ever I'm sorry I
died early team truth their I got hooked
like a dum
dum my faith will not man I'm so good
I'm choking on how good I
am can't
resist we got to get cool down dude I'm
telling you once you get cool down this
character is
fun it's the cool down is needed for it
though thank you thank
you
retribution retribution good game Gard
Killing Spree yeah we take care of
business we take care of dude they're
just going to buy a bunch of magic
resist though we have so many Magic
characters Oh I thought I had
that okay Franco Jesus chill
brother all right I got this an enemy
has been why are they all going
in
retribution
an ally oh wow he hooked
me initi
Retreat why is he so fast what the
heck oh Jesus does he have
Sprint yeah he does that was probably it
now he dead though an enemy has SL thrs
him right for chasing me down don't give
up let's try again sorry it's okay just
play safe
it's okay just play safe will come but
not today death will come but not today
I like dire hit baby understood the
enemy is
missing the enemy is
missing an enemy has been
slain request backup
okay come my
an ally has SL an enemy
has just doing a little slashing baby an
enemy has been SL just doing a little
slashing dude Vex is really strong so
much so much Zone
control with that ulti just so much Zone
control I wonder if she's meta I don't
really see her that much destroy should
though she's really
good you have slain bro they like he's
all he knows is like hook flicker
there's like minions under Tower so it
doesn't even do anything so what's he
what's he
doing oh I just accidentally used that
on the crab instead of Min enemy has
been
slain double kill our has
destroyed not bad
kill eny
is bro that's Franco dude I want wonder
if she's capable of one shotting though
like a veil would actually Veil doesn't
really one shot anymore
usy oh
wow
okay my bad an I'm just going to I'm
going to let that go yeah my bad good
thing he doesn't do any
damage I'm going to push this wave
I
need this
wave okay they're all like not even near
here I'm just going to help them
push with all my heart I shall strive to
be worthy of my people's trust okay nice
all right let's back let's heal and then
we basically got enough for
our ooh wow that Franco hook my glory
okay my bad that was that was really
bad hm
dang dude it does AOE damage it's kind
of rocking their world just a little bit
oh yeah that was really dumb back of
mine
hey so you and the infernal G do curse
and it'll explode and do
damage does 600 plus okay dude she
doesn't actually scale that
much like the second skill does a lot of
damage but the rest of them don't really
scale it seems like she's
that would more or less scale with like
penetration it kind of almost feels like
you probably get away with making her
tank or something I don't know like ini
ret she doesn't do that much damage from
what I can
see like but I don't know what what's
considered a lot of damage in this game
to be honest I've been playing a bit and
I still don't know how tanky or not
tanky people can
get
retribution your tret is under attack my
bad
again my bad again yeah I mean dude
she's kind of interesting but I wish she
did more damage has
kill you know what I mean like her guard
only does like 700 and then of course it
Autos him for like an extra 300 so like
they put a lot of damage into the auto
her wave clear is really cool her second
skill is probably the best like I really
enjoy your second skill yeah that thing
does like 1,100 which is nice the first
skill only does 330 to nearby enemies
and terrifying them I
mean I mean it does hit twice I guess
it's like an extra 600 damage or
something
on but yeah I definitely feel like pin's
better than AP for
her an ally has been slain it looks like
he's going to go up towards him let's
just push this Tower while we
[Music]
can I guess I like abilities with
delays W how I
miss initiate
Retreat I'm getting out of herey
kill
initiate
Retreat me get me out of here guys I I
can't I'm like you know what I'm just
going to let him die initiate in the
bush just let him die and move all my
life an enemy has been
slain an ally
hasion oh that was a double
hit sorry
okay
okay nope no sir no sir you're not
getting me there not this time not this
time Mr Franco not this time and not
never never
understood I need to heal
retribution retribution how am I doing a
gold by 50 just a little bit more of
amb
beware of Ambush team destroyed a turret
I see Leila oh they see me enemy
Missy
Ally nice that's Karma right there baby
he's trying to run behind his teammate
the
Lila really putting his Lila under the
bus there man she doing work okay not
bad dude honestly I think she could have
killed the dude oh this guy used his
ulti
oh he's so BM okay I agree that guy does
have quite an
ego
uh what is going on wait is he going to
win an ally has been
slain
okay okay so we're level 12
now it'd be nice if I could play VX on
when I'll be in Rome once in my life but
you know I could walk up and kill this
dude if he walks up for the wave
R
AC wait he has ulti back up dude what is
his ulti cool down what I thought he
just literally used it I guess you got
to remember that like Altis in this game
are really short cool
down initiate
Retreat oh dude he got changed didn't he
I kind of want to play him again cuz
he's kind of similar to what I like
which is like Auto attackers and I I
heard he got changed a little bit so so
he actually might be kind of fun yeah I
got to respect that ulti cool down I did
not realize it was that
low oh my God
Leslie legendary dude her first skill
does so much damage death will come but
not
today this is the good that's the best
emoji bro the doggo he's a good
doggo an ally has
slain
ini wait it went the wrong way a bit ini
ret
okay they went the wrong
way our inhibitor turret is under attack
wait what what is going on bot
Lane your team destroy the turret an
enemy has been
slain um
good legary oh man dude I hate when my
autofocus goes in the wrong
direction My Pet's still out there doing
work
they're probably like why is her all
cool down so
short
anet all right there we go boys there we
go let's do
it let's do
it an ally your team destroyed the
turret you have SL all right nice we
can't kill the Nexus there we go woo
finally a little bit of vexana dude
she's fun she's fun I just wish she did
more damage she does damage but not as
much as like Veil you know you know how
I like my veil though man dude does it
ever get tiring having a Climb Every
season guys or do you guys like like
that
7.0 yeah not
bad yeah you better honor me
brother dogs no challenge to all right
let's go use our premium passes let's
see what we
get new arrival wait you can get arrival
tokens how do I disable the animation
well there we go
more rival token what the what is this
scam bro what is this flame red lips
what is that the flame red Li she have
been converted into a son of a
familiarity sweet what is
this death that's a skin doesn't look
like a skin okay well you know is what
it is let's take our daily surprise
triggers Bingo after collecting five
trigger Bingo it doesn't give you no
Bingo it gives you one thing of bingo
all right um let's go and queue it up
again in and get ready for yet another
game
um
claim New Year
surprise oh my God untap to open it's a
freaking YouTube video don't mind my cat
videos okay my cat you like use my
tablet guys tap to open I thought I was
going to get like some diamonds or
something team is
banning all right what do we got here
all I got to go mid I mean I'm down the
I'm down to go like exp lane or
something the enemy is Banning ninja has
arrived just dxp and split push for the
rest of my days I'm also I'm down to go
anything honestly I don't really want to
go Rome
again my I'm down to go anything team
may selected no they didn't do you want
to make friends with
n yeah I think is actually probably a
good
idea yeah honestly
that's the thing it's like in League of
Legends I will literally only go only Go
Jungle it's like it's a big commitment
when you play a game in league but on
here it's
like I don't know it just doesn't feel
as bad to play other characters on this
game kill all at once your team is
picking I I could do anything I could do
jungle I could do XP I just don't want
to do Rome
again this guy likes a Rome I think so
yeah he plays 22 support I'll play
whatever oh yeah navaria was really fun
too huh the enemy is picking
love outshines the golden come on let's
roll your team is
picking I tolerate no invaders the enem
okay I getp
here also they added some really cool
crit items to make uh Zong
now ENT the SE please pick a hero my
turn to pick reveal foul
creatures glorious General honestly dude
The Collector skin is best one so I
think Z long is basically my first ever
hero that I really
enjoyed Pro setups am I using a pro
setup right
now oh this guy uses wind speaker which
I really
like I really like that
one weaving through
time BL spare wait so you only get 60%
crit in that
one oh you only get 60% crit in all of
[Music]
these I mean I guess that's okay because
at the end day you probably want to
split o I really like I really like
going rapid boots
too for like Swip pushing I mean dude
like honestly ly like why would you ever
get Swift boots it's only 15% attack
speed that's nothing that's nothing now
I think about it like in League of
Legends the Swift boots are 35% attack
speed in this game they're only 15%
they're not that good they're really not
that
good like I I definitely think I put too
much emphasis on those and League of
Legends fwip boots are they're already
like kind of like I don't really know if
I want them or not but
yeah
we got the skin Advantage
boys welcome to mobile
Legend 5 Seconds till the enemy reaches
the battlefield smash
them yeah my bad my bad my bad my bad
dude doesn't doesn't show me which skill
I should level I mean I know which skill
I want to level
but good enough leash for that dude give
him a nice saw leash so he can go out
and make some plays you know I'm just
going to chill in
Lane I will take over the I don't know
where the other dude is as I
should where is is their exp laner their
Advance ends here oh
Johnson who's our exp laner oh it's
like they have what who laner I'm so
confused
[Music]
Shake ow
be and uhoh oh I heard my I heard my my
game sound was kind of messed up is the
game still good well last thing I need
is like my my mobile app to to not work
BL cuz if it doesn't work dude it's
going to be so hard to record mlbb stuff
okay it looks like we're still good
though maybe it's just me getting really
hyper excited that used to happen on my
phone I get really excited and it with
unplug oh Jesus oh Jesus oh Jesus you
SL an enemy has oh jees dud he's just
like sitting on my Lane huh I mean it's
okay though I don't I don't really care
if he gets like fed it doesn't really
matter with ch I hold my spear because
all all it is is like it's just a uh
it's a Johnson right and I have movement
speed so I can just move back to Lane
really fast I'm probably not even going
to miss a minion to be honest so it's
not a big
deal chaos will not Prevail in this
realm bro I wish I would hit the minion
I know I got to use the got to use a
minion Tapper
instead is the ultimate all right
Johnson's on the Move God knows where
Beena ran into a wall or something has
SL I could not imagine him rolling back
around in this Lane we're not going to
have turtle and that's partially because
of me partially I mean it is uh SL the
turtle is my
fault okay they're all fighting so I'm
just going to get Tower I mean it's of
extra gold for me right
like I mean this is what I'm going to do
all game the split Johnson's not even
here anymore nobody cares about
me nobody
cares nobody cares about me whoa why
does it just hit the creep in
front no biggie boys we just we're doing
our thing we're doing our zong thing
dude this is like a zong my dream right
now Epic hell baby epic hell an ally you
destroyed a
turret
sh like dude Zong and pushing Towers
name a more iconic
combo always at the tip of the spear I
mean I have Altis so I was going to run
away where's the cannon did the cannon
die son of a son of a poopy
head why are they together are they like
trolling they don't know I'm here right
they don't have Vision on me right wait
is Angela teleporting to me it's not
thewe the
existence you have SL an enemy run
Angela run you have been
slain
H yeah I didn't realize Johnson was
going to be able to run all the way back
over
there um do I want to run top now and
try to get top Tower I don't think
Hanabi would give me her Tower
though cuz there's still gold on that
Tower oh it's only 30 seconds though
it'll be gone hey we just keep going
dude I got wind speaker now wind speaker
for maximum uh postage you know what I
mean is not ready
bro what is going on in this Lane it had
nobody now it has
everybody it had nobody now it has
everybody this
is is not ready beasted demons checked
oh they're going the other
way but it looks like Johnson's actually
coming down here
now oh he went top an ally has slain the
turtle s
you have SL an enemy D Marksman getting
Reed I love it D I love this wind
speaker that's why I'm using this other
Pros build is I like the the wind
speaker way more than not death is the
ultimate I keep missing Cannons of
random people coming the
lane oh it hit me heck only I know all
right I got Alti now
uh I guess I'll go back and just heal I
guess
like how did they how did they say that
is your team destroy turet how do they
say en enemy Johnson
incoming okay that dude just L walked in
that you think I can kill her I think I
kill
her sweep the
existence you have SL an enemy
I'm a little tanky baby Odette all you
got is a clock that ain't enough for me
that ain't enough for
me oh yeah this is my Z long dream right
here I I love this this is this is
gameplay for me if I could do this every
game I'd main
zong but there's no
Camp it's literally you just live for
this bro split pushing a tower there's
nothing there's nothing more sexy than
this your team destroyed a turret
watch out for
flanking watch out for flanking
destroy sweep the
[Laughter]
existence that was a good time oh
man the
Jukes chaos attack in this killing
the hey I'm just doing my my zong thing
guys no
biggie initiate ret bro the the out of
combat movement speed plus my ulti oh
it's so nice all right what's next
dragon spear I want more crit
though myar by the
of the an ally has slain the turtle Mega
kill an enemy has been slain no I died
shut down oh you Angela I did it for I
did it for you I walked so you could run
Angela she's going to get the tower
that's my tower an enemy has been I
worked hard to push that it belongs to
me Angela an enemy has been slain
should have kept running oh she's good
she made
it Hur to watch hey I'm heading up Top
Lane I'll see you losers
later somebody's got to split push some
Towers you know what I mean this is my
life it's my
life oh that was an accident Mountain
shake out
for
wait did it HP not
heal you have been
SL initiate my bad my
bad Johnson in my face I mean I'm just
kind of hoping B Lan pushes itself out
you know dude I I think that they're way
more eager to go
bot or top I guess that's their bot my
top
huh it's kind of funny when you think
about it from their perspective they're
playing on bot lane from our perspective
they're playing on Top Lane and that
something be determined and strong
willed be determined and strong
willed hey what are you doing launch
attack I see
you watch out for
flanking you have slain an enemy
chaos will not why does everybody got
these big ass
Shields an enemy has been slain where
are they getting these shields from huh
you have slain an
enemy getting panda on us oh they got
her I don't they don't need
me okay they do need me what can nobody
just kill
her just just kill her uh GG well there
we go guys we got some uh
ah amazing amazing zong dude I love zong
so much strong gaming ability I don't
know what that is but oh it means we're
playing against stronger players right I
did not get MVP unfortunately but five
win streak and R wait why am I not
getting a win streak
bonus is there no win streak bonus
anymore dude I was too
away sometimes you can tell um Hero
Academy yeah all right ranked it
up what we got here the shop is shining
for me give me 30 oras 20 that's pretty
good
actually I gained one lucky
Point that's kind of why what like
that's like if you do if you do a 100
days you get one free draw
huh that's
something please ban a hero all right
what do we want one now I really
actually I don't want to play Gold Lane
that's a lane that I don't really
like
um dude I think they nerfed my boy Veil
though I'm down to play some Veil I
suppose but I think they Nerf my boy
Veil or I can play navaria the enemy is
Banning
hello my
friend let's hear from the crap Make
some noise for your
truly do you want to make friends with
Nana ready go the enemy is
Banning I'm feeling my mid lane dude I
tried Odette I think I have an odet skin
but I don't I don't like Odette welcome
to the greatest match legendary team is
picking G isn't it weird to like show
that you've been Legend at some point
isn't it weird experience like the
reason why I think that just such a
weird metric is because everybody's
gotten Legend on a hero right like if
you play a hero at least 10 times you're
probably going to go legend at least one
time and on top of that you don't know
what ELO they went Legend in they could
have went Legend in lower ELO before
they got the higher ELO right to me it
just doesn't make any
sense
is somebody hear a mage man fighter Mar
play fighter please Pi a hero ninj has
AR I really really really really really
against
Hanzo against
Hanzo I think against Hanzo we go valer
humans disposable by
Design the issue
with the issue I'm having here is that
you know know how Hanzo is he gets up on
you and there's nothing you can do about
it and you just die right at least with
valer you can push him away and then you
can also cleanse his
slow this is very specifically a counter
pick I feel I do what I want your team
is picking I definitely think it's worth
it to do a counter pick
here because every time I play against
Hanzo I just get
annoyed I like these little recommend to
need XP Lane need
Rome Love and Hope are the two greatest
inventions Love and Hope are the two
greatest inventions Rises when I give
the the enemy is picking I want to try
that s dude at some point too oh yeah
valer is such a pain in ass play against
for uh that dude down
there wait which one's better Leo iy or
Phoenix I think Leo is better
huh maybe we go infernal
Blaze no I want to play Leo I haven't
played him in a while oh I was really
hoping he'd play uh I mean Uranus gets
knocked back
too a perfect lineup they're bound to
lose yeah that's how I feel about this
guys that's how I feel about
this okay
let's go dude they have a full Korea
team do we fear
it
saki oh yeah by the way if you guys have
any questions or anything regarding like
M4 or Pro play or how League Pro play is
you feel free to leave a comment I read
them
all 5 Seconds till the enemy reach
upgrade my tower
Myer Myer where's the enemy at I'm just
going to walk up and Fireball
him thank
you request
backup whoops that was the wrong
button I'll Take You Down
[Music]
H all right nice all right so we
actually have some pryo for this crab
doesn't look like my boy wants it
though oh he does that is my
boy oh how' I miss
that it's okay we're just uh we're doing
damage we're doing damage you
know all right not bad not bad not bad
not
bad okay so I just want to get a nice
little shove here and then I want to go
back and
heal I can destroy their body or their
mind all right I got to get out I think
I should missed one of those
Golds I'm just a little low
bo bo all right so what do we got here
ice queen oneand is a rush item I could
have sworn like we used to rush the
glowing oneand but I guess it kind of
makes sense that we're going for more
utility ice queen one got Nerf though
right I don't
know wait where did all my health go
what in the world
I'll take I was trying to blow her heal
dude I'm coming an ally SL the
turtle phantom
punch oh he ran in a really awkward way
I think his phone broke or something who
run that way ooh my auto Target went the
wrong way
um I no longer fight for myself this
time but for everyone for everyone all
right I got to go heal again I'm losing
a lot of HP SP Vamp anybody anybody
what's really interesting is how much
aer's build is kind of like changed over
the since I started playing them like
with the the changes to the ice queen
wand I think even glowing wand got some
changes and then concentrated
energy an ally has been
slain an enemy has been SL
SL bro that that just does poke damage
for
days okay I need a ram I'll go
help an enemy has been slain
phanton be him wait does he get stunned
out of that double kill
okay wa I almost died I thought I stuned
him out of his ulti but I don't think
you can I dare
toeng okay well making progress making
progress I mean dude the slow on the
valer like the push back into the slow
and stuff I think that just it just give
them so much more damage too when you
have a hard time moving out the
fireballs an enemy has been SL like look
at this like is this not just the most
obnoxious thing to play against an ally
SL like dude the just and that's without
the slow like once you get the slow it
just dude I've always known Bel is op
I've told you guys anybody watch my
videos I told you guys this Champions
this hero is op I think people finally
started to realize
it he's fun as hell to play too will I
see my brothers in this Arena there's
nothing more fun than like controlling
what everybody does the
turtle how did that stun me from there
huh Ally has slain the tur I already
lost all my
shield all
right look at that wave clear too they
actually buffed his wave clear enem
missing I don't have any camps S I
killed them
all um oh no no no move move I'm in the
shop oh an enemy has been
slain okay that was a
mistake the CL it was
uh was not my intention to almost die
there guys I I made a mistake I got
stuck in the shop I saw her coming but I
got stuck in the shop cuz like when
you're playing on PC you just hit the
Escape key here I had to like get the
key
your team destroyed a
turret oh no oh no oh no that was really
greedy I got really greedy has been SL
wait did she ulti him instead of me come
on
baby it could have it could have been
me I mean dude I don't know I just feel
like whenever I'm I'm playing wait what
is that oh that's Sand Dude huh that was
his meditate sorry in League of Legend
mashi has an ability like that that's
character I play It's called meditate
like he just sits here and heals
right Hanabi hanab is my favorite Mark
by the way has SL and she got Buffs
since I started playing when I first
started everybody's like don't play
hanab to bad she's actually pretty
good yep that's why we play valer right
there
that guy alone made me play valer your
team destroyed a turret how the feel
your team must be must hate you they
hate you if
Turtle they would have hate you if they
knew why they would playing against a
valer right
now an enemy has been slain
blasted all right Turtle
dead that's the thing is you don't even
need to be good to play valer D you just
just play
he just play valer you
win I remember the flower next to the
volcano dude I clear so slow though like
the when you're doing the normal minions
like as they scale you lose a lot of AP
right so like you don't have much
AP I'm out of shots by I but shut down
an
enemy my bad boys and girls initiate
Retreat my bad I'm out of here H be
going in for the kill though I want to
play some H if I get gold line I'm
playing H she fun I missed her I think I
have a skin for it too I only play
Heroes I have skins for guess it's How
We
Roll all right got my doggo can I can I
summon my thing yet no still can't put
up in another Tower I'm going to make
all three towers and M lame
me mega
kill Theus is angry at his team skill
level is what he's complaining about
an enemy has SL bro I have not gotten a
single kill an ally initiate
Retreat he is not a happy camper
here andarn he is he is not looking very
happy no
sir understandable I mean Uranus is
pretty hard to play into AER I
think let's go
heal
I mean I still have HP and I could
probably use my heal thing but I'd
rather just just heal up and be good BR
pushing bot Lan by himself I'd just
rather team fight though give my glor
one how we doing any kills anybody have
zero death our turret has destroyed
Angela Angela going for that mvp I'll
kill anyone to protect the world at the
Lord got my glowing
one got my glow one oh yeah dude valer
can actually kill Lord now it's freaking
insane dude it was so bad like killing
valer was so or like kill Lord valer was
so bad before it felt really bad I no
fight for
myself that's great that was like hands
down in my opinion the best change that
ever come out of this game or on valer
not as tough as it
looks I can destroy their body like I I
kind of I kind of dislike how they made
it so
uh holy
crap oh my God the Wombo bro my dud I
killed somebody I was dead how long was
I dead for it I still got a kill that's
so
funny bro they literally just collapsed
on me they used everything on me and
then they just all
died dude Hanzo dog oh my God your team
destroyed
tret the uran is just going hard bro
let's uh let's get another valer Tower
going here guys there we go if this game
goes on long enough we can make every
Tower of theer
tower that's the goal that's the
plan the goal and the plan your team
destroyed a
turret bro wait did she Alti
killing I'm pretty sure she all
did that's
[Music]
funny death Queen Island I'll visit you
wait did I just stun that thing or is it
why is it just hting
there he's talk about he's higher level
than his
teammate I'll
not
wrong she dead you have slain she got
burnt Wrath of the
Phoenix just waiting for this wave here
wait why is my minion up there blocking
the wave what's going
on my minions blocking the wave guys we
can't have that no
sir your team destroyed a turret
no I'll you
down no oh she's running dude she going
in she Ender K straight end and she just
she has no fear boys oh shoot where am I
bro stop hitting this thing my auto
aimim
bro people like desur is I swear man
it's more typing than playing bro more
typing than playing he's a keyboard
Warrior shut
down an enemy has been
slain look at him he's just sitting
there typing initiate
Retreat I think OD Dead's literally kind
of running it down a little
bit just a little
bit I mean I kind of don't blame him
with the way that uh dude is Flaming
him
legendary oh I died yeah he finally got
me I didn't have my spells up so bro
once like Hanzo gets going he gets going
what he
buy corrosion the blade Marine King to
Gold step so he's like an on hit o I
just realized that I'm accidentally
buying destroy tret you know what dude
we're going to buy the we're going to
buy this we don't need no
anti-heal
legendary pushing it in there dude it's
32
to9 someone help these four people this
is a this is a
murder
pushing
in I always rise from the
ash an ally has slain
Lord an ally has slain Lord
down thank you okay not
bad
sry come on
baby
kill oh I missed no I missed oh my God
I'm bad dude that did 3K
damage no I'm just chilling man I'm just
chilling for my carry
bro bro Angela chasing him down dude got
no chill bro I I never see that
say
[Music]
the dead dog on that
dude you walking around on my body like
come on
bro there we go a phoenix finally the
recognition I deserve as a dead
veer
team see like the thing is Hanzo feels
really oppressive when he gets
ahead all right we're going to finish
off this Tower and all three are
dead you destroy the
turret oh
no oh no dude the the actual odep plan
just ruined
me she can kite no who is that oh that's
Sand Dude does he have ulti or is this
heal his ulti dude they're so
low oh
man uh that's
disappointing I want I wish
back I wish I was playing uh I wish I
was playing Veil right now dude I just
want to do some damage our turret is
under my veil just sounds like it'd be a
good time our tret has been
destroyed I always rise from the
ash all right let's go
together bro what are those Rift things
that's
cool
an enemy has been
SL double kill oh [ __ ] I did it again
dude I keep using my abilities in
instead of waiting for that dude you
just go in on that dude oh he killed the
Hanzo Shadow oh my God that's so
funny meditating W hanabe kills
everybody let's go GG dude that was that
was a well play oh my God he lived in
one HP that would have been GG I mean it
could still be GG though we just got to
wait for her to shove The Wave
in I mean she has 14 seconds and she
wins a 1 V1 she wins a
game one vers one go go yeah no [ __ ]
here he
goes oh my god dude is he not going to
Shooter like what was
that brother just let the game win
Victory thank you all right let me see
am I getting extra star raising points
for winning streak oh I am why is it
only 100 I thought it was 200 is it cuz
my my winning streak ain't like high
enough I guess or maybe they made it
harder to climb dude I didn't do that
well that game but that's
fine um
to all right what do we got dude are any
of these packages worth
buying like this what is this rare
fragment okay so here's the problem I
have with those rare
fragments is that like they don't really
do anything for me I have
2,000 I have 2,000 purple ones I don't
know what to buy with them because I
have skins for all the characters right
and I already own most of the Skins
anyway so it's kind of like what do you
what do you buy with these like there's
there's nothing to buy this one has some
better choices like a gourge skin all
right there we go I got a gour SK
like this one has some choices but like
it's still not that many own own own I
wonder if you can own any of these SK
can you get skins for Heroes you don't
own sounds like it'd be kind of worth it
in draws to just not buy Heroes you
don't care
about I have a lot of you guys remember
when I first started playing this game I
had uh I was buying Heroes with
diamonds boy your team is Look at me now
now I have 100,000
BP okay what do we get got I could have
sworn I played lunox in mid lane in rank
before but she's locked some
Nar maybe some
nooria love and hope your team is
Banning oh dude I finally got mid I'm
going to run her I'm going to run her
now that I finally have mid and see what
it's like to not be Rome Onex I'm dying
to see what it's like to not be
Rome
welcome to the greatest magic show of
all time please pick a hero like to like
kill Lane I want to like kill Lane my
Fai protect me yeah I don't understand
why people are us a fcker over flame
shot flame shot's wor at
baby yora we believe in
music your team ninja has arrived no man
not the Hanzo bro not the
Hanzo I actually dude this thing has
like kind of feel like a noob because uh
Hanzo actually kind of bothers me I
don't want to play against a
Hanzo I do what I want to do we got di
Roth H's better you guys you're going to
smash my win streak the enemy is that's
how I feel like they're going to do it
they're going to smash my win streak
guys go oh yeah so uh I don't know I I
think I told you guys but I'm going to
try to do one video every two weeks for
mobile Legends now on on each channel so
I'm going to try to do a video every
week feared mobile Legend So I have two
channels Cann both I think I probably
link it in the comments we'll see and I
just want to space them out between the
channels because I find that the
viewership is a lot better on them so if
you want to have weekly videos you
should make sure you're on both channels
uh otherwise I'll do them bi-weekly I
think bi-weekly is a really solid we
just release like a 4our video every two
weeks so just imagine guys you get 14
days for your Tru
is 10 that's like 20 minutes you're
literally getting almost like 20 minutes
of mobile Legends a day if you decide to
watch one game a day when you think
about it though honestly I know this one
was a little bit special because we
reviewed him
for yeah I need flame shot cuz if I
don't have flame shot Hanzo is just
going to murder me I'm getting real
tired of Hanzo though let me tell you
about
it we just got to play passively
oh baby to noile
Legends I guess we'll go with our
explosion here 5 Seconds till the enemy
reaches the battlefield smash
them all troops
deployed I will the okay the enemy is
Miss the enemy is missing there's
someone in the bush
there's someone in the bush someone in
the bush I love that emoji
okay bro look at this clear let's go now
I can
roam dude this is great literally free
roam
dude sit by level two Rome on the Hanzo
that's not what makes an
empress get him Franco get him you'll
get a Slicker for
sure oh no my
heal oh bro I thought I was playing Veil
dude I didn't realize he was going to
hit me with that holy
crap okay I got to get out of here I
lost too much
HP too much HP boys too much
HP all right okay
First
Blood well okay so we kill this and then
we R
bot I mean I should be able to just like
full clear this wave like
instantly thank
you oh it's so good the wave clear is so
good holy
crap request
battle bro I really struggle with the
finger
movements I missed everything oh oh dude
I tried to push her back but she moved
oh the Franco you have SL an
enemy I can't move oh my goodness
initiate Retreat oh goodness dude
they're all there holy
crap holy crap they got there fast all
right let's get the enchanted hous there
is no turning
back bro that I would say V probably
have some of the best RS in the game
like you can literally just love tap the
thing and then Roam and you got good CC
too oh wow that Turtle gives a rrap ton
of a
exp with all my I shall to I don't know
what that dude's doing you have Pro
decided to go in on me there I don't
know oh my God and then on top of that
your pet does a ton of pushing damage
too request backup I'm coming
underst bro what is that
CC
oh I don't have a burn I don't have a
burn only back
okay dude yora you trying to out Ro me
baby trying to outr me you can't out run
me bro dude look at how you just cleared
that wa dude you don't even have to be
mid you're in mid for like 2 seconds an
ally and then you go somewhere else it's
insane request backup thank you launch
attack
oh bro she's actually doing really solid
rooms to be honest she's following every
single one of my rooms she she had deal
with my stuff huh dude I kind of tempted
to get some in Mar so she can one shot
me how much AP did I have though she's
the only AP which kind of
sucks you know there's someone in the
bush I'm SAG
good Ram follows by her but you know it
is what it is an enemy has
okay
okay oh my god dude all right see
you see you I'm going bot
again is not
ready your team destroyed a turret oh
she didn't know which way I went this
time
Retreat what what what the where did my
fear go oh my God Al has been slain I'm
sorry guys my fear went in the wrong way
like I uhoh uhoh is my game getting
roughed up again no why hang on I'm
going to I'm restarting it I'm
restarting it before it becomes too much
of a problem
guys give me a
sec uh dude this is really really
bad all right okay I'm pulling it back
up
again hopefully it starts loading
okay yeah yeah yeah we're good we good
okay we're good we're
good yeah I think that like her AP
ratios had to be
low because if they aren't then she's
just going to like completely demolish
waves and stuff you know oh I got a Vex
thing here all right let's do that okay
so far so good we're back to bro I don't
know it's uh maybe it's the cable maybe
my cable's loose or something I don't
know like yeah I'm definitely going to
have to figure that out because if I'm
going to have problems with my cable or
whatever it's going to really make it
hard to make content so I'll I'll try a
different cable maybe I don't know we
did pretty good today but then just
randomly messed up I'm not sure if it's
like my PC or if it's a
cable it can't be my PC but I'm going to
be I'm going to be using a different SSD
really soon so that'll basically tell me
if it's a
PC oh she jumpy what why is my why is my
ability doing an enemy has been
slain you SL request backup bro I I
don't understand how my auto aim flame
shot goes in the opposite direction of
where that guy's at double kill CC I
don't know what she
does that was really
weird that's what I get for being lazy
with my selection and huh yeah I'm not
sure why it went the wrong way turning
back because like okay I can understand
if it goes the the wrong way if she's
like further away right but like she was
right beside me so the flame shot should
have like been like yeah you
know you know go that go that
[Music]
direction killing destroy a
tret bro I have no idea what cc
does I do know she was killing my my my
thing though I'll she top now an ally
has been
slain
oh she coming I should have hid in this
bush I will Scorch evil from this land
Mia
report
yeah the are long but always aware an
ally has SL doesn't seem concerned about
the
turtle request backup yeah let's get
that uh tret you just walk up and Alti
him you don't have to try and hook that
initiate
Retreat killing all right well we killed
CC nice is she a new
hero all right good the Franco hook dude
that's the thing about Franco Franco is
hella fun cuz once you get a hook you
win it's like gg gg the hook is the most
satisfying feeling oh my God ooh that
flicker oh okay I got to go
heal is my dude dead my dude dead see
you as long as my followers need
me they mad I'm alive they man I don't
know I guess genius one's pretty good
because the the B whatam call it
probably assigned it hang on boys this
is very important an ally it's very
important every Tower must look like
me every Tower must look like
me
evil
unable probably didn't need to toss my
Alti on her but
feeling cute might might toss salti
later kill might toss Alti
later I want to keep my Alti alive so I
pulled it
back I mean I lose gold oh shoot I
thought Franco was an
enemy is not
ready
retribution
retribution with all my heart I shall
strive to be worthy of my people's trust
H the Flames of truth will Purge can we
not see over this wall we can
right no come back Ally
has it
did can I buy what is to stop me from
buying dire boots
ESS like right now like could I just buy
dire boots like what what stops me from
doing doing
this an ally has
SL like I don't share gold anyway right
I get all my
Golder like to me it seems like it makes
sense to get the dire boots but I guess
you got to be last and gold to get them
huh so if you're not last and gold then
it's kind of whatever like it doesn't
hurt me to have them though does it so I
might as well have them request back
up wait how did that not push him back I
I don't understand how that didn't push
him back
my that's the whole reason I brought the
flame
shot oh wow dude the AOE AR that's huge
I I can see why ratios are low though
like when the stars align for they align
for hanzo's so annoying dude I'm kind of
I'm over that him I guess if I I'm
getting dire hit it means I'm lasting
gold
right your team destroy theet tur back
is ready Mia's pushing top get it Mia
fear
nothing your team destroy has SL report
Mia I mean not good try I mean report
Mia May the sun bless
you I wonder if my pet counts as like a
Minion for the purposes of a
tower retribution
don't worry guys I'll get the tower
the nope it does
not bro that dude Cil C is like really
annoying
huh I've just got to toss my skill shots
until I hit
something
retribution baby I mean I can afford
that so just toss it like where the most
enemies are until you get a hit hanzo's
looking for somebody he can't find
nobody the Flames of truth will Purge
their yeah I don't want to give him
extra gold for killing my boy but I just
did
anyway
M no I just pulled it
out give me that give me that dude
honestly the wave clear on her is
uh request
back the wave clear on this character is
pretty good at least early on it gets
kind of bad a little later but it's
pretty good
early um an enemy has
been all right the gigachad Mia
herself
H Franco going to defend the Lord I kind
of want to play some Franco whenever I
play Franco I build him
ad this dude is built like Panky plus
some AP I guess let's see how this
dude's doing on the
Lord but not
today our turret has been
destroyed okay Lord secured an ally has
SL
Lord will for
us little greedy
here that's some Revenge right there bro
that's what you get you flickered onto
me to kill me I just I just straight up
dropped my dude on
you that's how scared of you I am that's
how scared of you I am
oh
wow I died really fast I think we just
open up their base here though desty
theet your team destroyed a turret Mia's
going to go hard oh an enemy has bro
Mia's like kind of that dream that ad0
car dream where you scale and kill
everybody okay can you guys just kill
the Nexus please just kill team destroy
give me out okay thank God for minions
okay so there we go we managed to pick
up yet another Victory dude honestly I'm
just ranking up I think if I if I stick
with my plan to do a video every week I
could probably get this account in the
mythical Glory maybe maybe I don't know
I guess it depends
on no probably just Mythic I just I
don't think I have enough games to play
mythical Glory not with my win rate I
think I only got like 60% or 65% in
Mythic sometimes you can
tell uh dude it it keeps telling me to
come into here and it's like drawing me
nuts hero frag I got 67 draws I don't
really want anything I'm just going to
do a time cuz I want to there we go
lucky gem fragment what do I spend these
fragments on I got
50 butterfly goddess I already got a
that so Hero Academy M6 pull wait we
vote on the
skin
why doesn't the skin just go to the
person that got MVP doesn't it go to the
person that goes MVP or am I thinking of
M4 oh I got a lot of dailies claim all
Celestial Tas what do I even get for
Celestial Tas I don't even know it's
like five Creeps in a single match oh
boy oh boy I don't know if I could do
that H what are we going to run this
time what do we run this time
all right not going to go for that one
let go to clim all maybe I'll actually
finish my Starlight
too Starlight seems to
be Starlight appears to be a problem for
me current task XP complete one match
how do I get more task oh it like
refresh is on a daily
basis it doesn't reward really Hardcore
gameplay huh your team is
Banning wait that means I only got four
play sessions that means there's no way
I'll finish
Starlight and hope the enemy is Banning
okay I'm going to ban Hanzo
bro mid that guy wants to go gold upon
the edge Wow you went legendary tell me
more please ban a hero please ban a hero
um where is
Hanzo not that I really care about I
mean I kind likeo I mean Hanzo just kind
of he's really oppressive because like
you come and he just goes back to where
he was like you're forced to deal with
him you
know kill all at once the enemy is sa
saber was one of my Mains for so long I
haven't played him in a while like if I
had to play if I had to play jungle sure
your team is picking
okay I mean I could play jungle real
foul is picking the real foul creatures
what the want to make friends
with is
picking fear should King y tremble this
guy can proba play jungle otherwise Bo
until the day I die whatow as freely as
I want to run this skin or do I want to
try one of my other epics it is better
to be feared than love what a great team
player both he has actually a pretty
good team
player I really appreciate you Republic
I appreciate
you bmon who's the X Ling when oh she's
kind of op isn't she can I get like a
more to deal with her like can I just
stack mrr and then she won't be a
problem at all I wonder how that RS I'm
born with Talent
wonder how that one
rolls uh what do we got what do we got
what do we got what do we
got last change my body's
ready ready for some zong baby against
the gwi ofir I don't know how I'm going
to beat
her I don't know I'm not very confident
in my 1 V one ability oh he has a
legendary Frank
skin hey we got the
Skins we win these yo Leila should have
a freaking color skin mobile Legends
because of how popular she is
right 5 Seconds till the enemy reaches
the battlefield smash
them all troops
deployed H initiate Retreat death is the
ultimate
initiate
Retreat all right Veil is back finally
he kind of missed some of his stuff
there Prevail in all right well we got a
great leash on the
yons I Define what a true warrior
is
first
nice let's go let's
go I'm so happy that I'm not Ting I'm
going to I'm not even going to get the
boots
first I don't need
them I do not need them yeah I hit level
two before she was too
passive I'd rather get like damage or
something so I went straight up because
the boots are more like the boots are
like more late gamish right
so if I could just grab the like the
wind speaker first or something she
didn't get that CS there nice yeah I'm
winning My Lan hard she's got to be here
by now I don't know where she's at but
she got to be
here myar
appli well she was killing a camp Rogue
meteor I'm just trying to keep my
snowball
going
no I took unnecessary Tower
[Music]
damage the only I know all right I'm
going to roam I know it sounds kind of
funny
but or maybe I'll just kill crab Ally
has been SL can I even kill this like I
guess I can yeah I kill it it's not that
bad's on his way
though wait it didn't cancel his
thing oh shoot oh shoot oh shoot my
bad my bad my bad I played that so bad
oh my God that heal saved me though I
guess I do need the boots now can I buy
these IR give me give me give me give me
give me give me me give me me give me
all right boots are required now enemy
has SL I now am officially on the
[Music]
move the enemy has slain the
turtle
existence oh
boy I tried
man I think I'm doing way more than is
expected out of me as a uh exp
laner oh [ __ ] get me out oh my God I
can't get out dude oh my goodness oh
yeah nice nice nice nice nice nice nice
Franco my boy the Boy Wonder nice wait
how am I not getting assist from that an
enemy has been slain H I should
definitely be from that take over the
battlef that weird as I should
okay I'll just shove this lame real
quick and then back
off not victory that I seek it's the
piece it breaks your team destroyed a
turret be determined okay I'm going to
buy
it oh good hook nobody's there to follow
up though when is pushing I got to go
hold it I don't think I beat her
anymore request back
okay
you have SL an enemy good suppression
baby does she already have an item done
she did
not I was going to say if she has an
item done I don't I'd be very
disappointed all right Franco let's kill
this Tower buddy we're going to full
destroy this Tower it's not even about
the gold anymore it's about the entire
Tower Warrior
is yeah you destroyed a turret
yep bro I actually really like this wind
speaker thing like in League of Legends
we have an AOE item it's called pamat
and it kind of serves the same purpose
where you're supposed to wave there with
it but honestly I think that item just
sucks it's like an AOE around the
monster that you hit it wind speaker
just bouncing down the wave is just
peachy
peachy our turret has been
destroyed onward is the only Direction I
know
H why do I do no
damage D what you have been
slain what am I just like CC that entire
duration that's insane that like CC
duration is actually
crazy so it's all magic right bro
honestly is there any I'm going to
prioritize it is there any like crit
that gives the enemy SL the turtle an
enemy has been slain what is this armor
Mr okay Ally has SL okay there's
like I'm going to get the meteoric or
whatever this is I'm just going to grab
this crit I'm going to get it before I
even get the
crit I'm tired of her is the ultimate
tired of her turret has been destroyed
she ain't going to get away with that no
more our turret under attack
losing their Advance ends here an ally
has been
an enemy has been
slain chaos will not hey man I'm just
going to keep getting Towers that's what
I do you destroy the turret until they
get
annoyed they already look
annoyed she was pushing top and then she
stopped and came bot and literally
everybody else is also coming
bot that's what I call Annoying enemies
slowly but
surely is it just just a typical Shield
oh it's a shield that scales with
level oh wow you get 50% move speed too
that's
insane all right uh she's pushing bot so
now I push
top no no no no no we win these we win
these win these hang in
there just got to got to be a little
patient as I should
an enemy has been
slain did they know I'm
here what the [ __ ] the
existence our turret is under
attack
of an ally has been SL an enemy has been
slain I tried to do what I could man
what is everybody doing it's just me and
Aman versus basically all of them and
everybody else is like back up jungling
or something I don't know and a man's
are jungler like where's Mia at like
boys you want to get up in
here I mean at least she's getting a
tower I guess your team desty one at a
time one at a time I need more crit
maybe Demon Hunter sword wait what is
somebody dead the eny Lord I mean this
is okay though which lane is our weakest
Top Lane I'll go
R me I'm running I know that Lea the way
that she like hit me when I was in the
fog of War you know she was like the way
she was playing was just very uh uh just
very annoying to deal with wait it's
going down oh mid is are weaker Lane
what the
hell oh yeah it is slightly
beasted demons
checked
Invincible request backup I'm coming
dude they have a Nana it's not the
victory that I seek our turret is under
attack attack I'm coming our turret has
been
destroyed an ally has an enemy has been
slain you have slain an
enemy double kill
I mean Nana had the start I would have
kept going I wouldn't have helped that
fight if Nana wasn't
there Nana it's Nana's fault just want
you to know that enemy
team I got to go push now my spear
abides by the law of Mia
pushbot how many freaking Lord minions
are there I thought we killed them
all
of iron may break but never my will
sweep the existence I mean my LT is only
like a 37 coold down it's not that big
of a
deal okay dude I just want to push this
top Tower but they won't let
me your team destroyed a turret they
legitimately will not let me I'm going
to go push but then f it our turret is
under attack our turret has been
destroyed I wish I had TP a rival I mean
it's worse for PVP but man let me back
door would be really nice is under
attack be determined and strong will an
ally has been SL an enemy has been slain
an ally has been slain we knew where
that was
going always at the tip of the spear an
ally has been
slain H what do I do maybe I go
mid I will take over the battlefield
well he saw me so as I should better run
oh
boy our inhibitor turret is under
attack the
existence killing
spreed shut down nope I ain't no what I
I am not going to let you guys bully
Mech attack
ultimate wait you can't grab the
crab where is everybody why are we doing
the Lord where's our
jungler sweep the existence an ally has
SL where is our team
at you know the perfect time would have
been when we were doing the
Lord guys veil's obviously tilted by the
way I know you guys can't read Korean
but they're flaming each other in chat I
don't know why like the game's really
winnable it's it's actually really
really winnable espe now we got Lord
pushing into their base there's three
people dead we got everybody
up the glir is kind of op
I think if I like had to play Exp I got
to
beir initiate Retreat an enemy has been
slain okay Lord's pushing bot your team
destroyed a
turret is the only Direction I
[Music]
know sweep the
existence you have slain an enemy an
enemy has been
slain you
have
okay dude there's a Lord with one gwy
ofir we got this this is it this is it I
did work I did work your team destroy
the tret there's no way she can Sol
defend this
oh GG your team destroyed a turret GG oh
my my goodness dude I'm so happy to win
games like that you have no idea guys
you have no idea it is a it is a
struggle Victory these players are a
struggle MVP let's go winning streak
grade bonus I mean dude we're we're
we're ranking up like no
problem MVP
baby Republic honored me thank you
brother thank you
brother thank you okay thank you brother
thank you
thank you brother thank you big no too
small for I appreciate you guys I
appreciate you all right I wouldn't mind
getting a uh jungle game
here oh boy this one's over boys all
over you honestly I don't even know what
I would want to buy
here congratulations on taming the skin
flame red lips who's that even I don't
know who that
is oh yora the prize pull so I guess you
can get skins here I already have both
[Music]
of please ban a
[Music]
hero please Mana hero oh it is me um
I'll get rid of a hello my friend the
enemy is banning all right so we got a
guy that wants to play r
I'm down to play juggle I can play jugle
saber and always will
be upon the your team is
Banning
Karina I do I want to learn alard man
apparently I have enough games I can
play him in rank greatest magic show of
all time palier everything inul and the
enemy is
Banning I could play mid or anything
let's see what he plays me yeah
okay I guess I could play saber I can
play
jungle leaves the last dude on gold and
he does play Mar so everybody's happy
everybody's happy all right I'll just
going and up
myself in case he doesn't want to be
first
pick also saber's kind of a contested
pick I think in this ELO people really
like
saber all right bro take your time we
ain't all just sitting here waiting for
you to to pick your hero
enemy I don't even know if I played
saber that much since uh the rework of
the emblems I don't know if I have the
items and stuff set up for him we'll
finish off what was left undone hanabe
no this guy plays
hanabe does Hanabi still have that spell
shield for
saber come on bud it play some else play
some
else
is my why are they wait until the last
second look at that look how e that
is en you know for a legend skin to
saver skin kind of sucks all right let's
go with
onimaru dude why does he have so many
Starlight skins he has two Starlight
skins Oni
Maru honestly I kind of like the purple
a bit more than the legendary one make
friends with
Nana in terms of like legendary skids I
don't think it's that good
doesn't gourd has a legendary huh maybe
I should get the gourd
legendary wipe out all the Injustice in
the
world your team is
picking hey there's nowhere for the
enemy is
picking well well well well
well my body's ready my body's
ready no fear guys no
fear I hope they're stronger than
me a strong lineup so they have NaNa
which kind of sucks Chow so dude they're
all really tanky this is not a uh this
is not a very happy saber game to be
honest with you
guys I'm not a not a very happy
saber we'll have to see how that goes
though we just got A Yank early
on and then it's hanabe dude I don't
know I don't know is this even a sa game
I we're find out yeah I'll go ah and
grab that
I do not think 5 Seconds till the enemy
reaches the battlefield smash I think
I'd rather have the armor boots I don't
really have any AD all troops deployed
like right I I think we just get the
stackable physical
defense though I don't know if I want
that as a first item I don't think I
want that as the first item
though
hepatitis Practice What
You
uhhuh
uhhuh bro my clear's kind of slow
huh I should be on that crab already I
mean I got two
camps the for get the N away from me I
think they made the Molina way less
annoying though huh oh I got to do this
first Blood yoink yo Z long keeping my
win streak alive are we keeping that win
streak alive shall we shall
we okay
okay I got hit level four and go for a
game well that'll give me level four I
don't need to kill this but I'm going to
is
unpredict cuz I'll get level four when I
walk up to a
lane been a while since I really played
jungle and truly got the get a feel for
it but here we are uh just looking for
somebody to
ulti this is her gold Lane their
Marksman should be up here has been
slain I don't know where he's
at you have slain an
enemy yeah I don't need to do anything
on that our turret has been destroyed
magic resist cloak no no no no no no
my red should be spawning
soon of
the
okay the enemy has SL the they get
turtle but honestly I'm not really in
position to do it and I'm okay with that
like they put a lot of pressure on bot
Lane
so I put the pressure on Top Lane to get
the marks from behind
she only has
1,100 launch attack an enemy has
SL you have slain an
enemy
okay
okay okay oh they don't heal anymore
nice that's actually a good change in my
opinion I wonder if L hepatitis is
actually just like the best item to get
on saber first I like it to get the
hunter sight I don't know I don't feel
like the blade of hepatitis is good the
only good thing about it is the fact
that it has the armor pin that's the
only reason you'd like it the deactive
itself isn't that good no damage are
taken within 5
Seconds the next basic attack like you
have to get a basic attack off which
means nobody can be nearby while you're
alting the blood moon a reflection
of okay you guys need to push that wave
oh [ __ ] how many enemies are just
randomly here initiate
ret okay there are a lot of random
enemies here prce you initiate
Retreat bro they're bottom too how are
there so many enemies
there's enemies everywhere bro I need to
get these kills out on this
Tower I see there's a chow running
around somewhere our turret is under
attack no that's a wrong guy that is not
Chow oh my God
bro that was that was
bad launch attack some's on the other
side of map was free for me holy crap
you do so much more damage to this as a
jungler
is he going in what's wrong with this
guy
kill I can't Smite I can't rety holy
crap an ally SL the
turtle when you're stu you can't rety in
this game you can do it when you're C
seed in
League
Jesus kill nce dude he was worth a lot
holy crap is there a reason you're
hitting my red for me right now
buddy my momentum is that
of dang bro I
missed I
missed I'm popping
now after this I'll get the blade of Des
spair and then I'll get malefic Roar yep
that's basically the saber build
nice it's nice whenever the build that
you want to get is the build that you're
getting as it does
them I need to hit somebody with my Alti
basically every time your Al is off cool
down you need to be hitting somebody bro
my screen just randomly getting darker
my screen's getting
darker your team desty okay it's getting
lighter I don't know maybe my battery is
dying my will is that of the
mountain I'm on a move just looking for
somebody to kill oh hanabi's up there
dude she there's no way she didn't just
see me that's why I didn't go up there I
thought she saw me my blade
is
unable all right take care of business
guys taking care of
business an
ally
iot an ally so he keeps trying to
recommend me the toughness boots
gets now I don't have to worry about it
anymore an ally has been
SL our turret is under
attack I want to get turtle but not by
myself destroy somebody could be there
doing
it wow that guy just went right by me I
did not see that one
coming I did not see him like go right
by me
dude okay let's get the turtle attack
the turtle uh blade Des spare incoming
initiate
Retreat move my little thingy back just
save my R for the turtle here Wukong
can't get
in an ally the
turtle the problem Wukong is I never
know who to
Al an
enemy
God oh boy
down
okay monkey to turet under attack
unfortunately hadot just
splitting wait she has the most gold on
the enemy team
what she's 03
your team dest oh boy does she have a
guardian angel she bought an immortal
first item has
destroyed that's how you know you've uh
struck the fear of God into them okay I
just got to split in this
Lane actually Zon should be splinting
into not
me I should be farming and
ganking M
H oh I got a
ga that's definitely
something dude why can I not move an
enemy has been
slain I'm pretty tanky though or maybe
he's just really
weak I should be able to
heal my stance is that of
the is this AOE oh no
not it's only AOE against champ
huh yeah we'll slowly heal it up I'm not
too concerned about
it like this thing double heals me which
is
nice it's kind of annoying Camp because
it you know it lives twice but it's a
great Camp because it double heals you
so my blade un yeah get it done team I
believe in
you
keep going team keep going I believe in
you destroyed a turret I need to kill
that
Tower cuz the tower is almost bad
initiate your destroy tret I don't know
if you get like more gold for being near
it like in League of Legends you get
significantly more gold for being near
dead
Tower I kill this really fast yo I need
help on the Lord attack I kill fast but
it's really hard to
solo my rapidity is that of the
all right got the blade of spare SL Lord
looking good no need to recall or
anything like that we just keep
going with the blade to spare we're
super strong and then of course weic War
as the next
item well guys I didn't get the real
one you have SL I didn't get the real
one but it works out it's okay it's okay
we we failed we failed hey but at least
now we know that we beat him even
without our
ulti betrayal is never an
option shut
down your team destroyed the turret all
right okay secured you destroy the
turret
an enemy
has not
bad oh hey
bun why does your ulti look like this
but like the scope why not like a
singular line or something it doesn't
save her
like I shouldn't his ulti be like more
outwards like that you know what I mean
like it's just a single
line bro this monkey dude is so mad I
mean honestly I can't even deal with his
man because he has so many freaking
clones running around all right malefic
Roar I'm Giga
fed I think I can one tap
anybody even even that uh bull guy he's
a tank right as long as I have my Sabers
I One
Tap h no no no no no no
I'm going to go
for Rose meteor I guess I just want more
damage son of a bit my BL
is son of a [ __ ] your team destroyed
AET um all right
Jesus okay but you know he's he got
Tower so we need one more Tower and
we'll get the Lord 40 seconds on this
respawn timer guys SL
chippy chippy what is
Chippy well we don't want to throw too
hard because we're basically full build
and saber only gets worse as the game
goes on he doesn't scale very well like
this is like the prime time to be saber
we're full build we're over everybody
else we should just like try to kill
them
all
H an enemy
hasain oh they're just having a great
time talking to each other huh now I
have life still though so it makes the
Lord much
easier
yes all right Lord secur an ally has I
just want to find somebody by by
themselves and just hit R and see what
happens our inh turet is under
attack now I
know no I know I was just really dude
this monkey he's is all over the
place
oh interesting oh yeah hanov Alti is AOE
now
huh I really want that boss side
Tower
all right we're just going to harass him
with the laser or with the Sabers
outside the tower
argro all right that's what I'm talking
about right there that is looking like a
mighty fine viory GG in general so we're
looking
at winning streight points 200 yeah so
that's what I was remembering is the
winning Street points go up 200 we're
epic three epic two so we got a nice
little thing there we also got some star
protection dude I don't understand how
people are stuck in Epic like I'm not
even like that good I don't even play
that much right but like you
legitimately you get bonus Stars you get
like like just from doing nothing you
get bonus Stars you get star protection
as people do things right like you know
what I mean and then you also get free
star protections from Starlight and all
those other things and it's kind of like
sometimes you can tell a person is
legitimately trying to move you up the
ladder it's doing everything in his
power to move you the ladder how can you
be stuck in that ELO is what I'm
pondering okay
so um what I'm wondering is what should
my overall goal be right now in Mobile
what is this oh those are skins how many
Starlight points I have oh I have a lot
returning Starlight what is this
Starlight skin chest released more than
12 months ago interesting so you can
kind of buy any of these Starlight skins
huh that's nice they really did revamp
those staright thing huh quite a bit oh
you can get like permanent star lights
huh that's interesting so what should my
overall goal be I think what we should
be focusing on right now is that we want
to try and get ourselves uh maybe it it
just depends on how much I play I
definitely like to get back into Mythic
but again it just depends on how much I
play when it comes to like emblems and
stuff dude like honestly I don't even
buy these boxes anymore because like the
the gold probably more useful on like
buying Heroes and stuff I'm kind of at
the point now where I could I literally
I maxed out my support emblem randomly
because I wanted the extra move speed
and cool down reduction right I could
legitimately whatever emblem I want I I
could just legitimately Max it out at
this point so honestly this emblem might
not be too bad to max out so that could
be something I'm looking at of course
I'm never going to use tank em I think
that em sucks anyway oh I can upgrade
this one there we go just go ahead and
get that one to level 48 might as well
you get all these free things anyway so
yeah I mean there's not really much in
terms of emblems you only need one
emblem now now which is actually amazing
if you just go like Assassin only it's
it's really good so um yeah so I'm not
really too sure what the overall goal
should be for myself but it looks like
Mythic might be the way to go for me a
la la la la la 7 Day you need to get
both skins to get a battle emote for La
La La bro that is so weird is that not
weird no challenge to of how expensive
that is what Skins are these hausa
[Music]
Veil none no voting
items why is it why why doesn't it just
give it to me but I'll give me the okay
I know exactly who I want no Veil voted
one time thank you wait is that a free
what is this free skin trial pack dude I
wonder how many of those I actually have
l in the game l in the game dud so many
skin trial pack I I legitimately I never
claim these and I never use them what my
inventory looks like but yeah so if if
you guys have any ideas or anything for
what you want me
to what you want me to like do you let
me know and I will be more than happy to
see how I can accommodate I don't think
mythical Glory will happen guys I just I
just don't play enough man I guess my
highest rank was Mythic 40 Stars
whatever that is I don't even know how
that works because that was Ed after man
my cat is so cute so oh yeah here's my
ID if you guys want to follow me or
whatever very nice hours ago thank you
guys for sending these things to me all
right um yeah so I think that's going to
go ahead and be the end of the video I
hope you enjoyed my M4 analysis let me
know if you want to see me do M3 as well
I could do M3 as well don't forget to
head over to the other Channel that I
mentioned which is the shorts Channel
I'm going to be trying to post videos on
there as well because those videos
actually perform really well as well so
link down in the comments below I waited
all
day man she did did did that did she
just say she waited all day for me end
this video that's rude all right anyway
guys I'll see you later