[Music]
you can see the riding on the pavement y
kids that growing up in basement online
a whole new generation I'mma make mine
so you better go take it old way they
need a new replacement decentralized
can't contain it we're changing lives
yeah upgrading call suicide of the old
generation keep you up and ey yeah make
all the demons Qui yeah we were built to
thrive yeah I think that we've all had
enough what keeps you up and ey yeah
make all the demons Qui yeah we were
buil to
thrive I think that we all let enough
yeah I think that we all let it know she
dealing with the old plan they know that
we're calling the
blood you got me like go yeah I think
that we've all had enough s dealing with
the old plan they know that we're
calling their
blood it's too late to try to go contain
it a generation fueled by creation we
live lives on a small screen Nation we
control the air waves no negotiation I
refuse to think we need saving something
good will come from creation and when we
think that the world is too anxious
we'll adapt the all survive and save it
keep you up and ey yeah make all the
demons Qui yeah we were built to thrive
yeah I think that we've all had enough
keep you up and eye yeah make all the
demons Qui yeah we were built to thrive
yeah I think that we' know yeah I think
that we all it enough SI of dealing with
the old they know that we're calling
new you got me like oh yeah I think that
we've all had enough SI a de with the
old they know that we're calling their
blood he yeah I think that we let it
know sicking with the they know that
we're calling
the I think we let
know with the
old
[Music]
calling
[Music]
don't want to sleep in cuz I got
something to prove I got to take what I
hate and finally make a move I think of
you and all the you don't do well I'mma
make H that I don't become you have no
regrets the outside of my chest I'll
never forget what it's like to being
dead B sted in the back b i show you
what happens pass me the mic and I'll
show you with action I feel this pain
you already know turn that to games let
my money show I've got these things that
I can't let go watch me turn this life
into something that you could never own
I feel this pain you already know turn
that to games let my money show I got
these things that I can't let go watch
me turn this life into something that
you can never
WR so fight and fight and die for the
things you know
you do what you think is right and see
life do what you want so fight and fight
and die for the things you know you love