do you know what the ultimate goal is
for all 60 plus junglers due to the vast
number of choices and strategies in any
given matter it can be quite
overwhelming even for experienced
players and so I've created this videos
for junglers and laners to give you a
quick overview of what you can expect
from the jungle you're facing or playing
and the first Champion we will begin
with shall be amumu this is a tankier
champion that utilizes an area of effect
crowd control to initiate fights seeking
to engage and lock down enemies from his
team with this hugely big ultimate as
well as the bandage toss Q ability Val
aims to control evolve and consume
enemies for more stacks on her passive
that allows her to do more damage as the
game goes on she thrives and sustain
team fights with insane Mobility CC and
damage resistance and empowers her team
fighting with resets brand focuses on
Frost clearing and spreading area of
effect damage and passive Blaze stacks
and team fights essentially exceling at
boning down multiple enemies
simultaneously or picking them off with
damage over time R's gamep playay
centralizes around her berserk for on
the W that allows her to heal and do
huge amounts of damage this gives her
strong dual potential emphasis on diving
people tanking and sustaining as well as
applying enough damage to be an assassin
ohen she is a global ultimate that
allows her to fly at you so listen out
for the sound warning Diana is an AP
damage doer who dives and combines both
damage with area of effect crowd control
aiming to quickly eliminate heat targets
and skirmishes and team fights he's a f
farmer a little weak early but scales
like a beast AKO is an assassin with a
huge Safety Net in ultimate that allows
him to reposition and heal he also has
huge CC for an assassin and use spells
in quick flow to take out targets
Skirmish and dive and is really powerful
as stealing objectives with his EQ and
passive be wary at least shifts between
ranged Mage and melee assassin modes
focusing on single Target burst and
catch potential with her cocoon and
human form looks to be hyper aggressive
early with a lot of tower Dives Evelyn
uses stealth to Ambush isolated targets
focusing on surprising burst
assassination while remaining un seen
due to the camouflage and if that wasn't
enough also has hard CC spell that can
slow at the same time fiddle six
specializes in ambushes with his
ultimate and fears he aims to disrupt
and terrify enemies in team fight and
skirmishes while not looking to do too
much until you hit the mid in the late
game he is potent once he begins to
snowball Garen is not really a jungler
but can be he is a durable fighter who
excels in dealing sustained damage with
a spin and executing low Health targets
with his ultimate doing all of this
while yelling Deasia ragas uses his bar
throws and body slams to disrupt
displace or burst enemies down his
ultimate also knocks people around
creating opportunities with his
explosive and intoxicating kit Braves
offers a bursty close-range fighting
style with a shotgun even though he's
ranged he excels in skirmishes map
control farming dealing heavy area of
effect damage Auto attacks and basically
everything a jungler could look for when
is a scaling jungler who only really
comes online of two items and
specializes in sustained magic damage
healing and Hyper Mobility as well as
tanking quite a lot with her W just to
focus on hitting her ultimate and
sticking to people later on essentially
looking to Weave Away throughout fights
while not dying he charges into fights
with high mobility and crowd control lot
of damage lot of sustain seeks to
initiate and disrupt Enemy Lines with a
speed and devastating damage Ivan
focuses on supporting allies with
shields Roots bushes he can also summon
a spirit called Daisy who offers insane
disruption peel and presence within
fights this is in conjunction with his
jungle flow control and unique clear is
Javin the fourth excels at engaging and
trapping enemies with his flag and drag
or EQ combo as well as the crater
ultimate he provides utility damage and
just about everything you could need he
is the total package as well Jax is more
of a top laner but definitely really
becomes a late game Powerhouse even in
the jungle scaling with mixed damage
output and Counter-Strike ability for
insane engage Superior dueling and
obviously High Mobility carus or carus
aims to dominate with a fast clear early
aggression when needed and a global
presence later on with his ultimate very
few Champions have the amount of
presence and scaling that this Champion
can do when piloted correctly Kane
chooses to embrace the shadow assassin
for boast Mobility or dark and form for
sustained fighter disruption he can
adapt his role mid game based upon his
Evolution this obviously can happen in
the early game as well but he requires
the utmost balanced jungling of farming
to scale and ganking to get orbs for
these forms KX is a void assassin who
plays around with isolation in general
to enhance a single Target damage and
Amplified abilities the isolation deals
with one-on-one fights and it allows him
to have the most dynamic in andout
Assassin team fighting that no other
Champion has either Kindred hunts
targets for Marx to enhance abilities
focusing on kiing as Marksman do while
allowing themselves to be even more
aggressive than other junglers due to
multiple dashes and an invincibility
ultimate lein is the poster boy for all
junglers the quintessential statue of
what jungling means with highmap
mobility and scaling impactful kicks to
control team fights focusing on in-
andout fighting and protecting allies
while also serving up an assassin dish
level damage Lilia combines dreamy magic
with swift movements to allow enemies to
sleep on her ultimate but has huge sweet
spot and true damage with AOE effects
crowd control and unheralded Mobility
that allows it to weave in and out of
fights unlike anybody else maokai is a
tank who emphasizes on map control
getting Lanes ahead and dominating team
fight engages he uses his saplings and
nature themed abilities to lock down
areas and tank for the team essentially
just being an unkillable monster tree
when Mor Kaiser is used in the jungle
he's very much a farmer looking to
become an AP Bruiser get really strong
take you into another dimension with his
ultimate if you're strong he gets
stronger and with a giant Shield some CC
a huge amount of damage he scales with
HP and AP in a violent way Moana
specializes in catch potential a bit
more supportive style jungling in area
denial with her dark binding and her
ultimate she provides High utility
Shields damage over time and obviously
that said crowd control Dr Mundo is a
tank fighter who likes to regenerate
Health rapidly with his ultimate and
aims to soak up as much damage as
possible while continuously harassing
enemies with his Cleaver throws that of
course do current HP and slow people NY
like Elise can form swap between a
ranged and a melee component she is like
raves in that she controls all aspects
of jungling as well as farming she
excels at high mobility and early game
skirmishes to snobble games out of
control nocturn utilizes a more passive
farming approach even though he's a very
strong Jewelers in order to get to his
ultimate and use it by bringing down the
Shadows upon the map this semiglobal
presence allows him to quickly take down
any chosen targets excels and single
Target Focus as well as being very
difficult to peel due to his spell
shield blocking abilities nonon will
bring utility whilst also having a
longrange engage supportive kit with
slows knockups movement speed and
enhance attack speed for allies and also
enough sustain on that que to tank
damage in a fight along with the que
that can be used on monsters for True
damage at higher than Smite levels
almost nothing can steal away an
objective from this Champion Olaf goes
through periods of being really strong
and really weak in the jungle but when
he is strong he is a fast fmer he will
run you down he is extremely difficult
to deal with the chain slows on his ax
throws the que plus his life steal as
well as his true damage make him along
with his CC immunity the ultimate run
over jungler again when strong utilizes
his Spear and shield to execute Swift
targeted assaults in the early game
looking to highly snowall games before
he gets his semi Global ultimate and
quickly takes games out of hand with Bur
damage huge disruption damage blocking
spells and all around nuisance level
jungling poppy specializes in disruption
as a tank but also is very much a
fighter and can displace enemies with
ease her W quickly disrupts Mobility
from Champions and her ultimate knocks
people way far away in crucial team
fights with her high damage Mobility as
well as disruption she's the ultimate
disengaged Champion Tiana is an ad
assassin that utilizes her elemental
power to use a variety of combat tactics
focusing on boast damage using
camouflage hitting stuns as well as an
unparalleled ability to use the
environment for ultimate to lock enemies
down against walls Ramis rolls into
battle to taunt and disrupt enemies
focusing on using his defensive
tankiness for enemies to kill themselves
because when you hit him you take damage
his taunt is cataclysmic for adcs in in
Mobile Champions and his launching
ultimate allows them to engage even to
the backest of back lines rexite Tunnels
for Unique map ability focusing on
surprise attacks ganking angles and
knockup to control and damage enemies in
the early game very few jungles have the
amount of ganking angle she does so w
appropriately and when she gets her
ultimate she becomes a straightup
assassin but a true goal is being a
fighter that disrupts and snowballs
quickly R is a heavy engaged tank that
has a huge amount of damage Shield
breaking abilities form swapping
abilities map ability and all round
engage and peel there's nothing that
this Champion cannot do to help you win
condition carry Ranger Elite kha'zix is
one of the best ad assassins in the game
Hunt's prey with stealth and obviously Q
savagery excelling in a triple Q combo
single Target burst and using brushes
for Ambush attacks and insane team fight
Mobility also has one of the most broken
spells in the game with an empowered W
that cleanses all things that might get
him killed oh and he also has hard CC
while Rumble is a mon jungler he
controls Battlefield by making sure that
he can Farm get level six get a gold
lead and use the obscene amount of AP
damage he brings forth to stack with his
slow as well as his magic shred
abilities and also has a shield and
movement Speed Booster soani like ra is
one of these great wi condition focused
peel engageed tanks she is amazing with
melee Champions to have her EIP hard
stuns she scales a lot with HP as well
as AP and not only that has free slow
resistant bonus ratios on her passive
along with a Q which provides map
scaling and a knockup she has every form
of CC available to her Sho is one of
those Champions and assassins that
relies on camouflage and CH pilot tricks
to get hugely fed and basically create
psychosis for the enemy jungler weaving
into your jungle to kill you weaving
into the lanes to kill the laners
without being seen his unique pathing
and play style renders him absolutely
difficult to deal with until it comes to
team fighting moments and even then he
can Thrive with a split push javana is
also a form swamping Champion between
human and dragon using fast farming Max
HP damage hybridized build paths ad tank
as well as AP and then focus on that
farming and dragon secures to boost her
stats and make her as strong as possible
come the leg game Sion is also a top
liner that can be used in the jungle
basically becoming an unkillable demon
tank with disruption and peel G
infinitely well with farm and has the
best Lane ganks in the game can also go
ad for Tower assassination but that's
not recommended for the best jungle Play
Scar is a fast farming hugely stunning
tanky fast little scorpion guy that does
percentage Health damage has a shield
and a speed up and a lock on Ultimate
that forces anyone who he chooses to use
it on to buy qss silus is a slow farming
hyper ganking and snowballing Champion
that uses as huge sustain as well as Gap
close ability and as of course ultimate
stealing ability to ensure that jungl
are kept behind tiia manipulates the
battlefield with rock and stone chucking
huge wave clear insane scaling strong
balanced approach to jungling kiing area
denial and a quick roam to fights with
her ultimate in order to snowball in 1
v9 most games Talon excels at using
parkour to move around the map faster
than any other jungler has lethal boast
damage incredible ability to dump into
team fights with the right items to get
in and out due to his Advance camouflage
on the ultimate and along with rexi will
be the most difficult wward against when
it comes to ganks is a stack check melee
Champion that also steals the tankiness
from enemy tanks he thrives at using his
Q on melee ad Champions to remove their
ad and take it for himself as well as
providing a pillar that goes where
people don't want it to go in slowing
enemies as well as attack speed steroid
and a movement speed boost to get him
around the map as fast as possible
twitch jungle very rarely used now is
very cheesy likes to use stealth and
poison an early level two gangster
snowball struggles to clear but once he
gets going uses ambushes and extended
range to unleash devastating play ridden
volleys that destroy enemy comps yes I
had to say it that way udir is a fast AP
tank damaging thri who likes to farm as
fast as possible and scale into one of
the most disruptive tanky fighters in
the game he can also go ad and become an
assassin in both cases is a dominating
split Pusher and map controller that's
difficult to deal with judah's high high
movement speed V is one of those javant
style Champions which provides a little
bit of everything including lock down
ultimate Gap closes on that que as well
as a juicy Shield not really an K farm
or a strong powerful Gena PRI six she is
a good representation of balance
disruption and fighter control that all
junglers should learn Diego is much like
bth in the ability to snowball and reset
with his ultimate and passive but looks
to play the way in a bit of a space
between Kane as well as Rengar and
Kindred looking to be aggressive but not
too aggressive that you fall behind but
given so any situation in game with a
vgo can become one due to the reset
healing and of course becoming the enemy
Champions voler is a very strong farming
ganking style fighter tank that can
engage and disrupt better than any other
champion in the game with his ultimate
that deactivates turrets his sustain and
damage over time with the w mechanic
essentially mean when he's fed he's
dangerous war is one of the best map
rotators in the game with his W passive
that allows him to hun low Health
targets he has a heal and his Q
percentage damage as well damage
reduction on his e as well as a strong
ultimate engage that can lock down any
chosen priority Target and when the
lower you get and the lower he gets the
more healing and damage he does be
worried Wukong essentially is a ganking
style jungler using map mobility and
clones to leverage some of the most
disgusting engages you will see with a
double knockup spell he also has a
recent mechanic on his Q which means
when he's in range of you don't stick
around too long cuz he'll keep bonking
you to death chincha is another early
strong jewelist and ganker looking into
snowball games with a powerful ganking
kit that includes a Gap close and attack
speed steroid as well as a knockup and
ultimate that challenges single targets
to basically guaranteed death but also
has long range Gap close when you use a
w and the E together Master e a aims to
clean up fights with his high speed as
well as high damage scaling insanely
well into the late game there's arguably
no other jungler in the game that scales
as well as he does with gold and then
using that for items on his resetable
abilities and Chase down potential as
well as the alpha strike which allows
him to dodge critical spells Zach is the
tank version of rexi having insane Gap
closes for ganks over angles you cannot
comprehend focuses on disrupting enemies
with a lot of knockups and also picking
up his goo to heal and never die the
biggest engage in the game comes from
this guy flinging his body at your face
Zed is an assassin that's like Talon but
a lot weaker in the jungle Farms really
really quickly as opposed to having
strong ganking angles really focuses on
getting six fast quick assassinations
with animation cancels on the W mechanic
and obviously using Shadow manipulation
on the ultimate to make adcs hate their
lives Zyra combines elements of carus
and brand essentially having a strong
farming kit with a strong ganking kit
when she's ahead she can definitely use
her plant to counter jungle and invade
you at a high clip and also controls
fights not only assassination potential
but damage over time using your plants
to whittle you down before using another
spell to end your life now whether it's
the end of season 13 or season 14
already click this video to become a
better jungler right now