what happens if someone who has never
played Shen before plays Shen for 24
hours I got a brand new account and I'm
going to see how far I can climb with
Shen while also trying to learn as much
as I can about the champion let's see
how I do but before that really quick I
want to talk about today's free sponsor
Pororo fessor it's an amazing free app
that basically just keeps track of all
these little things so you can focus as
much as you can on the game playay not
to mention the fact that in game it
keeps track of your CS Summoner spells
the enemy team comp and your team comp
so you can have a gameplay going into
every game and it really just helped me
focus on Shen as a champion it's again a
great free app a lot of information I
would recommend it I use it pretty much
every game enjoy the video my first game
I got played support because I thought
during my placements I was guaranteed my
primary role so I didn't think my
secondary role mattered luckily for me
it actually turned out to be a blessing
in
disguise but despite getting off to a
pretty good start my Caitlyn had some
lag issues all game and eventually just
disconnected allog together what's
happening
she's just
disconnected yikes not a great first
game after that game I was placed in
gold for with zero LP and even though I
was just one game into my challenge I
was already kind of tilted then I had to
dodge my next game because my jungler
banned my midlaner Champion so they
locked in mid Yumi so for my real second
game I actually got top and this is
where I learned a few lessons about Shen
you see normally what you want to do
with Shen is put your queue behind the
enemy before the minions even get to the
Lane so that way you can get some good
Pok in when they Tred to CS this game
also reminded me how bad my map
awareness was and why I started playing
Shen in the first place holy [ __ ] I
wasn't paying attention to the mini map
that was my fault and after a bit of a
rough start in my first game I managed
to win my second game pretty handily and
somehow on just my third game with Shen
I had one of the best games of this
whole challenge is he dead please yes
got
him get wrecked I got two of you
unfortunately I ended up losing this
game because my Jin walked into the
enemy team and died and even though that
game made me feel like I had already
mastered Shen I would soon find out
there was still a lot to learn for
example another mistake I made in the
first few hours was not timing my SS
correctly basically in game five I Ed
bot two times to help set up some kills
and even though it led to some one
fights in the bot Lane I had a bit of a
problem you see when I got back to Top
Lane after that second ult I was two
levels down and yon had taken three
plates so even though I felt strong
because my score was 2-1 and three the
Yon was strong enough to just kill me
and it wasn't even close and the early
hours got even worse after I had my
first really bad game luckily for me the
riot Gods smiled upon me in my next game
sure I got autofill jungle but my whole
team smashed their lanes and we won 32
to6 but funnily enough that jungle shen
game actually sparked a bit of a win
streak I didn't do anything particularly
well in this game but I definitely
played my role I helped engage fights
and save lives with my ult I could feel
my laning phase getting better and I was
starting to feel pretty optimistic for
the rest of the challenge until my next
game with my support Nautilus basically
there was a fight in the bot Lane where
we didn't Focus correctly as a team and
we got no kills after that my bot Lane
and I argued for a bit and Nautilus
basically quit the game but he made sure
to not just go AFK so we couldn't get a
loss mitigated or actually report him
that Nautilus game sent me into a bit of
a Purgatory during the next several
games of this challenge my next eight
games went loss win loss win loss win
win loss it didn't help that in pretty
much every single one of these games I
was playing pretty well I just felt like
I had no control over any of these games
I would win games that were so one-sided
it didn't even matter what I did or I'd
play my heart out and still lose the
game anyway [ __ ] the main thing that
kept me from getting too upset was the
fact that I was starting to get good
with my ults they weren't all good but
they were starting to get more
consistent and my mapw was definitely
starting to improve and my laning phase
was getting noticeably better too this
NASA kill is actually where I
accidentally learned a cool Shen
mechanic the idea is you press q and
right before your sword gets to you you
flash in front of your opponent so they
can't react and then you get some extra
damage and a nice slow on your que
anyway these games were still extremely
frustrating I don't know about you but
spending a whole day to go essentially
nowhere is more tilting than losing like
three games in a row and just getting
off for the day but despite everything
that I'd gone through already nothing
could have prepared me for my next game
this
guy has
3.6 million Mastery points on
Garen my goodness that's all I got to
say so instead of fighting this Garen
master I just decided to ult around the
map and help other lanes when I had the
chance basically the enemy team had a
master ye and a jinx both of which can
hyper carry if they get too far ahead so
my idea was I would rather let Garen get
gold by split pushing than letting the
other two get fed so I tried to help my
teammates whenever I had the opportunity
this was one of those situations where
alting even if my Lane was in a bad spot
was actually a good thing because gold
isn't equal in all Champions sometimes
it's just more worth it to get your
carry fed or keep the enemy carry from
getting fed and it turned out to be the
right play because even though the enemy
Garen was way ahead of me the rest of my
team was far enough ahead to just win
team fights and it was kind of fitting
how my team was able to just win while
Garen tried to split push on his own at
the end of the game and in less than 10
hours I was already gold one to be fair
since this account was knew I was
gaining more LP per Victory than I lost
per defeat so even though my record was
only 10 and N I had climbed a lot and as
a reward for hitting gold one I was
autofill jungle again but once again my
team was amazing and they just carried
me to another Victory unfortunately
after just one game in the jungle I
guess I became Rusty at Top Lane or
something because I just died to trendir
level three like an idiot then he Dove
me and I knew this game was going to be
trouble dude there's no way eventually
trir just got so strong that even with
help we weren't able to kill him so yeah
I solo lost us this game and this
started a massive losing streak where I
lost four games in a row and as quickly
as I had hit gold one I had already
demoted back down to gold two and my
last game before the 12-h hour mark was
one of the most heartbreaking games I've
had in a long time the game started with
my jungler and I absolutely destroying
this
Teemo is up though which is a
[Music]
problem followed by an insane old bot
that want us a fight and brought us back
into the game and for the next 15
minutes I did everything I could to
carry these fights but no matter what I
did it just wasn't enough it definitely
didn't help that the enemy team already
had Mountain Soul at this point making
them even harder to kill in the end we
just got absolutely rolled in the final
team fight it's hard to point out just
one thing that went wrong this game it
just felt like for every good play we
made they just made a better one [ __ ]
man after looking at my stats on poor
off fessor and watching the replays of
some of my more frustrating games I
learned three things first my stats for
top Shen are actually kind of insane
unfortunately my win rate with top Shen
is only 43% so there's something else
that I'm doing wrong second I just need
to play more for my team Shen can't
really carry games on his own super well
so even if I'm winning or my Lane is in
a good spot it's usually worth it more
to mess up my Lane to save another and
third just getting better with my ult
there are three common mistakes Shen
players usually make with their ult the
first one is Ting into a losing fight
where even if you get there you're just
going to die the second is Ting when
your lane is in a bad spot yes this is
sometimes worth it but other times
you'll fall so far behind you're just
useless the rest of the game and three
is just not alting in certain situations
cuz you're saving it for a better fight
later maybe I also watched xu's The Art
of shen video to try to understand the
mindset of one of the best shens in the
world I watched him play aggressive in
Lane with Shen strong early game
listened to his thought process as to
why he Ed to some fights and not others
and watched him utilize things like his
W and passive and fights to minimize
damage for himself and his teammates and
little did I know I was going to need
all of this information for the second
half of this challenge if I wanted to
hit
plat my very first game after my little
study session was absolutely crazy it
started off pretty well oh she's dead
and it got even better from there has
but things started to go really downhill
after a dragon fight where the already
fed Lux and Fiora got three more kills
and things continued to snowball out of
control from there but with our backs
against the wall we want a massive team
fight out of nowhere and with that
momentum we got Baron and a few minutes
later we won another fight in the mid
lane and with that we literally just
pushed and won the game um let's not
talk about my horribly timed e here by
the way but it makes sense after such a
crazy comeback win for my next game to
just crash back down to earth lucky for
me in my next game I got super
fat give me the
quadro unlucky for me my Tristana didn't
think I could carry but my new best
friend blitzcrank did so I had to make
him proud and I think it's safe to say I
did fast forward to the next game and we
were down 6 to 17 and even though the
game seemed doomed and my team already
tried to surrender we were starting to
make a bit of a comeback and hey even
though it looks like the graves is
carrying us here I would just like to
say I was the MVP of this game according
to op.gg so give me some credit but yeah
the enemy team kind of just surrendered
after that fight sadly the next game did
not go very well we lost the first game
in 15 minutes and my next game had an
issue with the recording but I lost that
game too and my third game didn't start
off great either we started off 2 to 7
but my improved map awareness was really
starting to come together in these games
and I was able to turn a potential
disaster into multiple kills for the bot
Lane all I have to say is my ults and
map awareness were on point this game
and a few minutes later I ulted bot and
turned around another potentially
disastrous fight
oh we go
crazy this is something I haven't talked
about enough but shenol isn't just to
save people it's actually also used to
start fight sometimes is by giving
people the confidence to engage with an
extra shield and a teammate by their
side this is a concept I've been working
on this whole Challenge and for some
reason in this game it finally just
clicked for me and with the help of my
ults and heck's balls of steel we were
able to destroy them in the final fight
131 and 19 [ __ ] end the game and with
my suddenly Newfound abilities I was
able to absolutely steamroll my next
game and my next game and my next game
and after about 17 hours and my 34th
game I was finally plat holy crap I
didn't realize you just said plat I was
I didn't I wasn't even recording the
moment I I stopped recording well good
[ __ ] now I was just curious to to see
how much further I could go after I hit
plat I went to sleep and the next day I
finally decided to stream the challenge
for you all to watch you see I wasn't
sure how this 24-hour challenge was
going to go and since I was kind of
nervous I started the challenge in
secret but after 17 hours and finally
hitting plat I realized how much fun the
challenge was and realized it's
something you all would probably like to
watch so for the last 7 hours I was
going to do this live also Shameless
plug but I stream these challenges live
on Twitch and YouTube if you're
interested especially after the new
season starts anyway I got on the next
day pretty nervous but also pretty
excited to finally stream this challenge
to you all and um yeah if you include my
games from yesterday I went on an 11
game win streak I literally had to zoom
out in my browser to get a screenshot of
the whole win streak on op.gg and I have
to say it was one heck of a way to come
back to streaming and I wasn't just
getting carried either I was actually
playing pretty well
please kill oh I don't
alive oh she's dead too nice there were
games where I made the enemy jungler
want to
quit she's dead cool we'll take it games
where I didn't die a single time and
games where I lost early but had great
ults that brought me back into the game
there were definitely some embarrassing
moments too though no
[ __ ] I'm awful honestly while I was
playing these games I was really
starting to feel more confident on Shen
I was starting to get really good at
laning was getting way Smarter with my
ults and getting better at turning my
early leads into wins but sadly it all
had to come to an end eventually it
didn't help that my carus admitted to
giving up and trolling the game so we
wouldn't win for reference this is the
the play that made him start trolling I
was already smashing yon in Lane so
there was no reason to take this fight
and for me to waste my
ult oh my gosh why are you running
[Music]
away no way dude okay he's dead but
carthus didn't see it that way after
this the carus kind of just typed the
whole game and it led to us losing and
to make matters worse I got destroyed
level three in my next game because of
that bad early game I decided to play
around my team a lot more this game and
honestly I think I played pretty well
considering I got absolutely bodied at
level three and after this game
something awesome happened the fact that
this Master's player added me after the
game to ask what my main rank was and
then called me good was so validating
and made me realize I was actually
getting good at Shen unfortunately this
ego boost made me want to play another
game but it was already 1:00 a.m. so
this was not going to be good it started
off pretty well but after about 11
minutes I made a terrible ult mid trying
to save my Vladimir and because of that
set took my entire Tower and got five
plates needless to say I was not happy
about this I was way too tired to queue
up for this last game and my mental boom
kind of proved that this was definitely
the most embarrassing game of the whole
challenge the next day I was ready for
the final hours of the challenge and it
did not start off very well well either
uh he's he's dead he's dead he's
dead what the [ __ ] where did he
go I was so tilted that this Graves left
me in that first fight that I forced
another fight played it terribly and
immediately died
again [ __ ]
me needless to say we lost this game
pretty hard luckily for me everyone Lost
Lane so the game was over in about 20
minutes minut so I was able to just hop
into a new game luckily I bounced back
in my next game my next game I
personally did pretty well but after one
really bad team fight we just lost the
game this was one of those ults where as
soon as I used it I was praying it would
get canceled somehow um do we win this
fight though the answer is definitely
not and with that devastating loss we
were down to our final game of the
challenge but the final game of this
challenge was an absolute Banger it
started off with a huge mechanical
misplay no way oh my God but luckily the
enemy team made an even worse play which
brought me back into the
game uh they both dead
right an
enemy okay then there was a super close
2v2 in the Top Lane I definitely
overstayed here and didn't respect
silas's damage but luckily my maai was
able to clean up the kill eventually
oh you're insane but the game started to
fall apart when my bot Lane got caught
out and I tried to save them even though
the fight was already doomed and then
literally exactly the same play happened
about 4 minutes later oh my God man
eventually the game came down to a huge
dragon fight that started off terribly
with the felos dying immediately [ __ ] I
take my eyes off of it for 1 second but
lucky for me the Oriana and Malai
absolutely smurfed this fight and we
managed to win I mean look at how Malai
stopped lon's Q with his Q what a
[ __ ] hero and a little after that we
won one more fight and won the game So
after 24 hours I ended up going to Plat
2 with 92 LP which was way better than I
thought I was going to do and in terms
of stats I did pretty well compared to
Shen even in Diamond my win rate was
58.3% my KDA was almost five and I ended
up being the 326th best Shen in na I
just think that's cool do with that
information what you will well that's
the challenge if you want to see more
videos like this you can click the one
that's covering my face right now and
you can also watch me stream these live
on Twitch and YouTube