today. With the dust settling on
pre-orders, it's pretty clear that
Nintendo Switch 2 is going to be a huge
seller. But does it make it Nintendo's
best hardware launch ever? We're going
to rank them. It may eventually be the
bestselling launch. Maybe by a big
margin if any of this information from
the pre-orders is something to go by.
But there there's more that goes into
just the best launch than just the best
selling. There's there's the games, the
experience with the hardware, just like
the oh, I'm wowed by this factor. So,
we're going to go through every single
Nintendo launch, decide what we think
has been the best, and talk about how
Switch 2 can maybe come out on the top
of the list. Where is it ranking among
all of the other Nintendo hardware
launches? You came up with some great
criteria, which is nice. We're going to
look at launch games, like you said.
We're going to look at cool factor.
We're going to look at um just you know
whether or not the the hardware at the
time felt next gen. But it's going to be
fun to look back and rank all of them
and then we yeah we'll see where Switch
2 stats in that ranking. For anybody
who's who might be saying well the
Switch 2 launch lineup's a little light.
Doing our research I reminded myself
there there was a there was a system
that launched with literally two games.
Yikes. Game one and game two and that
was it. That was it. That was all you
got. Take your pick. You know, like they
say, when we were kids, we used to walk
15 miles in the snow to get the
pre-order. I had to camp in the snow for
two months with no shoes to play one
game only to play one game for a year
and a half. Um, when we were kids, kids
these days, you don't know with your
with your lineup of, you know, 20 plus
whatever games. You don't know. Uh,
we'll get to that in just a moment, but
we are now at the end of April into the
start of May birthday month.
Congratulations. It's my turn now. Yes,
it's it's my turn now.
That's Christa's personal slogan. Wow.
Um, we just have to acknowledge April's
been our best month ever by a huge huge
huge margin. So, thank you to everybody
who watched. Thank you everybody who
subscribed. If you just found the
channel, welcome. We are so glad to have
you here. I love the Nintendo Minute
kids. I love I love all these years
later the most. Don't tell anyone else.
But if you're the kid that's like, I
used to watch you on my 3DS. I love you
the most.
Um, but it's been so fun to Yeah. to see
this channel really grow over the last
month. We've had such an exciting month
as well. It was fun because we
documented all of this in our April vlog
and it's it's been nice for me to edit
these vlogs just because it it gives me
a chance to reflect and look back on all
the things that happened. And gosh,
April was just like so literally one
thing after the other. Amazing. It was
fun to have it captured in that way.
Yes. Yes. Um, so let's talk a bit about
the pre-orders now because the dust has
settled. You
know, there there were spurts of
inventory that popped up like over the
weekend, but for the most part, it seems
like this has has run its course. We had
a bit of a ranty video. We were a little
mad that happened that we we did that
after the night of uh the the the online
pre-orders going live. Do you have any
fresher thoughts on this with a bit of
time to sav the wound? Yeah, I will
admit that in the moment of recording
that video, I was pretty upset. I I Oh,
really? I couldn't tell. I was
definitely feeling I was definitely
feeling it despite all the table
pounding. I just couldn't tell. And the
yelling. The yelling and the screaming
and the table pounding. I was pretty
mad. Um, I think what I have to say
about that is, you know, we did see like
tons of comments about how can you blame
Nintendo for this? This is not
Nintendo's fault. It's definitely, you
know, up to the retailers for them to
make this a better experience. To that,
I will say that I do still think that
it's both people's both both parts are
at fault, Nintendo and obviously the
retailers as well. And and it's
something that we've talked about before
is that none of these parties, whether
it's Nintendo or the retailers, are
really incentivized to make this process
better for us, the people buying because
for them, all that matters is that it
sells out, right? We used to be in
meetings and I'm a little ashamed to say
that I used to be part of these meetings
after a big pre-order, you know, night
or after we hear about the results of a
pre-order where we would literally sit
in meetings with like the highest
Nintendo executives, big marketing
meetings where people would be clapping
and cheering because the pre-orders, you
know, quote, broke the internet. Well,
first of all, shame on you. But second,
yeah, shame on me. Second of all, it's
true that when you work there, shame on
me. Yeah. You do just have a system show
up at your desk one day and it would be
interesting experience to have, you
know, those very people who are sitting
at the table clapping go through the
same experience that all of us did and
say, "Well, what do you think of this
now?" Cuz I really did learn like this
is my first time since leaving Nintendo
going through this process. Listen, I
again I will fully admit that when I was
working at Nintendo and and we would
hear about the success of pre-orders by
the the the litmus or the the benchmark
of we broke the internet. Oh my god, the
we crashed all the retailer websites. Go
us. Clap us ourselves in the black bag.
Round of applause. People are cheering
in the room for that kind of experience.
And that's just not okay because as like
you know someone trying to buy it when
that is happening it's extremely
frustrating and and a very and any sense
of fairness that you hope to have is
just out the window. It's out the window
because it's just like this is this is
pure chaos. Everything is out of my
control. Yeah. And I'm just oh well I'm
just trying to like I'm just trying to
live second by second. So so that that's
why I think we were pretty hard on
Nintendo in that way and and yeah, it's
true. They're not running the
pre-orders, but they have a lot of
leverage that they can put on these. I
mean, we just saw them, you know,
they've been taking the most drastic
measure of all with Amazon of like,
we're not giving you the stuff, right?
So, they have leverage. They have a lot
of leverage and that is a two-way
relationship that they So, if they don't
like the way it's going, they have
things that they can do to signal that.
Totally. They they totally have a way to
signal that. They totally have a way to
at least like bring up I I don't even
think they're even bringing up at all
like what you know the the customer
experience is like because again they're
they're both parties are incentivized by
one thing which is it sells out. Yes.
And that's what it's that's what's
happening. So no one is incentivized to
make any changes. But um yeah, I will
say that I will continue to be hard on
Nintendo because I was in the room when
we would cheer for this stuff. And I I
definitely don't think that's the right
attitude to have when your like fans are
having such an awful experience. Right.
Right. And I will say um I had a very
good experience standing in a GameStop
line the next day which was great. So,
so we definitely have a system that
we'll be getting on
which is a great release and I mean yeah
that kind of was like the counterpoint
to the chaos of the night before of oh
there is some order to this if you just
go stand in a line and those stores had
a surprisingly high number of units and
nobody seemed to really be sweating that
out or stress that out. It was just a
good vibe in the line, people chatting,
people talking. It did take you a very
long time to go through the process. I
think you started standing in line
around 9:00 a.m. I got there 2 hours
before. The guy who was first in line
said he got there 8:00 p.m. the night
before. But I think if you showed up
even like 30 minutes before the store
opened, you were going to get one. But
you you did not leave GameStop until
about 2:00. Well, I had to answer all
their questions about joining their
membership and getting the product
protection plan. And are you Oh, sir.
Are you sure? I really
recom Thank you very much. It's the car
warranty. That is you need this
undercoat, sir. You need the undercoat.
You got to protect that personal
undercoat protection. You need it. Um,
but yeah. Yeah, it it is it just is a
I'm so glad that you had a good
experience. I think a lot of people were
saying the inerson line experience at
GameStop was like go way to go. And I'm
so I'm so all for that. I think that's
awesome that that was an option. But
just in general, like the whole ordeal
of pre-ordering this thing took like
hours, like many many many into the
night. Into the night. Yeah. There were
people there were people who like almost
pulled an allnighter. Yeah. Into the
night, you know, and then of course you
physically stood in a line and like
waited from 9 to 2 p.m. So that's like,
you know, 5 hours of of time that you
were there to get this. Yeah, I think
you know you might have to do some
output of of time. But again, I think
like the the fairness part of it is kind
of thing because again it's like well if
it can't be fair then let's do the
Japanese lottery, right? Cuz that that
it's like okay well the number didn't
come up in my way versus like I did
everything right and the thing just it
just crashed and I still got screwed.
Right. Right. That's where it sticks.
This is where Nintendo could could have
made a difference. Like if they said,
"Hey retailers, we're only going to give
you allocation if you do the the
pre-orders via lottery." If you Yeah. Or
or or if you have some other system or
if you have a line system where like we
saw Target just completely like Yeah. Or
like we we will only give you we will
only give you this allocation if you
have an inerson line. Yeah. And you you
clearly communicate or or an online
line. That's what I'm saying. Yeah.
Yeah. Nintendo could have done those
things. They could have they could have
been really out there saying like we are
going to withhold your allocation unless
you do these steps to make this
experience better for people. But again,
no one's incentivized to do this. So I
doubt anything will change in which case
in 8 years we will be going through this
again. So I guess more but I guess more
to come on this in about a week's time
when the Nintend my Nintendo uh wave are
we going to get an email? I don't I
don't know. Oh gosh. I mean how many how
many Switch twos does somebody need
again? I will give all my safety any any
Switch games that I am not um that we
get like if we do get one through the my
Nintendo I'm going to give it to the
community cuz I think there's still
people in our community looking for a
pre-order. Could you be an Oprah Winfrey
here and you get a Switch and you get a
Switch? Look under your seats everybody.
Oh my god, it's a Switch too. Uh
speaking of another exciting thing
that's happening, so our uh April
spoiler cast is out for Split Fiction.
Check it out. a great game that is soon
coming to Switch 2. That's a launch
game. We some some months we we take our
time and we deliberate about the the
game for the next month. Yes, there's no
such situation. Uh this month though, we
can definitively say the May spoiler
cast game is Clarabier Expedition 33.
Yay. A game that we started, we're going
to talk about in the games we're
playing. Got grabbed us right from the
get-go. Seems seems to have, you know,
done this for many people. grabbed a lot
of people's attention. So, we're really
excited to dig into this game this month
and we're going to have a lot of fun
talking about and playing through this
game. So, yeah, stay tuned. We're going
to talk about our experience with the
first uh chunk of hours with it. I'm so
excited about it. So excited. Next week,
we are off heading eastward to PAX East.
Our panel is on May 8th. Yes. In the
afternoon. Please check the pack site
for the details
if you're going. We'd love to see you
there. Yes, please come say hi. We'd
love to meet you in person. I am so
happy that that remember I've had
shenanigans with my legal my legal name
which is not kit Christopher. I'm
Christopher and when I go to get my
badge, go sir, we don't we don't have
any kits here. They have worked this
they have worked this out. How do you
know that? I'm expect How do you know? I
think some feedback has been heard from
you. Yes. Listen, all the forms you got
to fill out. Do we need to differentiate
your legal name versus whatever you're
going by? Please, please tell us as
clear as you can. Like, thank you. So,
so is your badge going to be under
Christopher or under this year? No. No.
They they have got it all figured out.
Oh, I can't wait to see I can't wait to
see them not figure it out for you to be
stressed out again and and stress
Discord messaging poor past staff for
badges. Fine. You can do the panel by
yourself. I won't. Yeah, someone else
can do I'll be walking the streets of
Boston and trying not to get sucker
punched. I've been eating a canoli and
walking the streets of Boston with my
canoli. This sounds so good. I'm excited
about Boston. I haven't been there for
six years, I think. Six plus years. It
has. So, if you're at the show,
definitely track us down. If you want to
say hi, come say hi. If you want to say
take a picture, we would love to do
that. We love to see you. Please come.
So, yeah, we're we're coming out to hang
out with all of you. Yes. Exciting
stuff. Awesome. Let's get into our
discussion of ranking every Nintendo
hardware launch. But first, of course,
we have our sponsor to shout out. This
episode is sponsored by Notion. Thank
you, Notion. There's no shortage of
helpful productivity tools out there,
but using them means switching back and
forth between yet another digital tool.
So, instead of simplifying your
workflow, it just becomes more
complicated. Unless, of course, you're
in Notion. Yes, we talk so much about
Notion. We've been using Notion for I
guess over a year now at this point.
Yes. And it's become indispensable to
our like you know process of organizing
all our stuff. We use it for all of our
podcast notes and our run of shows. We
use it to like organize all of our
files. It's just been amazing.
Definitely a game changer for us. that
that point that I mentioned at the top
about not having to switch around like
that really means a lot to me because
we've experienced that of like well
where's the thing like oh it's here well
well it's not oh oh it's in it's in the
other app in the in the thing yeah like
I can't I can't be and then I'm already
out of my I'm my mind space has been
disrupted I'm giving up on this I can't
I can't do this right now this is where
you get on me for being a self
proclaimed organizational I learned the
hard way that I'm not actually I learned
the hard way that you really organized
in my mind but with notion I can organ
organizer for everyone. Exactly.
Exactly. And the fully integrated notion
assistant helps you work faster, write
better, think bigger, doing tasks that
normally take you hours in just seconds.
So, it's great. We're for a twoerson duo
like us. Yeah. And used by over half of
Fortune 500 companies, but that's not
us. It's okay. One day. It's great if
you're just a couple couple people
trying to do a thing, too, just like we
are. So, that's great. So, try Notion
for free when you go to
notion.com/kittenchrista. That is all
lowercase letters.
notion.com/kittenchrista to try the
powerful easy to use Notion assistant
today. And when you use our link, you
are supporting our show.
Notion.com/kitten christrista. We're
putting the link here with the QR code
and also in the description below. Yes.
All right. Okay. So, I mentioned we
mentioned um how big the Switch 2 launch
could be from a sales perspective and
Nintendo put out that notice that said,
"Hey, we got 2.2 2 million people pre uh
registering on just my Nintendo alone in
Japan. This in Japan, yes, this analyst
did the laziest thing ever and they said
the numbers together. They timesed it by
three. Well, there's three major
regions, so it looks like they're going
to sell more than 6.6 million units.
That's lazy. That's so lazy. What are
you actually? And it's like, oh, way to
put yourself out on a limb like, hey, I
think this is going to be a big seller
after Nintendo said it. They It's going
to be the big It's already unprecedented
demand. Oh, here's my official analyst
prediction. Way to go. This is why you
This is why you get the big bucks. But,
um, yes, there is a lot more that goes
into having a successful console
launched than strictly unless you're the
CFO. There's there's a lot more that
goes into it than just than just the
number. So, we're going to go through
every both handheld and home console uh
launch from Nintendo and we're going to
we're going to rank them and the
criteria that you mentioned. So, we have
three criteria. We're going to rank each
launch on these three different things.
We're going to give it a number one
through five. Mhm. the launch games. And
for each lineup, I have pulled three uh
signature games for from day one. Except
for the one except except for the one
that only had two. Whoops. We're going
to talk about the launch hardware
because not all launch hardware is
created equal. True. Some some were more
baked than others. Some systems launch
needing an update from day one. some
systems, especially recently, launched
needing no updates for for you know
whether it's from a physical sense or a
software sense. Yeah. Or a refresh. Yes.
Exactly. Yeah. So, we're going to talk
about that. And then just just lastly,
there's there's a bit of wiggle here.
How you want to define the wow factor?
Am I dazzled by this new thing? Does
this feel nextgen? Does this feel like a
step up from what I've been doing? Do I
want to show this off? Does it feel cool
to people? Is it just Is it just super
cool? Can I can I just not stop
thinking? Does it feel cool to you when
you look at this list of Nintendo
launches and and just think to yourself
or or just know that you have been there
for every single one?
Uh it's true. You have been alive. Well,
you I did not get the NE I was not
involved in the NES console launch. I
got that one a little bit later, but
after that after that, yeah, I was
pretty much But you were pretty much
like there waiting around hoping to get
it, wanting it, thinking about it,
talking about it. Yeah. either as a kid
getting it from your parents or or later
on in life getting it yourself. But like
every single one of these like you were
there. That's pretty cool, right? That
is that is an underrated thing. Yeah.
What an amazing life we've lived being
being in our age range. We got to
experience all this stuff in the movie
which is it's awesome. Start with again
with the NES where it all started right
back in 85. Wow. And the games that we
are looking at for this are Super Mario
Brothers. Wow. Wow. Iconic. Duck Hunt.
Okay. And Excite Bike. To be clear,
we're talking about the North American
launch. That's right. Famcom, it was a
different year with some different
games. I wasn't there for that. No, I
wasn't experiencing that. No. No. So,
we're focused on the NES launch in ' 85.
Mario Brothers Duck Hunt Excite Bike.
Yeah. Uh let's let's get into the
ranking here. Yes. And I'll be keeping
notes. So how would you rank these three
games from one to five? I mean it's it's
it's topheavy. Let's be honest. It's
very topheavy. But there there is sort
of like
wow there is I feel like there is some
variety you know there is like kind of
something something different. It's not
just like only you know 2D platformer is
like not the only launch game which is
kind of nice.
um hard to separate your feelings from
sort of this idea that gosh, this is
where it all started kind of and like
this is where this legacy started to
become a real thing and and Mario came
into the world and became
like this legendary, you know, iconic
thing forever and ever. So, it's a
little bit hard to separate your I think
my feelings from that idea, but I would
say that from a launch game perspective,
I'll give it a four. Um, what do you
think? I think you could argue that this
should be a five just because this Mario
Brothers just on its own. Just on its
own. Yeah. Like you could even remove
just the other two games and be like
whatever. Uh cuz it it it did have it
immediately was attention getting. It
was immediately different from stuff
that came before. Um became an icon. It
became this iconic thing. But yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I think we could I'm fine if
you want to go forward. Let's go for it
because I think the other games are not,
you know, again, it Mario definitely is
carrying this, but um the other games
are great, but I do think could be a
little better. The hardware, so there
was very late uh a hardware revision for
the NES, but it's kind of so far down
the line that it's not even, you know,
kind of inconsequent. I don't think they
were really thinking about that. Yeah.
Yeah, when you think NES, you're really
thinking in your head and and what we
what I had what I the gray box was the
gray box which was at launch, right? So
the har pre-baked from day one and again
this is where you know historically like
they were coming over the video game
crash. They wanted something that looked
a little bit different. We worked with
the guy Lance Bar who designed the
design for this design for and there was
a lot of thought that went into like how
can we indicate to people that this is
not just another junky video game
system. This is This is a new thing.
This is going to look sleek under their
TV and fit in with whatever other things
they have. I think this should be a
five. Actually, I think this should be a
five, too. I I totally think that it it
had like this like really unique form
factor for the time and it definitely
had some like innovation too, you know,
with the controller and things like
that. There was some innovation there
that was like, "Wow, you're really
bringing like the arcade to your house,
which is pretty a pretty cool concept at
the time, right?" Yeah. Okay. Now, wow
factor. Yeah. I mean, again, I think the
wow factor was pretty high considering
most people were coming from stuff like
Atari, which was very limited. NES
introduced a new controller, which
became just the deacto way of doing a
controller for a long time. Um, it had
incredible longevity. Really en enabled
people to do I mean certainly for myself
like the wow factor was like, "Oh, oh
wow. Oh, wow." I think the wow factor
was totally there too. And I think the
other thing that Nintendo really
established in the NES era that became
like a true identity for them is this
idea of like gaming with your family.
And like I remember like everybody that
picked up that NES controller in my
house, my dad, my mom, myself, all
different ages, all different skill
sets. Like everybody could play it. Mhm.
Like my mom was an expert at the Mario
water level and she doesn't play games,
you know, and that was that's like a
real like this is what Nintendo does.
Like they make it very accessible for
people and it kind of started with the
NES. So I think it's a five factor. Wow.
Very strong score for the NES out of the
gate getting a 14. I'll be handling the
math today. Add adding up these three
single digit numbers. It's a tall task.
I'll be I'll be doing that. I can't do
it. I I cannot do it. Like we have the
Game Boy in 1989, which is a really
interesting one out of the gate. Uh the
three games we are considering are
Tetris, Super Mario Land, and Alleyway.
I had a hard time picking the third
game. There were a couple. There was
like a tennis game, there was a baseball
game, I think. Kind of a sports kind of
third. Honestly, it doesn't matter
because the first carried it. Tetris and
Super Mario Land are the big heavy
hitters here. So, in terms of the games,
I mean, Tetris Game Boy is like one of
the most I think that's the most iconic
game ever made. Iconic things. And then
you add on the fact that you had a Mario
game. If you ask me, it's a very weak
Mario game, but it's still a Mario a
Mario game that people were like, if I
kind of squint at this and I can kind of
get I can kind of get myself there. It's
so limited on the hardware. They did the
best they could. It's still Mario game
on a handheld, right? So, I don't know.
I I I lean five on this. I think this is
pretty amazing. Yeah. Uh, and all the
backtory of getting Tetris is out there.
Super interesting. I love that launch
hardware. So, I'm going to have to score
this a bit lower. Yeah, this one, you
know, very ambitious and with with the
idea of handheld gaming. There wasn't
really anything like this at the time.
Like, the closest thing was like those
junky tiger handhelds. Oh, yeah. I
remember those. Sucked. They were
terrible. They were awful. And they were
they were very much in like the the
throwaway like toy category whereas this
was like an electronic entertainment
premium
going to last kind of thing. But it had
some issues. It had you know some major
technological challenges. You couldn't
see you just couldn't see the you
couldn't see the screen. At night under
my covers I could see it. But even like
even even like outside like in maximum
daylight or like under a light like even
then like the the blur of the screen was
there that that puke the color was
really tough.
So and they they did do a lot of
revisions to this later on to address
some of those things but even then the
screen o always had a bit of an issue.
Mhm. So, I'm thinking like I'm going to
be I'm going to be generous and suggest
a three. I was going to say three
because again they they were doing
something new but and they were doing
the best that they could with what they
had available and they wanted to make it
affordable so they cut so they they
didn't they made some compromises hard
back in 1989 they had limitations. Okay.
Yeah. Um okay. Wow factor. Wow factor. I
mean I'm going to say this is not a
five. No, because again you did have
some sort of like a little bit with
those the the silly tiger, you know,
handhelds or whatever, but um it didn't
it definitely didn't have the same kind
of like wow factor as one of Nintendo's
home consoles like an NES. Right. Right.
Um
and and and we already talked about some
of the limitations with the hardware. So
maybe a three or four. I'm thinking a
three or four.
All right. Three is fine. Yeah. Three.
Just using my own experience. Like I was
in no rush to get a Game Boy. That's
right. Like I had some friends who had
one. I played there. I was like, h it's
it's it's okay. I eventually did get
one, but I also I also upgraded to an
Advance like as soon as that happened.
Right. Right. I mean by then we were
well past 1989.
Well past it. Yeah. Exactly. Um so yeah.
Okay. So that's going to be an 11. I did
it. Good for you. Maths. Okay. Do we
have a tiebreaker? Maybe you should
think of a tiebreaker in case we might
coin back. We're not flipping a coin. We
need something better than that.
Tiebreaker is Christa gets to decide.
Super NES 91. Launch lineup is Super
Mario World, F-Zero, and Pilot Wings.
Epic stuff. Pretty good lineup there.
Launch games. I know you want to give
this a five. I do. I really do. Packed
in, we should say. Packed in. Packed.
Packed in. Super Mario World was packed
in. iconic stuff. I think that does get
that get that gets us to fun. Even the
other two games, the other two are
really good. F-Zero and Pilot Wings are
great games and like they did show off
like, "Oh, look at all these graphical
effects we can do. Look at the speed of
F-Zero, right? Really different
experiences, too. Like I I remember like
I've I've been fascinated by Pilot Wings
for a long time. Where's the next Pilot
Wings game?" Well, maybe after the 3DS
one. Oh, yeah. That one. The Bloom is
off of that rose a little bit, you know?
Well, they could they could maybe redo
it a little bit. I I would love for them
to try again. Try again with Switch 2.
Give us like 4K pilot links. Yeah. But
that's that's a very this is a very well
thoughtout launch. Very well thought
out. Yes. Launch hardware. Mhm.
So the version we got in America, the
sort of the purpley purpley light gray
with the light gray I would I would
argue is inferior to the Japanese
version. I really like the little
multicolored Japanese version. The
rounded edges are nice. Yes, I mean this
is definitely like a, you know, a um
stepping stone or whatever you want to
call it. Like the NES form factor to the
SNES form factor is very much, you know,
in a similar vein. Um, so in terms
of hardware, it wasn't
like, you know, it wasn't like a huge
like whoa, it was a huge departure or
anything like controller did introduce.
We have got the shoulder button rounded
uh sort of controller is a little bit
more ergonomic shoulder button. Very
outstanding controller. Yeah. Uh
powerful for the time. It was very
powerful.
I I'm going to go four. Yeah, I'm going
to say four. And then wow factor, we
should say. So for each of these first
three that we're talking about, there
was no big launch day. It just kind of
started showing up in stores. They
didn't do like pre-order. It was not
like, oh, get it on, get it on this day
because they just didn't. it just
started appearing and you would start to
hear like, "Oh, did you know that so and
so got the new what? Oh my gosh, I now I
need to find this." It was around the
holidaysish and so you you would or
something like that where you would just
like kind of see it in a store. Were you
the first kid in your neighborhood to
get a Super Nintendo? I was not. I was
not either. Yeah. I I I had to like
really convince my parents. So, I needed
time to work on them. I had the friend
who whose parent did the business trip
to Japan and like came back with like
wait what's going on here.
That's incredible. I was like I my mind
was truly Wait, what the Japanese
version? I think so. If I Yeah. This
person must have had the hookup or I
don't know what this person did. Oh wow.
Who knows? That I that would blow my
little little girl mind. I would be like
I would be like I want to be your friend
forever. What? Yeah. There was one kid
in my neighborhood that got it early and
then I remember everybody would go over
to um his house to play and that's when
I started to work on my parents. I was
like, "Yeah, can we get this?" Exactly.
Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Uh wow factor. I
don't think it can be as high as the
NES. I think it's a four four cuz Yeah.
Again, it was extremely capable. Great
system, but definitely like a just a
just to cut up more of more of that
better take on all of that. Exactly.
Okay. Here's the one. So from here child
yeah from here on there there I do
remember like oh get your Nintendo 64
pre-order it and get it on this date.
That's where that began. I remember
doing that and I did get mine on day
one. This isn't half. This is Nintendo
64 in 1996.
Uh this is the literal two game launch
lineup of Super Mario 64 and Pilot Wings
64. And that was it. That was it. There
was literally nothing. Yeah. only
Nintendo system that I skipped N64.
There was something going on. I feel
like I I was like kind of out of gaming
that I don't know why that year. I can't
remember why. Um and yeah, I I remember
it being like a little light on games,
too. And honestly, this is very
blasphemous to say, but I wasn't that
wowed by a 3D Mario game at the time.
We're going to have to fight over this.
I was like, "Yeah, oh no, it looks okay.
We're going to fight. We're going to
fight over this." I don't know. I I feel
like I got on board more once I played
Mario Kart at my friend's house. Uhhuh.
On her N64 and then I was like, "Oh,
this is pretty cool." Um, it up until
Breath of the Wild Mario 64 was my
favorite game. But I I don't think I can
give this a five just due to the fact
that there were two games and literally
two games and you started it was a wait
after that. Like you play Mario 64 for
how many years? I I mean I played it
non-stop for many many months until I
even got another game, right? Because
there were no other games. There were no
other games. Yeah, I think the star the
Star Wars Shadows of the Empire I got a
little bit after that. But yeah, it was
it was just let the wait begin. I mean
that was the story of that whole system.
Wait, you're waiting. Just waiting.
You're just tapping your foot waiting.
which there was a big opportunity for
the PlayStation. I'm going to let you
cook on this one cuz I didn't own the
system so you pick. Oh, okay. I'm going
to give it a four in terms of the games.
Um
the launch hardware, it's divisive
because a lot of these games you really
do need that controller. Control scheme
was so interesting and different to
experience it, but it's still even then
and especially now it's a weird
controller. It doesn't really hold up to
the test of time. So for me, like I I
appreciate it for what it is and and the
things that it enabled, but it was
unusual in a lot of ways. It was a it
was a big big challenge for me to get
kind of just get used to it at all, you
know, but it was a huge step up. It did
really, you know, introduce 3D at around
the same time the PlayStation did. It
did use the cartridges, which was which
was this was the fork in the road for a
lot of the industry. Yeah. RAM
cartridges and it led to the games being
a lot more very similar to a
conversation we're having now. The games
started to get super expensive again
versus the PlayStation where it's like,
"Oh, it's 50 bucks versus 80 bucks.
Forget this per game. Why I'm going to
do that?"
So, I'll give it a three. Okay, I'll
give it a three. Even though I I
personally am very fond of the Nintendo
64, of course, but for nostalgia, the
wow factor. Now, I I I can't get on
board with you saying that that Mario 64
was not a Wow game because you just had
not seen 3D games like that really at
all up until that point and how
perfectly Mario got translated into 3D.
I think I just had a really hard time
playing it. like I could and you know
me, I'm really bad at 3D platformers and
like you saw that firsthand when we were
playing split fiction. Um I I truly just
like could not do a lot of the stuff
like I couldn't do it and so it was
frustrating for me. But I understand the
idea of it being like wow in the sense
of like you're seeing something that
you've only seen in 2D in 3D for the
first time. That definitely is a wow.
But in terms of the game play, like it
was harder for some people to actually
play the game. Yes. I'm going to I'm
going to say we should give this a four
because again, like there was a big wow
to that. But again, if you started to
scratch beneath the surface, you could
see kind of how shallow
the pipeline of games was for this,
right? And that did kind of take some of
the excitement off of like, oh, I want
more experiences like this, and they're
just kind of not there. And again, like
you have to contrast it with the
PlayStation, which was just taking off.
You know, it really limited what the
Nintendo 64 could accomplish. So, I'm
going to say four. Okay. So, that is
another 11 for us.
Okay. You didn't do that. We didn't add
up. That's gets 13 for the SNES. Okay.
That's pretty good. Okay. So, our
current leader so far is the NES with
14. Very Oh my gosh, that's a really
high score. Very high score.
GameCube in
2001. The launch lineups we're going to
look at are Luigi's Mansion, Super
Monkey Ball, a Is that our first third
party game that we're introducing? I
think so. No. Yeah. And Star Wars Rogue
Squadron 2. They did have Smash Brothers
very soon after, but that doesn't count.
Not a day not a day. It's a launch
window game, but it's not a day one. And
then they had Double Dash pretty soon
after as well, right? That was later.
Yes, that was later.
So, I think this is not as strong of a
launch lineup. Luigi, I mean, people
love Luigi's Mansion. It's become a very
good series, but at the time it wasn't
really that, but looking at it, look,
every other one we've had like the big
like groundbreaking Mario game, new
groundbreaking Mario game, and this just
was not that. Yeah. Um, it's kind of a
tier below that. Super Monkey Ball is a
great party game. Oh, yeah. Um, again,
become a become a very popular and
successful franchise. Um, and then Star
Wars Rogue Squadron. That was kind of
the technical showpiece. I I don't
imagine you you had that, but I did. And
that like those graphics were there was
like that was a wow factor to that. That
was like, oh wow, this is a really
capable um system. If only they had
Shrek as a launch game. That would have
made it a five right there. Uh I'm Let's
see. Uh launch line. I'm going to say
three. I'm going to say a three as well.
I might even argue that that's a two,
but I'll let's be generous. Give it a
GameCube kid. We can go three. Gamecube
kid. Launch hardware. Hm. I like the
launch hardware. I thought it was
actually pretty cool. Came in different
colors. Yep. You didn't have to get the
purple one. Nope. You can get the gray.
Yes. Um but you get the black one. You
can get the black. The black also. Yes.
It has cute little handles. Uh could be
a pro or a con. I like the controller a
lot. Never never got a revision. Also
never got also short lifespan though.
Short lifpan. Also with the N64. never
got a revision. Yeah. But I thought the
form factor was pretty cool at the time.
Like it it felt like very I don't know.
It was just it's kind of like I keep
thinking about this in the era that it
was in where it was like was it where we
get like the little like iMacs and
little like kind of that kind of tech
where it was kind of cute. It was a
little bit like
different than what you imagine an
electronic device look like. The
GameCube controller we have to talk
about which I love. I love it a little
bit less. Maybe a lot less. I think this
is a four.
I think this is a four.
Yeah, I think I can get on board. I
think it is. I think I can get on board
with a four. Yeah, the
gamecube controller is pretty like Yeah,
it's that has really sustained the test
of time. People still use it now. This
was in the era of the PS2 and the Xbox.
And in terms of
like visuals, it was right in the middle
of what what it was capable of. So, and
this was kind of the generation where
they were maybe just more focused on
that graphics beyond other innovations,
right? Um, interestingly, but they they
did that well. So, yeah, fine. Four.
Fine. Wow factor.
A little crowded space. Yeah. Where the
GameCube launched. Um, I feel like I was
actually wowed by some of the other
consoles a little bit more. Okay, let's
go. Were you Were you more or less wowed
by a GameCube than a PlayStation 2? No,
I was more wowed by a PlayStation 2
because it had you could play a DVD.
Yes. Yes. Among other things. I wanted
to play Final Fantasy and it had Final
Fantasy. Really? Were you more or less
wowed uh than an Xbox?
I was more wowed by the game because at
the time I wasn't really into Xbox. I
was intrigued. I didn't really get into
Xbox until 360. I was intrigued by the
Xbox. I did not get an Xbox on day one,
but I was intrigued by it. I wouldn't
say I was immediately wowed That's
right. by it. I was like, I'mma watch
this, but I'm not like gonna go out and
like buy it. No. Xbox Xbox, we're not
ranking nons Xbox 360 wow factor is like
maybe like it's like a six. It's like a
10. It's it's it's incredible. 100. Wow.
That's where I got into Anyways, this is
not what we're doing. Uh, so this is
going to be a three or a four. I think
it's probably a five. We can't do half
numbers. We're not doing that. We're not
compromising ourselves. I love GameCube
so much. I think I have to give it a
three. Great. I'll let you say it, not
me. Uh, so that 10. That's our lowest
score yet. Oh, no. Lower than Game Boy.
Uh, yeah. Game Boy got 11. I mean, Game
Boy got the top. It got his game. That's
what happened. Game Boy Tetris. Dang. Do
not mess with Game Boy Tetris. But your
launch day lineup is is a little shaky.
Okay. Some of these lineups do get a
little shaky in in the next in the next
couple over they get shaky. Yeah. Game
Boy Advance. Now we we're not doing Game
Boy Color. People debate whether Game
Boy Color is its own generation. I don't
think it is. And I just don't think it
would score very well anyway. So we're
not we're not doing it. Skip over to
Game Boy. Game Boy Advance 2001. Also
2001. Why do I think Game Boy Advance
came out so much earlier than 2001? It
didn't. That's so weird. Are you
thinking of the Game Boy Color? I Oh,
maybe. Maybe that's what you're thinking
of. the three games. And this was
another one where I had there was not a
definitive three games, but the three
that I'm saying are Super Mario Advance,
Tony Hawks, Pros Skater 2, and
Castlevania Circle of the Moon. You
didn't talk about Castlevania Circle of
the Moon when we were talking about
Castlevania a lot. It's not become the
most loved cast one of these. I I still
like it. I didn't play this game. Again,
the problem, and this this feeds into
one of the problems with the hardware,
you could not see it. It was a pretty
dark game on a system that had no light.
So you were still It's like you were
back in 1989 like I cannot see this.
So when it comes So let's remember that
when it comes to talking about the
hardware. Okay. So so the lineup Super
Mario Advance is a remake.
Uh the Tony So Tony Hawk pretty cool.
The Tony Hawk games on on GBA and on
like those were pretty cool. Those are
pretty cool. Yeah. and really like an
interesting take on. I definitely played
that game on a Game Boy and Castlevania.
Like again, you can argue with it, but
it's continuing the Symphony of the
Night style on a handheld, which was
cool, but I'm going to propose a three
for this. I think you're right. Yeah.
Will anything get less than a three?
Oh, I think it will. Looking ahead. I I
feel like I think there's one that's
going to get less than a three. I think
I already see one. The launch hardware.
Now, this is one where they pretty
quickly turned around that GBA SP. Oh,
yes. That's right. Which was That's I
mean, that's an incredible system. So,
incredibly better. That's an incredible
system. This one That one had the wow.
This one did not. This one really had
very low wow factor. I think like a two.
I think a two. I think a two actually in
terms of the hardware. Yeah, they really
This is not wow factor. This is
hardware. Yes. Yes. Yeah, it did. It's
like It just wasn't It wasn't like quite
there because it should have just
waited. It was great. Released SP. It
was great to have those Super NES style
games. Like the the visuals were great,
but you just could not I mean, you could
not see it. You could not play it, which
is unfortunate. So, I have to dig it.
You had to you had to buy the worm
light. Yes. You had no chance to but to
buy the worm light. I bought it. I had
Everybody had the worm light. I had it
because I had to. Jeez, it's so sad. How
much money did we spend on that thing?
The worm light? No, the the whole the
whole enchilada. What are you talking
about right now? The whole of what? Game
Boy Advance plus warm light. How much
was that? I don't think the Game Boy
Advance was too expensive, but at the
time 2000. Don't do that. Oh, I'm
adjusting for inflation now. I'm
thinking about my my income at in 200.
Well, your income was probably zero.
Zero.
No, I think I had a part-time job in
2001. Delivering newspapers. I was like
a tutor or something. Was I must have
Oh, it wasn't for math. It wasn't or
spelling.
Uh, wow factor. Oh man. Eh, three. That
wasn't really wild. Let me think about
this. That wasn't really wild. It was
okay.
Yeah, I bought it though. I wanted as
the library filled out, it was good. It
became a really impressive library, but
I did not get this day one. And again, I
remember looking at these launch games
and being like, I don't I don't need
this right now. They did they did tout
the connectivity. That's right. The
GameCube. Yes. which they had in in a
couple high-profile games, but even that
feature was not the link cable. Yes, the
link like there were very few examples
of that being a substantial thing.
Three. That's what I said. Three. That's
what I said. This is our low. Uh that's
an eight. Yikes. Yikes. Sorry. Yikes.
Sorry. Nintendo DS 2004.
Uh launch lineup.
This this may be a controversial
selection of the launch line. So Mario
64 DS. Okay. Feel the magic XX and XY.
Oo, sexy. And also I I wrote the Metroid
Prime Hunter's first hunt. That's a
demo. That's right. This is the demo
that was included. This is not the full
game. This is just a demo.
It was a little flimsy. Pretty flimsy.
After Super Mario 64, it got a little
flimsy fast. Feel the magic though.
That was that was another one of those
games. Very sexy. I was just hungry. I
like I want games. I want to I want
games to I want to touch it to test
drive the system. Touching is good. I'm
ready to touch. But I I just couldn't
get over it to buy that game. Did you
buy it? No, I didn't. I was like I can't
justify spend I don't know. It was like
40 bucks. I was like I can't I can't
spend this is a Sega game, right?
Playing some like glorified like phone
like PD PDA game back in the time. The
jeweled that was I can't I can't justify
spending 40 bucks on this. Oh man. 2004.
Wow.
So 64DS. Um it's a good I mean
I mean it wasn't really that good. I
have a lot of conflicted feelings about
this version. It was okay because the
mini games though. The mini games. Oh my
gosh. The mini games are incredible.
Bring that back into its own. The mini
games are pretty good. I think it's a
three though. It's pretty It's pretty
flimsy.
Yeah, it's pretty flimsy. You can't you
can't two ways about it, you know. just
the all this all the control control
stuff you could do on the N64 with that
controller you could not do and they
told you to try that little nubb in and
I almost broke my almost broke my thumb
off trying to use that it just did not
work the nubbing was hard to control the
camera I remember that was like
impossible I'm like I can't even play
this with an actual controller how can I
play it with gas lit about a nubbing
gosh oh no
next is launch hardware so this was the
DS fat yeah that was not a pretty system
again relatively quickly we had the DS
light which was which was a beautiful
perfect thing. And later on we had the
DS XL. Oh my gosh, this is getting even
better. I can't believe it.
I don't know. The the initial the
initial fat was not the best. But aside
from the the form factor, it's not like
the light. It's not like the light where
there was something like really
drastically missing. That's true. About
it. The form factor was was ugly, but
the idea of a touch screen, it had the
Wi-Fi. You could use it for the that was
pretty cool. Yeah, it was pretty
touchreen. The touchcreen was good. This
is where I I I finally discovered my
warrior my warrior touch. But the form
factor is really probably not something
that should have seen the light of day.
The light of day. So, I'm going to
propose a three for this. Okay. Did do
you have a different thought? That's
fine. Well, what were you going to say?
I was going to say four, but that's
fine. Oh, really? No, I think I think it
should be a three. And then the wow
factor. I was not convinced of the
touchcreen until I played that Warriio
game. Is that before or after you had So
you did not have the system itself? I
did not have it at launch. Had you
played it before then? Had you played a
DS before then? No. No. So you just
didn't know. Do you think if you had
played any of these games before then
you was like, "Oh, oh, I get it now."
Maybe. I I do think that when they were
like when it was being talked about and
it was just like, you know, commercials
and news articles about it. I was like,
"This is dumb." I got it day one. I I I
would not say I was immediately wowed.
But again, I was immediately intrigued.
I was like, there's something to this.
There's more to this than maybe I
thought. I am hoping that in the future
we get more experiences than Once I once
I played once developers figure out how
to use this, then we'll be talking. Once
I played that game though, I was like,
I'm so in. I totally understand this.
But it was immediately very different,
very cool. It felt again having all that
online stuff in a little system,
surprisingly capable with graphics. I'm
I'm going to say a four. I think it's
pretty good. I think it's a four. And
that gets us revolutionary. That gets us
a 10. All right, we're back on the
upswing. Oh, we're back. We're coming
back up. Just like Just like Nintendo,
we're coming back. That's right. The
hockey stick. The comeback is on. Wii
Oh, 2006. I think this could be a very
high number. Oh, yeah. Launch lineup.
Wii Sports Zelda Twilight Princess. The
third game I I debated between Red Steel
and Raymond Raving Rabbids. Oh, it's a
great game. You'd rather have that?
Yeah. All right, fine. Raymond, then
it's a five. What? Immediately. F. Yes.
Because of the three games. Because of
Raymond. These are the three games that
I had at launch for this. Did you like
Raymond? I loved it. Oh, absolutely. I
had that. I had that, too, but I didn't.
I would love another Raymond, but we
don't need It's a five. It's a Oh, it's
100% a five in terms of games. It could
be a six. Launch games, it's a five.
Yes. The the one-two punch of Wii Sports
and Zelda. Like I was just like I was
just trading off like now time for this,
now time for that, now this, now that.
Perfect. You got people over, your
family's there, you got you play some
tents, right? And then and then like
you're like at home and you're like
playing Zelda and crying. I don't even
like Twilight Princess, but I have to
acknowledge it's like one of the best
games. I don't even like Twilight
Princess. But there's that meme that's
going around like, "Oh, which Zelda game
has to go?" It's that one. No, it isn't.
It is. You're This is where you But I
still gave it a five. This is where
where you and I trade off like like
stabs to the heart. I tell you Mario 64
was only okay. You tell me princess is
only okay. I'm not I'm not proposing
that this needs to be a three because of
I'm saying it should be a five. It's a
six. It's a five. It's a 10. It's a five
because of Wii Sports. It is so good.
What a what a what a magical packed in
for us. Thanks Re. What a magical launch
lineup this is. Huh? Yeah. Do you
remember how hyped we were? Yeah. Oh
man. Uh launch hardware. I mean, I was
wowed. Well, this is not wow factor.
This is launch hardware. Pretty good.
Launch hardware. Launch hardware was
good. I had that Wii remote. Wii remote.
I will say that the stupid little like
sensor bar. My sensor bar was chewed
through by my cat the day after I got my
Wii came out. Remember day one they were
not having the wrist strap. So people
were throwing the Wii remote through the
TV. Chew through the TV. They did not.
They had to do something. Is that a mark
against this? Well, it's not their
fault. Hold on to the remotes, people.
So, the Wii itself never really had a
major hardware and I'm not counting the
Wii Mini in your little Vancouver ski
chalet. I'm not counting that. But you
get you did get Wii Motion Plus and an
enhancement to the Wii remote. And it
had that little like like that. Yes,
that that sock thing. I was going to say
the other one an elongated sock. So,
um, I'm still going to propose that this
a snap out of it. I'm still going to
propose that this is a five. I think
it's a five. I think it's a five. I
think everything is a five because I
think for a lot of people, they couldn't
tell the difference while we're
debating. They couldn't tell the
difference between like what like, oh,
just what I'm doing in Wii Sports is
translating into this game summit. I
don't know how this works, but it's
working. It's great. You don't you don't
actually understand how limited that's
that's the beauty of that game. We had
that we had a little microphone on it
too and it was like No, it's a speaker.
It's not a micro speaker. Five.
Obviously five. And then wow factor.
Obviously a five. I mean how could it
be? Seniors were bowling guys. You
really like to talk about the bowling
seniors. I loved it. I loved it. Why?
It's cool. It's a heartwarming story for
you. Great. It's a deliciously
heartwarming story for me. So the Wii is
getting a perfect score. It is because
it was awesome. I do think this is it's
welld deserved. This needs to be in the
conversation for the best one. I mean,
it was incredible. It was it was a
phenomenon. It was a phenomenal. It was
it was all people could talk about.
Yeah. I remember the the legacy. It was
a must do activity that all those
holidays right after. Yeah. Yeah. And I
joined Nintendo one year after the Wii
launched and the fervor the the the the
need Yes. that people were still like,
you know, having a year later just dying
to get one of these things was like an
incredible thing to see. Um Oh, yeah.
All right. All right. Go. A system that
will not be getting a perfect score is
the Nintendo 3DS, which came out in 2011
with a whopping launch lineup of this.
Pilot Wings Resort, Nintendo Dogs Plus
Cats, and Super Street Fighter 4. Is now
now that I'm looking back at all your
your data Yeah. Is Pilot Wings the most
is the game that's been in the most
launch lineups? No. So, there's only
two. No. SN 64. Yeah, it's it's been
it's a common launch game. Very common.
Why? Why Pilot Wing? And you notice I I
omitted the great Steel Diver.
The great The greatness of Steel Diver.
Negative points. Negative 10. Negative
10. Um Oh gosh, this one was This was
rough. This was real rough. So, in terms
of the launch lineup,
I mean, I'm thinking two. Yeah. Or maybe
even a one. I I don't know. Two. I think
Nintendo Plus Cats was there were some
other hidden like I talked so much about
the go Ghost Recon game. There were some
hidden gems still in the launch. So, but
but two very limited. It had no heavy
hitters. No. Nothing that was making you
like, "Oh my gosh, I must get this
right." right now. Right. Very sad state
of affairs for the 3DS.
launch hardware. So, I think that's
pretty cool. A launch hardware like it
has it did eventually get the 3DS. I
mean, we got so many revisions to the
hardware, but but at the start, the form
factor was pretty much there and it had
all the functionality in it. It had all
the fun it had um a really nice like
glossy finish. It had the two colors. I
always thought the screens on the launch
3 were a little small. Yeah. On the
launch 3DS, consequential, too. Sure.
That was kind of It's kind of
consequential. I mean, fine. We're
closer to your face. Who cares? I think
the hard is actually pretty cool. Okay.
I was actually thinking three, but but
maybe you seem you seem excited about a
four. I think a four is good. It
deserves a little it if it the fault of
this was really the launch lineup, not
the hardware. But look, I mean, once
once we had that 3DS XL, we were really
cooking then. We would have cooked for a
long time. So, like and then it was like
very it did very well. That was an
incredible system. had the circle pad
which was nice but not the circle pad
pro. No, not that. Don't forget that.
Yeah. But then then you got your big
screens. You were very happy then. Very
happy. Okay. Wow factor. So I would
argue the wow factor is very high.
Actually the wow factor I am still wowed
by glasses free 3D. Like to this day I'm
like I don't I don't want to play to be
clear. I don't want to play a whole game
with it. But when I was like wow. But
when you turned it on for like that like
f the first two minutes you're like that
looks cool. How has nobody else tried to
do anything with that since then? 3D is
out though. People are not into it. I
mean, that was the era of 3D TV. As the
technology gets better, I'm sure there's
some people are not really improving the
technology. I'm sure that 15 years
later, there's been some innovations in
glasses for each. We just haven't seen
it. But do we want to see it? I don't
know. But it was a it was a wow. I mean,
that first E3 like that was wow. When
the women came out, that was a wow. Oh
my gosh. Wow. Street Pass was a wow.
Like I I don't even know what this is.
launch event when we threw our our paper
glasses into the air. I wasn't there.
That was a while. And it's like, oh my
god, Street Pass. Like I'm I'm building
my life around Street Pass now. I'm I'm
walking down strange dark dark alleys to
meet my the man of my dreams via Street
Pass. I actually think it needs to be a
five. I'm I'm I feel strongly it should
be. This is the strangest selection of
scores. It got a two on games, four on
hardware, and five on WoW. Wow, that's
strange. So that gets an Oh, wow. an 11.
I wasn't sure it got a higher. It got
higher than the DS. Very interesting. DS
was DS was DS. Is this right? Yes, it is
right. Okay. Okay. Wii U. Oh boy. Wii U.
We have for our games. Nintendo Land
also packed in
New Super Mario Brothers U. And I chose
Zombie U. That's a good one. As the
third game. That's a good one because
that that would really use the
functionality of the the third parties
rep what the system could do. launch
games. Well, it's not I mean, it's not
great, but it's also not terrible. It's
not terrible. You did get a a new Mario
game. It was a a lazy Mario game, but
it's it's a very serviceable 3D Mario
game. So, serviceable. Yes, that's a
good word for it. Nintendo Land. Um I
mean, there's a couple of little things
in there that were fun. I'm sure you
could find something in there. Yeah. To
to while away sometime. Sometime you can
play your little hide. It's not
whatever, but we all knew that. Yeah.
And then zombie was I mean that's pretty
it was an innovative use of the game pad
and the like who can forget Reggie's
zombie face like that was cute. Maybe a
three.
Um uh I'm thinking does this deserve a
four? No. Are you sure? Yeah. All right,
fine. Definitely better than the 3DS
though. So three.
Yeah. Launch hardware
very poor. Very I mean we've
But but it technological this is the
first case where it's not from a like
does you know the physical form factor
we're actually talking about the soft
the software running it did not work how
long it took to load up a game how many
day like patches did we have to get it
was bad right it was bad my infamous
story about the game crashing six
consecutive times it crashed so much at
the holiday get together two that
impacts the wow factor too two
and it just never felt right. I like the
game I like holding the game pad. It's
too heavy. I'm gonna I'm gonna say it's
a three, but the wow factor is getting
hurt as a result. Oh, you know, I think
it's a two. The wow factor is going to
be a two. Oh, so that gives it an eight.
Okay. Is it still is it okay? So, this
is tied with Game Boy Advance now. Tied
with Game Boy Advance for the lowest
score. For the lowest score, right? And
then things just kept continued to go
downhill from there.
Nintendo Switch. Yay. Back on up swing.
We're so back. We're so back. Um, launch
games, Zelda Breath of the Wild, Snipper
Clips, and One, Two Switch. So, once
again, we're being very We're carried by
heavily carried, but Snipper Clips is a
great game. Snipper Clips is great. One,
two, Switch is not right. But it they
cancel each other out. I think this
should be a I think it's a five. It's a
five. Yeah. Let's not debate that
anymore. Yeah. Launch
hardware. I mean, out of the gate, the
Switch hardware was pretty pretty darn
on the nose close to perfect. We got we
got the OLED later, but I nobody was
like, "Oh gosh, I have to upgrade. I I
need this. I need this change right
now." And there's so many people that
say they have just been hanging out with
their original Switch for like the
entire generation, which is like amazing
to think about. Like, I'm writing five.
We don't even need a debate. And then
wow factor. I was wild. Pretty high wow
factor.
Home console you can take on the go. Pre
pre- Steam Deck changed my life. There
was not really anything like this out
there. Yeah. It just gave you like this
like new habits. New ways to play. Yeah.
Anytime, anywhere with anyone. You you
really had you I really built like a new
life habit around the Switch. Yeah. All
right. Five. Five. Wow. Tied with Lee
for the the We have a tie at the top.
Oh, we're So, we're going to need a You
better start thinking about that
tiebreaker. Christa gets to choose.
That's the time. Okay. So, switch two.
So, this this is this is hypothetical.
The Switch the the launch has not
happened, right? But we we know enough
information. We can we can attempt we
can hazard a guess. So, for games, I
have chosen Mario Kart World, the Zelda
Breath of the Wild, and Tears of the
Kingdom Switch 2 editions. Sorry, I'm
combining two games into one. Hopefully,
that's not cheating. And I also chose
Delta Rune 1 through four. We were
thinking about which they're I could I
could not put Welcome Tour into this
list. That would again negative points,
right? Um I think this is good because
Delt is one of the new It's a new game.
Yeah. Not like a a third party game
that's been on other consoles coming to
I wouldn't feel good putting that on the
list either.
So obviously Mario Kart is what most
people are here for. There's a bundle
obviously, but it it is a big launch
lineup and it's pretty it's pretty cool.
These these enhanced versions are a very
intriguing idea. They're being handled
in a number of different ways.
Um I'm thinking four. Four. I'm thinking
four as well. Yeah, four too. Now the
packed and welcome tour. Now that would
be a five. Just
kidding. Just kidding. But four. I think
four is the right score for uh launch
hardware. I don't I don't really see
anywhere I can ding the hardware. The
hardware looks amazing. The hardware
seems like a five to me. Yeah. And it it
it's exactly what we wanted, which is a
a bigger, better switch. It seems to be
and it seems to be very capable from a
technical standpoint and it's like slick
and beautiful and the magnets work. We
have magnets now. Yeah. It becomes a
mouse. Like all the things it seems
great. I I don't have any criticism of
the hardware. It's a five. And then the
wow factor, it just it just can't be a
five when the Switch got a five. That's
right. It has to be a four because I'm
not really as wow because it's just a
bigger better switch. I mean, again,
everybody who's who's touched it and
played it very impressed. Yeah. But I
think it just it just has to be slightly
lower. Exactly. So, it's a four. Yeah,
that's a great score. So, that is
presumably getting a 13. Oh, 13. 13. 13.
13. 13. So, let's go through after going
through all of them, let's go through
our rankings. Are we going bottoms up or
top down? Uh, I'll go bottoms up as best
I can. Okay. With an eight, we have the
Game Boy Advance and the Wii U. Uhhuh.
With a 10, we have the GameCube and the
DS. With an 11, we have the Game Boy,
Nintendo
64, 3DS. Mhm. Did anything get a 12? I
don't think anything got a 12. Nope. 13.
Super
NES
and the Switch 2. I didn't get a four.
Oh, NES got a 14 and then 15 at the top.
Tied which a tie which Christa will soon
break. We have the Wii and the Nintendo
Switch. So, please Krista, tell us what
is the greatest Nintendo launch ever. Oh
gosh, I don't want this job anymore.
I think it's the Wii.
Hard to argue. Personally think it's the
worst. Hard to argue. You guys can tell
me what you think. Global. What do you
think? Global phenomenon. Yeah. It
really It truly like brought Nintendo
like back from the dead kind of. And
yeah, even even when the Switch was
coming out and doing as well as it was,
it never felt the same way that the Wii
did of everybody was talking about it.
Everybody was curious. It like broke
through to like the most mass audience
you could possibly think of. Yes. Yes,
it did like fall off a cliff at the end,
but like there was there were these
moments that people still talk about
like, "Oh my gosh, remember the Wii?"
Like we, you know, we were doing these
things or this happened or like this
like this is like become like a cultural
phenomenon and something that you'll
remember as part of like history. Yes.
For put it in the Smithsonian. That's
what I'm saying. Put a we in the
Smithsonian. Well, yeah. Yeah. What do
you think? Do you do you agree? I do. I
do agree. Um, no, no disrespect to
Nintendo Switch and the incredible
things that that system accomplished,
but yeah, it it just felt different and
it just felt big in a way that like the
only other thing that I can I can attach
it to is like the first months of
Pokémon Go where just everybody in the
street is just truly a phenomenon.
everybody, not just people who grew up
with games, love games, want to play
games, everybody was doing and and uh
code name for the Wii was revolution and
truly it was that it it fulfilled his
prophecy, I think as that. We asked our
Patreon subscribers what they think.
Gart agrees with us. I've had a positive
experience with a lot of Nintendo
consoles at launch, but the Wii was
something else. I've never seen a new
game console I got for Christmas
completely take over my family's
attention on Christmas Day. Everyone was
either laughing trying to recreate each
other as Miis. Oh, we didn't talk about
Miis. Or totally enthralled by Wii
Sports. Even though other consoles had
launch games I preferred, the Wii really
gave that strongest feeling of pure
gaming magic out of the box. Well said,
Gar. Kevin Moreno says, "I would
probably say the Game Boy launch with
Tetris, mostly because it's one of the
few bundles that manages to get both
kids and adults into gaming that led to
the rise of portable gaming." Yeah.
Another history. Did we talk Did we talk
about Tetris being packed in? Did we
talk about that? Yes, we did. Good.
Another another history making moment
with Tetris and Game Boy. Yeah. And then
Kayak says, "3DS. I remember taking my
regular DS and trading it in at Rhino
video games for the shiny blue one. The
glasses free 3D and games that involved
using the camera, which were included
for free, were mesmerizing. Even today,
it is wildly impressive. I don't think
any other launch has been that
impressive from the word go." The wow
factor. The wow the wow factor of the
3DS is pretty pretty cool. Shout out to
Rhino video games. That's right. That
glasses free free 3D man. I just I just
want to see is is that at some CES like
is there some trade show where I can
just see like but what is the state of
the tech now? No one has updated the
tech. I'm sure somebody has I'm sure in
some laboratory like Panasonic is like
are they though like something that
people are somebody's got it wanting. So
they're they're trying to What do you
know? I don't know anything. My mind is
open. Again, I don't I I don't need that
implementation reality anymore perhaps
as the as the evolution of glasses free
3D maybe
uh XR. Is that what you want? I don't
know. I don't know. Just saying. Just
saying. Let's move on to the games we're
playing. And as we said, Clare Obscure
Expedition 33 is going to be our
spoilercast game for this coming month.
We're excited about that. We have some
news about this game and how big of a
hit it has become in the news. Yeah. But
we can talk about our experience of
playing the game right here. Oh man, I
did not expect this to happen. Yeah. So
where uh this we saw this game for the
first time where we saw it at the Xbox
of showcase in June of last year. Last
summer. The one we went to. The one that
we went to in person. Okay. I kind of
remember that. I remember seeing that
game and thinking to myself, "Oh, that's
an interesting premise." And then our
good friend Ben Star is one of the
wonderful voice actors, which is I think
one of the most like amazing things
about this game is the voice acting. Um,
but he is um, one of the voice actors in
the game. So, of course, I was like,
"Oh, I'm gonna pay attention to this.
This is very, you know, I want to
support Ben obviously because he's the
best." And
then the game, you know, the reviews
came out and it was like it's I think
right now it is the highest reviewed
game of 2025. Very high. Yeah. Um, so
far it's 2026, isn't it? It's not 2026.
2025. What did you just say? It is the
highest reviewed game of the year that
we're in of this year, which is 2025.
Sorry, I'm getting really confused. Um,
yeah, I remember seeing it at that Xbox
event and I remember like the visuals
were very stunning. Yeah. But there's
always like they put so many games in
those showcases and there's always like
some that's like, oh, is this like am I
ever going to hear about this game
again? Like because I we obviously
didn't know this developer yet. it
didn't have like any big publisher
associated with it. So, I'm like, I
don't really know. I don't really know
the backtory of this game. I'm curious.
It's like, well, maybe maybe we'll see
this again. Maybe maybe we won't. I kind
of filed it away under that. Yeah, we
did see it again um before the game came
out at the GDC event, but we were a
little disappointed because they had two
like stations for this game tucked away
in the very back in the very back and it
was just like jammed with people. So, I
was like looking over someone's
shoulder, but I we never got on it. We
never but maybe that's for the best. I
you know what I preserve your experience
for the best. And then so then I was
like which game are we we we finished
Split Fiction together and we were like
let's move on to the next thing. I I was
thinking like do I go back to Assassin's
Creed Shadows? You were like I don't
know what I'm going to play next and
then you start Oh, I was ready to play
the Oblivion remake. I downloaded both
games. I downloaded it and then I think
like that took me into the night and
then the next day I was like all right
tonight I'm starting this. But that's
when the reviews hit and I was like, I
think I need to play this cuz this game
is on Game Pass, too. Yeah, we're we're
both playing on Game Pass, by the way.
We're playing both on Series S and it
runs fantastic on Game Pass, we should
say. Yeah. Um, so then you played it
first and then you were like, you have
to play this game. Like, you need to
play it right now. And I was like, oh,
okay. So then I was very motivated to to
um to play it. And uh no spoilers cuz
this game has a really, you know,
intriguing story that Check the spoiler
cast. Yes, you all should definitely
experience for yourself and then listen
to the spoiler cast we'll do at the end
of um May. But I was I was hooked like
within the first 30 minutes, right? I
did not expect that at all. Like this
rarely happens to me. Well, why don't
you just what what is the general like
concept? Yeah, of the story of the game.
You can share that at least.
Spoilerfree. um general concept sort of
the the the the premise the premise of
the story is that um there's this
mysterious thing that's happening where
um people are just like poofing away at
a younger and younger age, right? So
there's this mysterious figure out at
the distance who has like a chalkboard.
They write a number on it and at the end
of that year, if you were that age, you
get Thanos snapped into dust into
beautiful artistic rose petals in a very
emotional way. Um, and so the the the
name of the game, Expedition 33, is all
the people that are going to be turning
33. Um, and and that is their year to
get snapped. They call it um gamage,
which is Does that mean something as as
our resident French? It might be a
French word, but I don't actually know
the exact translation. I'm going to try.
Well, he needed to brush up for the
spoiler cast. And you have clear obscure
meant at least. Well, please explain for
the good people. What does that mean?
Cuz I had to look it up and and I was
told that that the definition was
another uh foreign language word that I
also did not know. So, thanks a lot.
It's actually like a um referred mostly
to um art, but it is the the play
between light and dark. And usually it's
used to describe like artwork. Yeah. Um
and the other word you're you're talking
about is an Italian word called kur
curis obscuro, I think. And it's also
like the idea of like light versus dark,
right? Um, so anyway, so yes, these
people are trying to figure out, you
know, they're trying to stop becoming
poofed at at the age of 33. And yeah,
the very beginning of the game, they
they sort of present the story to you in
a very like
beautiful emotional way where I was
really surprised. Like usually, you
know, it takes it takes anything like a
game, a movie, a TV show or what, like
any entertainment thing, you know, you
need to get to know the characters a bit
more to have any sort of emot emotional
response to them. At least I do. But
this game, like these characters are
strangers to me. I was just learning
about the story. 30 minutes into this, I
was like
weeping. I was a completely broken
person. I was like, what is happening
right now? Um, but it was so like the
way that they did it was amazing. Like I
was really
really just like blown away by it. Yeah.
I think it's like one part like the
whole like backtory of the world.
They're they're able to very like
compactly explain to you like what's
going on here? What is the situation
here? But then you have these great
characters with these incredible
performances. Yes. by the voice actors
as well. Amazing voice acting. I don't
know how they got this cast. Well, first
of all, the main character we're we are
playing. You can play the game in
French, which I Have you looked at Have
you tried that at all? I have tried it a
little bit. I really like it. It's cool.
Um, it sounds so beautiful. But I I also
do really like the main character.
Gustaf is the main character. And his
his voice acting is um is um Charlie
Cox. Charlie Cox. Thank you. Who's
Daredevil is And we just watched
Daredevil Born Again, so we were like in
our Daredevil state of mind. And I love
his voice. Did you think he was
American? No, I didn't. I didn't think
so. He's Irish. Yes, I told you that and
you were like, "Oh, what? I didn't I
didn't I
didn't. But his accent is in the game
sounds not sound." He does not sound
like Daredevil. Sound like Daredevil. He
doesn't sound Irish either. Um, but he's
he has a nice sounding voice. Like it
matches the character really well.
Great. Yeah. And the voice acting for
all the characters, not just because
Charlie Cox is like a huge star. Um,
is incredible. Like it's truly like the
acting part of voice acting is like done
in a way I've never seen in a game. Like
I've never experienced voice acting in
this way because I was like I'm like
watching a movie right now. I can't I'm
like putting the controller down. This
is I'm like picking up the tissues cuz
I'm about to cry cuz this is so good.
And also the writing in the game is so
well. So like coupled together like the
way that they're telling you the story
is incredible.
Um, the gameplay too is really unique.
You and I are still kind of struggling
to like make sense of the complex
systems. So, it's a turnbased role
playing game as they've said, very
inspired by Japanese role playing games.
Y and yeah, every character has a very
different style of playing, right? And
there's a lot of like very deep systems
for each. And then even outside of
battle, there's more very deep systems
about like equipping them with little
buffs and like, oh, once this person
learns this buff, you can share it with
other people and you can layer them
however you want. But we just we both
just reached a point in the game where
you get a new character who who so seems
to be the most complex one yet. They
gave you a little tutorial like I don't
understand a word. I read it so many
times. I was like, huh? I'll be watching
some YouTube videos to try and figure
that out. I like that character a lot
and that character is actually the most
powerful one in my party right now. So,
I did I did add her into my party. Um,
it's more but I'm I'm trying it's it's
more than just like attack, defend,
magic. It's so much deeper. Like there's
so much strategy in every battle. I love
it. I But there are but there are these
real time elements. So like I see a lot
of people comparing it like oh it's like
Final Fantasy. It's like it's actually a
lot like Mario and Luigi like or you
know like a Paper Mario game. There's um
like the timing in terms of the timing
stuff in battle. So there's a dodge,
there's a parry, there's a jump. Yeah.
So you Yeah. So there's three different
ways that you can dodge attacks. And
then during any attack that you're
doing, there's always some button
prompts with with a timing thing where
you can you can flub it. Oh, I flub it a
lot. Or you can do it and get, you know,
a bonus that way. And and even with the
um attacks, like you you you know, you
pick from a very deep menu of different
things you can do. You can do like a
normal attack, you can do a skill, you
can, you know, like a like a normal
turn-based turn-based game. And then
when you pick that whatever attack you
have, even that has sort of a quick
timey kind of thing to you, you can
press it and get like a perfect
basically, right? And you're also
managing a little bit like Mario and
Luigi. You're also managing kind of your
like action points. So, it's got kind of
like a bravely default. It's hard to
list all of the influences, but they
they kind of mashed it together in a way
that works really perfectly, right? you
I feel like you could just list off so
many games like well it's got a little
bit of this a little bit of that little
bit persona right like but they've
somehow like created something that's
very unique um through through the whole
thing and it's like I I'm excited to you
know sometimes with these turn-based
games I find myself after a while like
just running past enemies you know
there's not that many enemies in this
game like they kind of make each
encounter count and and you're excited
about each encounter you truly I truly
am like sometimes I'm like oh I'm so
it's so tedious I have to fight another
thing, it's going to be the same battle
sequence again. I have yet to fight an
enemy or do a battle sequence that was
the same, right? So, it's obviously not
random battles. You can see the enemies
out there. You can do a first strike.
You can do a first strike, but there's
like we've all had that experience in
the RPG where it's like battle battle
battle battle battle. It's like it's
never like that. It's like there there's
a couple bigger battles on the way to
some really huge boss fight or like a
story that keeps your excitement high
but still feels like you have enough to
hone your skills and figure out what
you're doing. Yes. Yes. Like every
single I'm I'm never trying to like skip
a battle or right or whatever. Um the
other thing that I really have
experienced recently in this game that I
I really appreciate is humor. Like a lot
of the times when you think about a game
like this and when you have cried in the
first 30 minutes of a game, you're like,
"Oh god, is it like Last of Us? Am I
gonna be in for this like devastating
experience for 50 hours? Like I don't
know if my emotionally can like handle
this." But I just played a a great
stretch where it was super funny, right?
Like there was some really like laugh
out loud hum like funny moments injected
into it. I was meeting some new
characters that were just like weird and
awesome. Um, even like in in a in a bit
of a scary world. Like some of these
characters were pretty cute. Like you
and I were like that those Were you
scared by that scene I was telling you
that you should be on the lookout for? I
was so glad you told me cuz I was like I
don't like this. But then later on this
is okay. It was okay. I was okay. I was
okay. Um but yeah. Yeah. there. It was
it was great a great sort of like
refreshing thing because I had been you
know you you're really dealing with like
oh my this is a heavy kind of topic.
Yeah. There is like a real like
undercurrent of tragedy to like the
whole and even then like you can list
through all those there's like well you
remember Xenolade had a similar idea of
like oh at this age like um Hunger Games
of people like getting picked to go on
this suicide mission kind of um and
there's a lot of a lot of movies that
have like experienced that as well but
that's what that's that makes it a real
very thing like if you're in the sense
of a tragedy like humor can sometimes
sneak out like that's how people can
deal with it. So and this is like a
realistic it's a very real thing. Yeah,
it's a realistic way to look at the the
the full human experience of these
characters. Like they're they're like
living this like incredibly difficult,
you know, tragic life, but obviously in
those moments, you're still going to
have like some injection of like humor
and you're going to find some small joy
like with the people around you or
whatever. So, I really I really love
that and I was like very glad to get a
little bit of a reprieve from some of
the the heavier things that we were I
was already seeing. Um the storytelling
is done in a very interesting way. You
do get, you know, the cut scenes and
everything, but they also show you these
dreams that are very intriguing. Yes.
One of the character has recurring
nightmares. Nightmares. Yeah. And that
that's sort of giving you a clue into
like what could be going on. We don't
have a clue yet. We don't. But we're
hooked. I'm like, so what we're how many
hours? I think I meant like nine hours.
I might be a little ahead of you now cuz
I was totally sucked in. I might be at
12, maybe. Yeah. Yeah. But it does have
that Balders's Gate thing where like you
end up at the campfire and you can like
talk to everybody, write in your
journal. Yeah. You can have like a bit
of downtime before you go out again. The
other thing I really love about this is
how just like unabashedly French it is.
That's like the best compliment. That's
always great where it's like, oh, you
know, oh, this this game that's made in
Japan, like, oh, you can see the
Japaneseeness of it or like contrast
that with something like The Witcher.
It's like, oh, I can tell this is like
an Eastern European game, right? Alan
like that culture of it is there like
this is like this game is so French and
I love that about it. There's like this
like romance and passion and oh I just I
love it so much. It's so like just just
even the fact that like the people that
poof away turn into these beautiful rose
petals and you get this like stirring
score and this moment that the the
camera work and the cinematography
you're like I'm like watching like film
noir right now. This is incredible.
Yeah. just like the decor of like the
city that they live in feels extremely
French. Like just like the lifestyle
that they're living like a lot of French
you can get a costume with a baguette. I
haven't gotten any
costume. There's a lot of like um you
know iconic French like landmarks like
one of the the first things you see is
like a broken arct. So, I wasn't sure
like is this taking place in the real
world or in some like other dimen It
kind of looked like Paris, but I don't
know. But they call it Lumiere. I don't
know. I found in in in um one of the
levels I found some brokenoff thing and
it had a sign towards the Eiffel Tower.
So, it must there is there's like a
melty Eiffel Tower that I something real
about I guess we'll find out. We'll find
out. We'll find out. It's so good. It's
so good. It really like early. It's
early, but I'm like this is game of the
year. I can feel it in my bones. So, we
said this is uh running great for us on
the Series S. Looks looks amazing. It's
on Game Pass. So, if you have it, you
cannot skip this game. Please go play
immediately. There's there's one level
uh where you're underwater that is very
breathtaking visually. I was shocked. I
think I played the entire level like
this cuz I was just like this is
so be like so beautiful. And I like I
don't know how they did it. Like there's
something like you're underwater but
you're like moving normally. It's not
like you're like slow. Yeah. It's not
like you're swimming around. No, you're
not swing. You're the characters don't
even acknowledge like over underwater.
You just are. You're just you just are.
You just are. Yeah. And but the set the
set piece of it being underwater like
that and you look around. It reminds me
of you know we live near the Monterey
Bay Aquarium. They have those kelp
forests. Right. Right. Right. When I was
in there, I was like, "This, oh my god,
this is so amazing." In so using uh
Unreal Engine, I think, and Unreal games
like in the Xbox 360 area had a look
where it was a little plasticky. Oh,
yeah. But it was very visually
impressive, but it was very plasticky
and everything looked brown. And this
feels like a real evolution of that
where it's like there is like a sense of
realism to the characters where like you
would see the plastickiness has evolved
onto that. And it's like, oh, this is
also what those games would look like if
you added color because there's so much
great color usage in the game. So, it is
it is a very distinct looking game, but
still gives me throwbacks to some of
those older games. Definitely does. And
I do like and this is kind of gross, but
I feel like they did a good job with the
characters after they go on the
expedition because they're like dirty.
Well, you get like real time battle
damage where like if you're down, if
you're about to die, like your character
is like bleeding profusely like covered
in covered in like their hairless
They need to take a bath. Smell bad.
Yeah. Even if you're underwater, you're
still disgusting. Um but uh but yeah,
they they do a good job of like making
it feel very like, you know, when you
look at their faces, it's like it's like
smudged with dirt, you know, all that
stuff. So they have those details that
you can see really clearly. Um so as uh
happens with the popular game, the
discourse is underway. Is it really? Oh
yes, it sure is. Why don't you want to
hear this? There's been some finger
wagging of like, "Oh, Final Fantasy.
Look, you said that people didn't want a
big turn-based game. Look at this. Let's
shove this in your nose. What do you
think of that?" Oh, like this is what
this is what Final Fantasy 16 should
have been kind of thing, right? That
kind of thing. Or like, "Oh, you you all
thought turn-based games were dead. Look
at this." Meanwhile, there's a lot of
turn-based games. So, I don't I don't
really I don't really see I don't really
see the merit of that in a world where
metaphor reist.
Yeah. I mean, Metaphor came out was like
nominated for Game of Thrones. I think
that's kind of a silly guys. Yeah, it
is. I have seen this game get
categorized as an indie game and 30
person team. I don't really It's like
small team. Yeah, I don't I don't know
what to make of that cuz Yeah, it is it
is a smaller team, but it's a team that
we don't I've heard that it's like a lot
of ex Ubisoft people, right? Um I just
want like where did this game? No, I
want to learn more about how did you
make everything about this? You know the
other thing about this game is we are
playing on Game Pass, but on Steam the
game is on sale right now for $45.
Yeah, the the standard price is $50. I
So again, cuz if you're how how did you
make a game for $50? So they do have a
publisher. It's not a big publisher, but
like who's paying for all these huge
voice actors? Um that's what I'm asking.
Making a game that looks like, you know,
AAA visual quality. Like I I don't know.
There's a lot about this game that
doesn't make sense. Yeah. Writing,
scripting, like all this stuff like the
I mean, it doesn't cost a lot of money
to to sit at a computer and bang out a
story. I mean, but just putting it all
together into like a AAA experience like
this and you get Charlie Cox as your
like number one voice. Have like Andy
Circus who's been in like Star Wars
movies and Lord of the Rings and like
all that stuff. And Ben Ben Star Ben
Star ain't coming cheap. Believe us. Ben
Star needs his stuff. It's very fancy.
Have you seen that man's wardrobe? My
god. That stuff's not cheap. Gorgeous
stuff. Um, yeah. I I have no idea how
they made this game. I have no idea what
happened. I'm so glad it exists. And I
cannot believe this game is like 45
bucks. Like, I can't believe it. How how
how possible. Well, I can't say enough.
Look forward to more updates on this,
but not too many because we're going to
save uh the real juicy stuff for our
sport. I just want to go back and and
play this for like 20 hours straight.
You've also been keeping up with the
blueprints or or have you dropped off
because of this? No, I play the
blueprints every day. Okay. Just a
little bit every day. This is my new How
quickly could you do a session of
blueprints? Like 25 30 minutes. Oh,
okay. This is my new um like unwind
after work game. Yeah. Like I always
play I try to play like do something
before I make dinner. um like after you
like wrap up the day like you kind of
need your brain like switch to like now
I'm like not doing work anymore. So I've
been playing blueprints um as a way to
do that which has been really nice. I
love this game because you know every
single time I feel like this is the end
for me. I'm stuck. I can't there's no
way I can do I don't know what to You
have a breakthrough. I have a
breakthrough. Oh, good. It's amazing.
Like I just um last night when I was
doing my little blueprint sesh, I had
another breakthrough. And there there
it's really interesting because you know
this is like kind of rogue like we were
saying where like the the
blueprint resets each day. I think I'm
on day like I must be on like day like
38 at this point or is there a limit to
how many days you have? In the trailer
it was like hundreds of days. So I'm
thinking good that I'm seeing that as a
good thing. They shouldn't do that to
you. That'd be mean. Like what if you
Sometimes and you have to do this within
30 days. Too dumb to do it in 30 days.
That's mean. Um but there are some
permanent things that you can like
unlock. Yeah. That stay with you right
into the next day. So I've been I've
been discovering those which I thought
was really interesting. Like I I did
discover one room that's now a permanent
fixture. I
discovered something where I like
unlocked this part of the game and now
it's permanently unlocked for me for
every run that I do afterward
afterwards. Um, so I I'm I'm starting to
get the hang of it, too. And I'm
starting to get better at strategizing
like where to map certain rooms because
before I was like here, but now I'm
like, okay, I need to put, you know,
like the breaker room in this corner.
like I'm gonna try really hard to like
finagle it so I can hopefully get that
to pop up and then like put it where I
need to put it. That really gives me
like an edge and then like you kind of
figure out like okay this one this run
the items I got are these set so I need
to focus on mapping these rooms. Um so
I've been getting really a lot better at
that and I've definitely discovered some
new things. I definitely discovered some
like passwords and oh and things like
that for the computer which was really
interesting. I figured out like how to
calculate the date and time which is
apparently very important. I like
figured that out and I was like I
understand this now. So I don't know.
I'm going to keep going. I have not like
I still haven't like gotten there but at
least I feel like I'm making progress.
Okay. I didn't I did download this, but
no, I I've had to dedicate all my Also,
again, I didn't get a chance to play the
Oblivion remake at all. I'm too I'm too
before the next podcast. Before the next
podcast, I will play that and have some
impressions. Oh my gosh, I was so
excited to play that. And then this
other game just completely just swept
in. I couldn't believe how how it stole
it stole my heart like so fast. I don't
think any any game has done that in a
long time. I can't remember the last
game that did this. Infinity Nikki.
There's some new update. Did you you
check this? We're supposed to be playing
co-op Infinity Nikki together. We need
Well, what's stopping us or you? Well,
it hasn't launched just yet, but let's
do that. Yeah, I saw there was some
something new along the way. I was
waiting for you so we can like hang out
together in Infinity Nikki. All right,
that'll be fun. Good. News
time. Last week when the Switch hardware
went up for pre-orders, games also did.
And the truth came out. the game key
card. Which games are 100% on the game
card or which are these pesky game key
cards? Yes, you did a little short video
about this. I I feel like I'm still a
little fuzzy on the details. Okay, so I
will try and give you a very simple
explanation, which is it's you still are
buying a physical game that has a a
cartridge. It's this is not a code a
piece. This is not a piece of paper.
Yeah, better than that. but it has a
very minimal amount of data on it and it
allows you to download the rest of the
game online. You do still need to have
the cartridge in to play it. Mhm.
Different than these v than these uh
pure download games. I could give you my
game key card and you could just put
that in and play that versus we can
share versus the the virtual game sh
like that game sharing thing. I'm still
we haven't tried that hasn't that hasn't
come out yet. So, we don't know what the
details are in the fine print. But I can
just give you a game. You can play
physical game key. You would still need
to download it on your system, right?
But you can actually just here you go,
take this and play it versus this is
like locked to your system basically.
Okay. And of course, you know, people
who want to buy physical like that's
what they like about it is like I have
it on here, you know, for in the future.
Everybody's thinking of the
future. When those servers go offline
after the nuclear winter, I'm still
going to be here playing my my Donkey
Kong Bonanza in my bunker, eating my
80th day straight of canned chili, room
temperature.
That's what's important. I'll have that
to to get me through it. And I mean, I I
like buying physical where I can as
well. Uh but it was surprising the
number of games that are going the game
key route. So, and the reason for this
is that those cartridges are very
expensive now, right? So, as the games
get bigger, we're on a more capable
system. The the file size gets larger
and you need the medium to be able to
support that. So, storage. So, I do
understand like the each of these
companies has some economics for
themselves that they they need to figure
out. It's like what works for us to put
this game on the system. I'm glad it's
on the system. I mean, maybe there's
some scenario where it's like this is
our only way to getting it on the system
or or it's going to be digital only or
or who knows? We might we might rethink
it. But yeah, uh again to our discussion
of the Nintendo 64, those big storage
things, those are expensive. Um so it's
like well well do you want to get this
game at at $80 potentially? I don't know
if there's any games that are that big
at that at that price, but do we know
the price points for these game key
games? Well, let's go let's go through
it. So almost everything from Sega uh
Yakuza Puyo Pio Tetris 2S Sonic and
Shadow Generations. We've also got
Bravely Default is a game key card.
Street Fighter Street Fighter. Yeah.
Hitman. Hitman. Where is Kitsugami on
this list?
Oh, not on the list. Not included on the
list. Digital only. And then games that
are fully on the cartridge. All the
first party stuff so far. um Damon X
Machina, Rune Factory, and Cyber
Cyberpunk is coming out as the big
winner. And they're actually touting
this. Like they were smart to tout this
because they know like there's some
portion of the fan base that is like
really this is really important. Um
they're like, "Look, we put this huge
game and the DLC and it's on the
cartridge. How much is it? $60."
Uh 60 or 70. Okay. Yeah. So it wasn't
like they're charging a huge premium for
it or something. There's no other game
that's $80 right now. But I think that
was again that was a bit of a surprise
that that many games were taking that
the game key route. So do do you think
you have a handle on the idea? I get the
idea and I understand what these
companies are are struggling with, you
know. I I get that, you know, it's it's
really a bottom line margins kind of
thing. Um yeah, so I I understand that.
Um it's it's good that the Nintendo
games are are fully on the cart. I think
that's important for people that want to
get physical, especially for first party
games. Hopefully, they can continue to
do that. Yeah. I do wonder like is there
any point where the first party games
That's where I start to get a little bit
like, oh no, it's like okay the next the
next Zelda games like oh my gosh this
game this game is so big like and guess
what we didn't want to sell it to. We
heard you. You said drop the price. So
we did but it's on a game key card. Oh.
So what would people rather? Yeah. Tell
me. Would you rather? Here's a would you
rather? Can you put in the answer me in
the comments? Would you rather have the
next Zelda game be fully on a Switch 2
cartridge but cost $100 $100 or have it
be a game key cart that cost $80? Maybe
$70? Sure. Maybe 70 if we're going that
route. I mean, I don't think that's
going to happen at all, but I think it's
going to be $80. You never know. But um
Anyways, would you what would you
rather? What would you rather? I'm a I'm
a digital girl, so I can't I'm not
bothered by this, but I I get the people
that are bothered by it, though. It
doesn't It doesn't bother me that much.
It just It just is a very simple like
equation in my mind of like, well, I'll
just get the digital version of these
games because I don't know, this
actually sounds like maybe more of a
hassle versus I still need to have the
thing in and I'm shuffling carts in and
out versus at least with digital, you do
get the convenience of it's always
there. It's always available. I lose my
cartridges all the time. I think yeah, I
mean it seems like for me it's like it's
just going to be the first party stuff
that I'm going to be able to get
physical and that's a bummer but it is
it is what it is and there will be a
couple exceptions like the cyber punks
and I'm sure there will be others. Are
you going to get physical cyber punk?
You think? I mean I've play I don't know
if I need cyberpunk. So you're not going
to get it at all. You do you need
cyberpunk? I'm not getting physical
cyber punk. I'm not I don't think I need
to go out of my way because I've I've
played Yeah. that game. But for the
first party games you're getting
physical. Like Donkey Kong you're going
to get physical. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And you already have your physical. You
already pre-ordered your physical
version of Mario Kart. I did at the
GameStop. Yeah, cuz you got base. I said
I don't want the bundle, right? You got
the base system and a physical copy. I
paid I paid the $30 more to get your
physical. Put my money where my mouth
is. You voted with your wallet.
Physical. Yes. The wrong way. I sent the
wrong message. You sent the wrong
message. Whoops. Come on. What about the
peoples? Um, I did not do that. I I beg
of you dollars more. Good for you. Back
to Clare Obscure. Um so remember last
week we were saying, "Oh, it's great
that this Oblivion remake is coming out,
but oh it's kind of is it a bummer? Is
it going to is it going to like is it
bad that it's coming out two days before
Clear Obscure is going to hurt the sales
of that game?" Turns out both games are
doing great. Everything is doing great.
So, Clare Obscure sold a million copies
in a couple days after coming out. And
Oblivion is at 4 million players.
Obviously, it's it's a game pass heavy.
Yeah. So, they um are not
differentiating the units sold. But for
Clare Obscure, they did say that the
million does not include the Game Pass
players. So, that number is presumably
way bigger. Quite a bit. Yeah. Higher.
Quite a bit larger. Well,
congratulations to both incredible
games. I'm definitely going to be going
back to Oblivion. Um, I want to I
definitely want to play that game again.
So, I'm excited about that. I have both
ready to go on my
Xbox. Great to see that they're both on
Game Pass. Honestly, it's a great
stretch for Xbox. Um, they finally again
got a little bit of heat going at the
moment and they have Doom coming out in
a couple weeks and they're just going to
roll into their great big June showcase.
I'm sure want to see the most get some
games on the Switch 2 and Phil Spencer.
I saw that Indiana Jones um had really
good sales on the PS5 when it just came
out there. So happy for them. So they're
doing they're doing well right now.
Good. Uh Ghost of Yote. I don't Did you
see this? This this was a little this
felt a little under the radar. They
snuck out this new trailer and the
launch date which is October 2nd.
And is this just the big Is this the one
first party PlayStation game we get this
year? Maybe. Or do do you think there's
more? When did we learn about Astrobot
last year? Was that in kind of prejune?
It was before June. I think it was in
the
February. Didn't they do a PlayStation?
I think they did one in May. In Yes.
Late May. Yeah. Because it was playable
at Summer GameFest. That's right. Yeah.
So, I think that must have been. So, I
guess there's still some time some
chance that there might be something
else that we hear about uh before before
then. But for now, this is it. This is
it for now. And it's an October second.
October 2nd. What did you think of the
trailer? I think this game is beautiful.
It looks great. It definitely, you know,
we were big fans of
um of Ghost of Ssushima. Obviously,
played that game a lot and it definitely
has that same feeling.
Um I wonder I know what you're going to
say. Let Let's set this up here. All
right. Go for it. Uh here's here's what
they're saying. This is what the people
at Sucker Punch are saying about the
game. Uh the main theme is revenge. The
character has a major traumatic point in
her childhood and goes on a journey for
revenge. She's chasing down this group
called the Yoteay 6. Uh the people who
have been just tearing tearing the place
up across Japan. And uh it is a
nonlinear campaign and story. Does this
remind you of any games? So that's what
I was just going to say. So this is the
exact premise for Assassin's Creed
Shadows. Um because you basically do the
exact same thing as Ni who has gone
through you could literally just replace
this character's name. You can replace
you can
replace instead of saying the main
character Atsu, you can just say the
main character Naui has a big traumatic
traum has big trauma in her childhood
goes on a journey. Yeah. I mean it's
been funny to see people like leading up
to Assassin Core. It's like, oh, oh boy,
Ghost of Yote looks a lot similar.
People are just going to wait for that.
And now people are like, "Oh, no. Ghost
of Yote is doing the same thing as
Assassin's Creed. People might People
are going to the These games are so big
and like so cool. Like people are going
to buy them. They're going to play it.
It's going to be fine. Yeah, it's going
to be fine. But it is interesting how it
does. It is interesting that it is
basically the same story though. And and
it sound I mean even the other part of
it where you're hunting down this group
of warriors that have caused all this
dest that that is quite literally what
you're doing in Assassin's Creed
challenge. It really is. You're And it
is also non nonlinear. So yeah. Yeah.
But I'm excited to play I'm excited to
compare and contrast like what what um
game does it better. Oh, we should do
that. Um Yeah. Yeah. That would be a
great a really fun thing for us to do.
Something I'm excited about for this
game is it's in kind of a under I
wouldn't say underrepresent, but it's in
Hokkaido, which is a part of Japan that
these games usually aren't set in. And
I'm not sure actually what um
what was going on in Hokkaido in this
time period. Um because that's where
it's like super cold and I get I get the
sense that that kind of came up a little
bit later than a lot of the rest of
Japan. A little bit detached from like
the main like Tokyo, but so was but so
was Tsushima in in the first game. That
was also an unusual location location
and setting. So yeah, I I'm I'm very
excited for this game. I'll absolutely
be getting it. It is also interesting to
see some of these publisher, you know,
they've been saying like, "Oh, people
are terrified. They're shaking in their
boots because of Grand Theft Auto and
they want to know when it's going to
launch." So they've announced this uh I
saw Borderlands moved up, they moved up
their date, their date to earlier in
September. So that's also a 2K game. So
they would they would know. So yeah,
maybe it's like late October or beyond
or maybe just next year. Maybe it's
delayed. Maybe just next year, which
will be good for our fantasy jobs.
That's what we said. That's what we
said. I wouldn't be surprised at all
it's delayed. Um into Q1. Um but yeah.
Yeah. Uh just sucker punch. Please do
not do not kill off any horses in You
got to stop. People don't want to hear
you talk about that anymore. I don't
care what people want or don't want. I
want to be talking about this forever.
Moving on. Don't do it to the split
fiction movie. Wow. Yeah, this was a
great timing for us. This came out right
before we recorded our spoiler cast.
Gave us a little little quick thing to
talk about. But yeah, there was reports
that this was getting shopped around I
think it was in like around GDC time,
right? And now they've got some actual
names to attach to it. So, Sydney
Sweeney, Wow. is going to be starring in
the movie and it's going to be directed
by John Chu. Yes. Who did Wicked most
recently and also uh Crazy Rich Asians.
Thank you. Yes. Uh his parents also own
a local Chinese restaurant that I have
that I have been to and enjoy. So, I
thought, wow, wow. Local local local
hero. Local hero. He's a great director.
Yeah. And it's being written by the
people who also wrote Deadpool and
Wolverine, which makes a lot of sense
cuz that's like a duo going on
adventure. A fun buddy comedy. That's
exactly what this is as well. Yeah. Why
can't they get like cool people like
this for the Zelda movie? We don't know
anybody who's in the Zelda movie. I
mean, director. Why can't they get Why
can't Sydney Sweeney be Zelda? Is that
what you're saying? Oh, she'd be a good
You got You got a onetrack mind,
Christa. Uh John Shu would have been a
great director for No, I'm just kidding.
John probably wouldn't have been a great
director for the Zelda movie. You're not
feeling bad about the Zelda director
though. You're you're kind you're kind
of like okay Wes Spall I mean I haven't
seen any of his movies. Runner was okay.
People seemed all all right about it.
Aia Rod though is a who came out here to
talk about Zelda. We're not here to talk
about Zelda. I just think that it's
great that they're making this into a
movie split fiction because it is like
it's perfect. Are you excited to see
this movie? I'm totally going to watch
this movie. Are you? I'm pretty excited
for this too. I think this could be
cool. I'm very curious who they cast as
the other character. They haven't they
said they haven't said that she was
she's Zoe. That was funny because um
yeah I think there is a blonde character
in Split Fiction. Her name is Zoe. So we
just assume everybody assumes Sydney
Sweeny's going to be Sydney Sweeny's her
but they said no. They don't know. They
don't know. They haven't decided. We we
don't know who the other cast members
are. But obviously there's the two. Who
is Raider? That's what I need to know.
Who is Raider? Who would want to be
Raider? Who can play a soulless middle
manager?
Um,
that's kind of like funny too. Yeah.
Yeah. Uh, Steve Carell. Se Oh, that's
perfect, actually. Oh, that's perfect.
Can put him glasses. Give him two
badges. He can be pretty serious. He can
be serious and he can be funny. Oh,
that's a good choice, actually. There
you go. Oh, I like that. Okay. Oh, wow.
You're dead on with that. Okay. And then
we got We need Mo. If if Sydney Sweeney
really is Zoe, we need a Mio. Who is Mo?
Yeah, I don't know who Mio is. M. All
right. Got to think about that. Looking
good for this movie. I did also see um
not not to revisit Clare Obscure once
again, but I think they are also making
a movie of that. They absolutely should.
And I Charlie Cox just gonna it's just
going to roll in to to Gustaf. Well, I'm
just saying like they should probably
just let him do that role. Uh yeah, when
you have a very legit actor. Uh yeah.
Who I think could like I think he could
do it actually do that. Oh, he could
totally do it. Yeah. Yeah. I love him.
Who's going to play Sophie? very
charming. I his voice his voice is sexy.
I'm gonna say it right now. He has a
sexy voice. I'm glad to hear that. And
Gustav, I can hear him. I'm like, "Oh, I
I like this. This is nice. This I hear
you. I like listening to you." Like,
it's nice. Great.
No arguments there. I really like it.
Video game movies, they're on the up and
up. I'm enamored. Truly. Zelda, though.
Question marks. He's going to have like
like a teenager's like voice is
changing. Hi. That's the first time we
hear L. Keep it locked to Nintendo today
to hear Link talk and also guess which
silhouette is Wario. Let's move on to
questions from our community. We get
them always from our Patreon community.
Check us out at patreon.com/kit and
christrista. We're starting with a
question from everything is awful. Oh
no. As former Nintendo staff members,
how were console launches handled in
terms of availability to the staff who
wanted them? Were you guaranteed a
console of your own at or near launch or
did you have to wait in line like
everybody else? If there was a discount
for staff, how much was it? Thanks for
answering. We definitely could get one
at launch. So, we did not have to brave
the the broken websites. That's what I'm
saying. Like, everyone should point.
People at Nintendo should though brave
the broken websites and the the retailer
lines to just get that experience
because you don't know until you've done
it, right? That it's it's pretty awful.
Um, but yes, it was available. There was
the the store that you could buy from as
an employee. I don't think there was
ever
there was like one per person. You could
not you can't go in no to like the
Nintendo store and say like I need 20
Switches and I'm going to give it away
to my family or like resell it or
whatever. Like you can't do that. And
for anybody thinking you cannot resell
this stuff. Oh no, no, no. You cannot
you would get fired. Some somebody did
actually get fired for reselling. Do not
do that. So, don't do that. Um, we got a
30% discount. I think I think that's
right. Yeah. Yeah. And pretty good.
Pretty good. And um yeah, we we did not
like get any hardware for free. We we
bought it, you know, ourselves. I I was
very lucky. Again, I I was at the um I I
was at the launch event in New York for
Switch. So, I just bought my Switch at
the store with everybody else in New
York. So Oh, you did? That's how you do
yours? That's how I got mine. Yeah. Wow.
And that was true. Like when we went to
the Nintendo New York store, we could
show our our badge and get and get a
discount there too, which was nice.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I did like later on
you could um you know, buy like you can
buy games as gifts for people and things
like that, right? But you could not like
resell you can't like be a scalper, you
know, like resell it. No. No. Yeah. But
but you know, it was a it was a little
bit of a discount. That was nice. You
could definitely get one. and you don't
have to wait in the crazy lines. Um,
which was nice. So, yeah, that that's
probably how the majority of the staff
that wants one um will be will be
getting the system. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Antifreeze is next. With the Switch 2
pre-orders and the pre-release hype all
happening, I am thinking back to the
Switch's release and the hype it
generated with stuff like the Super Bowl
commercial. How much confidence was
there back then that the Switch could
would succeed? or was there instead fear
that it would fail? That commercial to
me felt pretty confident. I assume with
the failure of the Wii U, there must
have been a feeling of this has to work.
Yeah, that that definitely was the
feeling where it's like not only, you
know, it has to work, but it really was
like this is going to work. Like there
was a a high feeling of confidence, I
think, from everybody across the board
inside Nintendo at the time where it's
like, yeah, we really got something this
time. Like this feels right. Everything
about this feels right. It's easy to
understand. It looks cool. We got a big
awesome game launched day one. Like
everything about this is is all lined up
for success. And the the sort of the the
um directive from all of the big bosses
at Nintendo for launch for Nintendo
Switch was like, "Put all your put all
your great ideas, all your, you know,
big ideas into this launch. we we know
it's going to work. We want it to be a
hit. Let's do everything that we know is
going to make it like a big deal. And
and that was how the Super Bowl
commercial came to be. It was
like, please, we're open to all your big
ideas. Give it to us. We'll give you the
money for it. Like, we're we're really
like, "This is the time to if you had an
idea that was big that you've been
sitting on, this is the time to use it."
That was the feeling. Yeah. I think
that's what made this launch so unique
and makes this switch two launch a
little bit different is yeah everybody
knew like all right we we really have to
make this one work and everybody was
working together towards that goal and
everybody was really like digging deep
and it it was a powerful thing for
everybody to have this shared goal that
they were working towards together and
really pushing themselves. So, it was a
very special time versus, you know,
where they are now, you know, just kind
of human nature when you're at the top
of the mountain. It's like, oh, do we
really need to do that hard thing again
or like we're already here? Like, can
can we maybe do 10% less work and and
get mostly the same results? 10% less
money, right? are also like there was
the factor of like you know Wii U games
like got redirected and teams got
redirected and we kind of saw that
happening with the last couple years on
the Switch where the big teams got
redirected but it was still very much
like hey we still need to support the
Switch and um you know be having games
out for that and and keep people buying
that because it's something that people
have and that they like. Um so it was
not it was it was very different from
the Wii U where it was just like yeah
let's let's just get through this. let's
kind of do let's kind of pull the plug
on this. Let's do the kind of the
minimum on it and then just move turn
the page of our lives versus this. It's
like no, we're juggling a lot of things
and we're trying to make the next thing
big. Um but but we're kind of pulled in
in more directions than we were before.
Yeah. And I think for Nintendo too, like
they're they're entering into, you know,
what seems to be a very successful
launch period. if the pre-orders are an
indication and the the interest that
they've seen um for the my Nintendo
store is any indication like they're
they're definitely heading into a very
successful launch, but I think they
still have a pretty long journey ahead
of them to like truly move over the
entirety of the Switch One audience. So,
that's going to be a different feeling
kind of thing for them versus the Wii U
to the Switch generation. Um, so yeah, I
I I
think that's where you're seeing the
differences in the strategy and maybe
why you're not seeing the big Super Bowl
commercial for Switch 2, you're seeing
something a little bit different. Um,
it's because they, you know, they have
like a slightly different goal and and
that challenge of moving people over is
a different challenge than like let's
pull the plug on Wii U and like fully
dedicate our resources into Switch. So,
yeah, interesting to watch. Mr. Nathan
has the next question. This is the first
time I did a pre-order for a new piece
of hardware in a long time. I'm glad I
got what I got, and being able to see
how others in the Discord community were
fairing helped me a lot. But even though
it worked out for me, I found the whole
thing needlessly stressful. I found
myself envious of the lottery system in
Japan. Yes, they've announced that they
won't be meeting demand there, so a lot
of people will be missing out. But those
who do get the lottery have I assume a
pretty stress-free shopping experience.
So my question for the two of you is
could if you could choose would you
rather have the first come first serve
system we have here in the US or would
you prefer the lottery system in Japan?
On one hand it's less work and less
stressful but on the other hand you have
a lot less control over the outcome. If
you're good at pre-orders you can plan
to maximize your odds but in a lottery
you're at the mercy of the random odds.
What do you think? lottery or first come
first serve. Well, I would argue that we
had no control over our destiny in the
current system that we had because it
was sub random even. It was sub random.
Yeah. Because we were to the, you know,
left to the the crashing websites and
the potential, you know, wait in line
option, physical line option. So, yeah,
I I would absolutely choose the lottery
system over what we had to deal with
here if it's not going to work, right?
if it's not going to work. It It wasn't
first come first serve at all because it
was
how lucky really I guess how lucky you
were where you caught the website where
it wasn't crashing that way to get in
the capacity for one one person to get
in second of of a view randomly clicking
the button add it to your cart and then
not crash when you were checking out.
Yeah. Get in the line and then not crash
when you were in the line. Um so yeah,
it was it was sub sub random. Um I I
think the best solution that is not
lottery or first come first serve is is
like that that system you were talking
about which is like a virtual line.
Virtual line that works right. Yeah.
Like I think Walmart's I I would say out
of again out of all the bad bad
experiences Walmart's virtual line was
probably the one that worked the best.
like you were able to get in some kind
of line and there was a clock that told
you 10 minutes until it was your turn or
whatever. Yours had a clock. Mine had a
clock. Mine had no clock. Well, I did
not see a clock anymore. Some people got
a clock. I like a clock. That was That
would have been nice to have actually.
So, so that that is the I was wondering
is this frozen? Should I refresh? So,
that is the experience. if we could all
get into an orderly virtual line. They
had a clock that said 10 minutes until
you can right shop
or some indication of like you are in a
line, you're going to be able to shop
whatever, right? Um that would be really
really nice too to be able to have that
kind of system. But in lie of that, who
knows? who maybe this my Nintendo thing
is going to be like the greatest system
we've ever seen because presumably
presumably that is first come first
serve where it's like okay if you're in
this first let's say 5,000 people we
will notify you that you're ready to
order you know versus like I'm doing it
all in the moment the thing is crashing
it's like it it is kind of um detached
from the act of buying because I'm doing
something a month before to be told
later. But there is some act that I'm
taking that is putting me in some sort
of ordered line. Grouping. Yeah. Ordered
grouping versus like everything needs to
happen right now or else that's it. And
we're not prepared to handle it in any
way. Yeah. We'll see. So it feels like
it's alluding up in your face. We'll
judge the Nintendo experience once we
get to May. And that's why and that's
why the GameStop experience was so
positive for so many people because it's
like, all right, I'm I'm regaining the
control. Yeah. I'm seeing if I want if I
want to get in that line at 8:00 p.m.
the night before, I'm going to do it. I
can and I will and I will be certain
that I will get that thing. Yeah. Versus
I've been I've been waiting to refresh
this all night. I I did everything that
I in the guides. We made a guard
ourselves and and and then it still
didn't it still I felt as informed as I
could be and it still didn't work. Yeah.
Yeah. I I'm very curious about the my
Nintendo experience. Um truly if they
are working towards a future where that
is the only way to get a Nintendo
product, that would be really
interesting to see what happens because
then they they truly would gain the
control, right, of of really managing
this experience for people and they
would have a way to do it where people
were not having a bad experience. So
maybe that is the future. Um, but yeah,
we will see come May 8th uh how that
experience feels. Yes. Next, we have a
question from Neuvo Vindy. Given how
most third party games are going to be
downloads and the Mario Kart bundle is
also a download, is the eShop ready for
that much traffic on launch day. I
remember in the past it going down with
big releases and have this feeling of
dread it will happen again on June 5th.
In that case, will getting the physical
version of Mario Kart be a better option
if the console doesn't require a system
update on launch day? You asked me this
yesterday, too. I did ask you this
yesterday. So, I didn't realize again
because I I was not focused on getting
that system. The bundle does not have
the game pre-installed. I don't know.
So, you still need to take that step to
go to the shop and download it. I don't
know. Huh. I got the bundle, but I don't
know. Yes, I'm aware of that. I don't
know. There's fine print that we should
be reading on that. There probably is.
Um, it'd be great if it was pre-loaded.
I think the eShop is going to be
okay. There was a stretch of there was a
series of years where it just went down.
Every every Christmas day I got the
email of like, oh no, the eShop crashed.
Who could have foreseen this? And then
you had to work on Christmas day. But
then they but then they worked it out
and that was I mean that's like truly a
high volume day where it's like okay
it's a new system like there's only so
many of these out there versus 100
million people on Christmas day all
hammering this thing and it's also like
it is a little bit spaced out like
region to region whereas like oh it'll
be out you know in Japan and there'll be
a couple hour they'll have a peak and
then there'll be a couple hours where
another region will come in and we've
seen we've seen those charts like oh
look at this spike here and then it goes
down and then oh this one just went
online and
I I think it'll be okay. Do you think
there's going to be some sort of day one
patch? Oh absolutely. I I promise you
there there always is. Yeah, that's the
case with the system software because
they can continue to work on it. Yeah. I
mean everything will have a day one
patch. I guess every game you get
literally literally they need it. Can
they just figure it out for the given
because they have to make this thing and
ship it out and but they're going to
keep working on it. Why can't you just
This is This is going to make it good
versus janky. You should be glad that
they're continuing to work on this.
Should just have it perfect before you
ship it out. Wow.
Just saying. Christa's point of view. Be
perfect. Yeah. Okay. It's called the
Asian point of view. Just like just like
your your spelling and math skills. It's
my mom, right? I'm giving you a spelling
be right now. Let's see how perfect you
get. No, we're moving on. Question from
Tuscoo. That comes first. From a
marketing perspective, when is it apt to
slap the word remaster on a title? In
recent years, we've seen this moniker
granted to titles such as Metroid Prime
Remastered and Oblivion Remastered.
These aren't mere remasters going above
and beyond with the full remake
treatment glow up. I can't help but feel
like this remaster labeling is a
disservice or underell to such titles.
Other remakes simply reuse the original
title Super Mario RPG or attach an HD to
the name or get cute with it like
reloaded, rehydrated, reignited. Does
marketing have any say in the game
titles for their respective region? How
would you personally have titled these
releases if not remastered?
Yeah, there is this difference of
definition. I think there is no
definition. Well, there there is no
definition, but there's a difference in
people's minds in terms of the word
remaster and remake. Do you have one?
What does it mean to you? Well,
remastered means that you just basically
like take the exact same game and make
it look nice. A remake is like Final
Fantasy 7 where you have like completely
changed the game and make it look pretty
and nice. I don't know. For me, like
there have been so many imple
implementations. I I actually don't
really I feel like they both basically
mean the same thing to me because there
have been so many games that have
blurred blurred the lines. It's like I
just need to look closely at this to
understand what exactly is happening. I
think which is unfortunate. I think the
only reason this happened to me is
because Final Fantasy 7 remake is the
name of Final Fantasy 7 remake. And in
my brain now because that game is titled
that that is the definition of a re
remake. It would be nice if there was a
bit more shared understanding of the
parameters of what each of these things
means, but unfortunately there isn't.
So, I mean, that's just my advice is
just just look, don't don't assume based
on the naming. I I mean, I like things
like like definitive edition. Like,
there's got to be some other phrasing to
just indicate like this is the one to
play. This is a great new version of
this game you already had and loved and
not get down to the semantics of like,
well, is it a remake or this? This is
like, is a hot dog a sandwich? At a
certain point, I don't care. I hate
those type of questions. You know me. I
really hate those. It's like I don't
even want to answer it. It's a dumb
question. Like I'll There's no such
thing as it's something I put in my
mouth and I eat. This is a video game
that I'm going to sit down and play.
What it is, I will decide. You want to
decide? Yes. Okay. But it also it
doesn't matter. There there is there is
a there is a is it making me excited to
play it? There's a layer of money
attached to it too though. How? Well,
sometimes when games are remastered, not
remade, it's cheaper to what? Because
you didn't have to do as much work to do
it. If you're just making it look
prettier and adding some modern controls
is not as much work as Final Fantasy 7.
They freaking redid the whole I'm sure
you could come up with examples.
I think that's that's why to argue that
either way. I think that's why people
want to know like what the value of it
is, you know? But but I I agree with
you. I think I think the the way that
you should handle that is look for
yourself and you determine yourself if
this is worth your money. Like if you're
like I don't need to play this game
again just because they made it pretty.
I'm not willing to pay $50 for a game
that I have already played beginning to
end and they've made pretty like then
don't buy it. But if you're like that is
worth it to me like I love this game and
I want to see it pretty then I'll I'll
play it. Definitive edition. I don't
think that's a good there it is. Why
not? Because that can mean a lot of
things. That could mean like a game like
so does this. That could mean like that
that to me definitive edition means more
like this is a game that had a ton of
DLC and we've included it all in one
game. That's what that means to me. But
I I think that the point is game of the
year edition. Again, it's one of those
things where you don't see that very
much. You don't see that. And also not a
lot of games get game of the year. So if
you didn't get game of the year, you
can't Well, I like it when games that
did not they just they just add they Oh,
this was game of the year. Oh, and they
just used that phrasing whether it was
game of the year or not. Oh, that's
brazen. You shouldn't do that. That's
lying. That's false advertising. That's
false advertising. Um, well, yeah,
that's that's many different opinions on
this, which is clearly how we got in
this problem in the first place. There's
no like standardized definition. Uh,
boycott. Is that the answer? Get mad.
Boycott remasters and remakes. Drop the
remasters. Drop the rem.
Thank you. VGM Life has our final
question. You recently suggested
Nintendo should send out Switch 2 demo
kiosks to retailers ASAP. Any idea why
they haven't done so? And do you
remember the first demo kiosk that wowed
you? I can still remember playing Mario
64 at a kiosk in Toys R Us and being
blown away by the ability to move around
so freely and 3D. That could have been
you. But you were boy crazy or
something. Wasn't boy crazy. This is
what was taking all your attention.
That's not true. I bet it was. If I was
boy crazy, I probably could have could
have gotten some boys by playing Mario
64. So, I wasn't. It proves that I
wasn't hanging out at this Toys R Us. It
proves that I wasn't. Um I think they're
scared of
leaks is what it is. Terrified. Actually
terrified. So, they can't they can't do
it right now cuz someone's going to like
break into that thing. No, I remember
like with the Switch one, it was late.
There there was some there was something
that they could only start at a certain
point and then it was like, oh, it's a
mad race to get it finished at launch.
Like there are some things that they
simply cannot do, right? There are some
things they simply cannot do. And they
also need like to get the systems and
have those like ready to go and
installed installed in the little like
the little kiosks and stuff when when
they have these out. That will be
literally as fast as they're able to do
them. Right. Right. and and and like
whatever timeline they're on to make
sure that there's not like a you know a
situation where there's leaks or it's
somewhere where it's not secure and it's
pre-launch and there's there's like
problems you know and they got to get
those people they physically have people
go go out there to install these so
that's a it's a big feat you know for
them to do um obviously mine is DS so
I'm not going to talk about that again
that was exactly what happened to me
with DS for me it was not it was not a
traditional demo kiosk but I do remember
at ver uh for the Virtual Boy, they made
a big push for you to rent it at
Blockbuster and you got a giant like
Pelican case. It was like a briefcase, a
large padded briefcase that had a
Virtual Boy in it. Totally remember
that. And I did that for a weekend and I
thought, well, boy, am I glad I didn't
spend hundreds of dollars. I'm glad I
tried it, but I'm glad I didn't spend
hundreds of dollars on this. Your eyes
were never the same. I still don't wear
glasses. I'm all right. Blew out your
corn, your rods and cones. I'm good.
They're dead. Yeah, in the eyes. There
you go. There you go. Those are all of
the questions. Thank you to everybody
for sending them in. And don't forget to
check us out at
patreon.com/kittenchcrista. Get the
early access to these podcasts. Spoiler
cast. Get the spoiler cast. Get the
bonus Q&A. Get the gameplay videos. Get
it all. patreon.com/kittenchrista.
So much exclusive content on the
Patreon. It's there's a lot. It's
amazing stuff. Um, we are on the
socials. on Twitter, Instagram, Tik Tok,
Facebook, YouTube, Blue Sky, and
threads.
Also, if you're watching this on video
on YouTube, we'd love it if you could
subscribe to this channel. Please
subscribe because we're really close to
this. We're starting this now. We're
starting this now. We are starting. We
need the help. Okay, smash that
subscribe button. Tell a friend. Please
smash it as hard as you can. Uh, leave a
comment. All that. Also on audio. If
you're listening on audio, all of our
great audio listeners, you can subscribe
as well. Give the podcast a fivestar
rating and leave a written review if you
please. Love that. This is around the
time last week we were hearing that ice
cream truck. I don't hear anything. It's
not there. It's not coming anymore. Why?
It's done. Why was it here in the first
place? Not even summer yet. Does it come
more in the summer? Oh, and the
weather's better. Maybe the weather's
pretty nice today. Interesting. H Oh,
man. Sorry to burst your bubble. thing.
That was so great. I loved it. All
right, let's shout out some beautiful
superstar or uh
beautiful Patreon subscribers. You got
caught exposed in 4K with
You got caught. What? Um you're really
throwing me. Aaron Hatch, that's boss.
Aaron Hatch also in 4K. Okay, we've been
sharing all the trials and tribulations
of pre-ordering with Aaron. Pre-order.
Aaron Hash got a pre-work. Great for
Aaron Hush. That's what happens when
you're the final bus. Make things
happen. That's right. He was like, "If
you didn't get one, I'll give you I'll
give it to you." I'm like,
"Oh, nice."
Superstars Ben Icorn, Mario Mayhem,
Ianverse, Kiss My Flapjack, Mike Chin,
Right Esshki, Switching It Up,
Underscore, VGM Life, Link the Hero of
Winds, Angela Braftoft, Thomas Aor, Kyle
Buff, Roberto Nedz, Frederick Olf,
Conradson, Andrew Yuas, Chile, Simon,
Crash, Shuri, Master, Discord, Ash,
Akunlas, 40g, Travis, Torine, Echo,
Vadair, that's so Lenel, MSM, Poke
Gamer, Cameron, Arburns, Iami, and Kit
10K. Not you. Welcome. The new
superstars, Aigami and Kit 10K. Welcome.
Welcome. But it's Kit like the
Nightrider car. Not kit like me. Two
T's. Two T's. Two T's. Different. I do
like Kit 10K though. That's a good name.
Good name. That's a good name. Aami sent
me a great photo to use in the uh You'll
see it here. Wonderful. It's great. Um,
okay. OneUp club. Aon Burgundy. Ali
Alejandro. Alli, Andy Peachy, Andy
Robinson, Angelie, Arisu, Astro Dev.
Awesome 46, Axel, Barnstorm, Bates, Ben
JB, Ben McKe, Big Gamer with a Y,
Brandon Kaval, Brent Dennis, Brian
Decker, Brovac, Novak, Bruce Stash,
Bucky Flores, Chadir, Chel Squirrel,
Crispy Soros, Chris Galvin, Christopher
Le, Cosmic Titan, 718, Captain Alex,
Boper, 17, Doug, Deo, Dallas E, Daniel
Phillips, Dawson, Delving with
Different, Debbie P, Dinko, Dre, Duck,
Doad, Life, Triacic, Eccentric, Tony,
Elite, Peach, Elizabeth Speltz, Esparts
50, Fairbound, Pretty and Just Forever,
Fox Deploy, Funky Hand, Gamers Like
Anime, Garf the Wolf, Gart, Jin Wolf,
Guilty Phoenix 42, Handheld Gamer, Happy
Slav, I may have made a mistake, Iris
Marin, Jay Rando, Jack Hovic, Jake uh
Jack 95, Jame Eisenberg, Joe Incarnos,
Jonathan Row, Jordan Hemorrhy, Joshua
Clemens, Ginger, Justin Lemoner, Joe,
uh, Jaywolf, Ken CPU 57, Kaba 279, Keith
Quan, Kevin Delane, Kevin Moreno, Kila
Kibo, Chrisott Kid, Chrisia, Party with
Me, KS 3261,
Kyle Gamer, Barry, Rookie, Kyle 325,
Kyle Crutzer, Kyle R. Smith, Lazy Cat
for Coffee, Levi, Lex, Lightwood, Link
9898, L Mikey, Linko, Light Latte, Lit,
Lucas, Pico, Luigi 53, Luke Hayabusa,
Luna N, Luna B, Luna B, Lynn, Macho,
Potato, Mad Dog, 5981, Magnificent,
Easy, G plus, Cali, Marie, Mario Man
392, Mark S, Marky Man 64, Maverick,
Nate, Mecca, Dragon 101, Megan, May plus
Leon, Michael Mer, Michael O'Hara,
Michael Wong, Mikey Mr. Rhino07
Modtomania Mr. Andy Pon Mr. Beans undip.
My tr Nir Nigba Reeves NF Ninja 11
Noasan Omega index card pangi paper boat
forrice mlette Paul Paul Gil Network
Poke Digi Fan 20 Prime Factor Prince
Charmless Rain Record Rumble Rick
Alvarado Rob N Rob O Romsky 71 113 Rocks
Rusty Shackleford Ryan Hayes 521 Ryan
Hos Ryanetta Sage Gamer Sebastiano
Garass
Shar Sharief Jackson, Shinri, Smeiggles,
Slowb Bro, Schnozle, Spy Poo, Spicy
Munch Chicken, Starman DX, Steel Trone,
Steven Johnson, Steven Rockoff, Pseudo
Priest, Tales of Link, Tandem, T120 and
64, Teal Fox 64, The Cers, The Quiet
One, The Sir, OT, The Shark Among Men,
The Schmidt One, Thomas Alvarez, Three
Rivers, Torch Cheeks, Tony J, Toadaru,
Trioi, Trev, Tendo 88, Tugs, Puppy Bear,
Tuscu, Ty, Uncle Jungle, Victor MK,
Video game stupid viger Vidian Virtual
Bot WG Grizzy Wu Wicked Davey Zachary S
Zelgrath Zapatti Zero Link That's right.
You seem to be unraveling at the end of
this podcast. It was really What
happened to you? I can go for another
two hours. You can. Yes, we're just
getting started. Ice cream. Oh, there's
no ice cream. You're bummed out about
the ice cream. Sad. That's what it is.
Do you think it's coming back ever? N
call Mr. Softy. Don't do that. Why not?
Call Mr. It's just Mr. Softy. Hello. Am
I speaking with Mr. Softy?
Oh boy. Time to stop. We need to stop.
Okay, that was fun. Thank you so much
for being here with us. We'll see you
guys later. Bye bye.