ladies gentlemen and NBS it's me Mr
stars in the bank Greg
Miller and I have
unbelievable horrible terrible news for
you as you all know I am the holder of
stars in the bank which entitles me to
cash in on whoever I want for the game
Showdown star rankings
I won this fair and square at our 10th
anniversary I was told that I was
allowed to cash it in whenever I wanted
to and like a true competitor if not
Champion I called the ball and said I
would cash it in today against Tim
Gettys it breaks my heart as a kind of
funny founder but more importantly a fan
one one of you that I have to break the
news to you that my competitor Tim
Gettys the host of the show blessing ATO
Jr and the producer Roger PNE have fled
the state of
California rather than face me they have
left the state of California on Nintendo
switch 2 direct
day I've done everything right I won the
briefcase
I called my shot and I just wanted a
fair chance but guess what that's not
how game Showdown
works
so as Greg Miller the
competitor I am cashing in stars in the
bank against Tim Gettys for the
aforementioned three stars I'm
modowe as Greg Miller CEO I am accepting
this cash
in and awarding Greg Miller the
competitor three
stars ladies gentlemen and n's this
isn't how I wanted it thank you but
don't don't applaud this don't this is
not how I wanted this I wanted to show
you the charlatan that Tim is that he
was never worthy of Team blue but this
is how it has to be on the biggest
Nintendo Direct day of all time this is
how it has to be so what I ask you is of
course to go to Blue Sky to Instagram to
if you see them on the street and boo
Tim Gettys and boo blessing atoa Jr and
blue blue Roger borney I'm I can't even
speak we need to reset the Nintendo
switch 2 is about to
reveal so we're going to go we're going
to go to the sponsors and we're going to
come back and we're have a nice day but
for right now I happily accept these
three stars I'm sorry please Barett run
it this episode's brought to you to you
by lost Skies what would you do if you
woke up and the world around you was now
floating high in the clouds lost Skies
is the new open world survival like that
puts the power of exploration and choice
in your hands use the physics-based
grappling hook glider and your own
custom Airship to Traverse the remains
of this fractured world and uncover its
Mysteries you and up to five friends
will harness the power of ancient
technology to survive the Hostile
islands that scatter The Horizon and the
threat that lurk in the sky itself the
battles are intense so it's up to you to
build a sky ship to shelter you in
Fierce storms and take the battle to
gigantic monsters want to take a break
from fighting in the skies use the
intuitive Island Creator and share your
builds with the community head over to
steam and wish list lost Skies today and
discover what's lurking Beyond the
Horizon this episode's brought to you by
Monaco 2 gather your crew plan your
Heist and let the chaos unfold in Monaco
2 return to mon
a city teaming with excellent scores and
gullible marks right for getting parted
from their prized possessions go alone
or tackle Heist as a team of four with
online and local co-op just remember
even the best laid plans can blow up in
your face so you'll have to stay on your
toes Monaco 2 is the sequel to the cult
classic Monaco what's yours is mine that
expands on every aspect of the game new
characters bring unique abilities and
play styles to help you escape the Heat
and with new modes and procedurally
generated levels every run is full of
surprises the heist is on when Monaco 2
arrives on Steam Xbox and PlayStation on
April 10th y'all know how important it
is to wish list these games it helps the
developers so much so please wish list
lost skies and Monaco 2 this episode is
brought to you by rocket money you sign
up for something forget about it after
the trial period ends and then you're
charged month after month after month
the subscriptions are there but you're
not using them in fact 85% of people
have at least one paid subscription
going unused each month thanks to Rocket
money you can see all of your
subscriptions in one place and cancel
the ones you're not using anymore and
save more money rocket money has helped
multiple members of kind of funny
learned that they're still paying for
things they totally didn't even realize
you know who I'm talking about rocket
money is a personal finance app that
helps find and cancel your unwanted
subscriptions monitors your spending and
helps lower your bills so you can grow
your savings rocket money has over 5
million users and has saved a total of
500 million in canceled subscriptions
saving members up to $740 a year when
using all the app's premium features
cancel your unwanted subscriptions and
reach your financial goals faster with
rocket money go to Rocket money.com
kindof funny today that's rocket
money.com kindof
funny what's up everybody welcome to
your live reaction action to the
Nintendo switch to Nintendo Direct I'm
one of your hosts Greg Miller alongside
AXS of the blood Gods cat Bailey what is
up's not much cat I we're I you know
snowbike Mike's here the master of hype
hey good morning the Nitro rifle himself
Andy Cortez good morning uh obviously
we're all excited but I've talked to
these jabronies enough about the
Nintendo switch to cat Bailey of course
your history of Nintendo long documented
of course you're on NVC all the time
back in the day of course you're talking
about it all the time what's your hype
level right now for the nintend to
switch to event we're about to have my
hype level is woohoo 99 level 99 Stars
100 100 lives whatever yeah yeah I'm
really excited about this one because
we've been waiting for this for a long
time I mean it's hard to believe that
the switch is 8 years old now I mean
2017 feels very recent to me but
actually it was a really long time ago
and as much as I love the switch it was
really time for something new and it
really opens up a lot of opportunities I
think for the games that can be on it
the third party games and I would like
to see what Nintendo does next this is a
new chapter for Nintendo as well it's a
big deal 100% of course this is a big
deal for us we will be live reacting to
the switch alongside you right now of
course if you're watching live on
youtube.com/ kindof funny games or
twitch.tv/ kindof funny games if you are
and you've never been here before please
of course click the follow button go
ahead and if you got Amazon Prime what
do you got Andy you got twitch Prime of
course give us your free subscription
that does that or come back and give us
real money subscribe on YouTube
subscribe on Twitch hang out with us
each and every day because of course
we're kind of funny and we're all about
live talk shows usually starting with
kind of funny games daily rolling into a
Games cast and then streaming some video
games no matter where you get the show
thank you for your support if you're
listening later on podcast services
around the globe or watching on YouTube
of course ring the bell and do all the
stuff there uh your programming day for
kind of funny is a big one of course we
are live reacting to this entire
hourlong presentation moving right into
a kind of funny games cast recapping
everything we've seen then moving into
kind of funny games daily with Paris and
Gary then streaming a whole of Pokemon
snow it's going to be a great day I'm
really excited I dusted off my Nintendo
switch late last night that's uh launch
you found the coat too you found the
coat still alive found this coat it was
in the garage tucked in a corner very
good Andy you're not going to get enough
credit for wearing a red reddish jacket
like a dark red jacket so I appreciate
that thank you I want you I want to call
that out for you try to be a little bit
on theme yeah a little bit you're
killing it Mike I want to go back to you
cuz as always you over prepare but in
the weirdest ways what what what we what
did you prepare here this pie Greg I
brought out my top 10 switch experiences
from the Generation Um I have some olis
I want to hit up really quick before we
jump into it Andy if you'll help me
that's outside looking of course I did
not want to ask thank you very much
that's f99 that is uh Super Mario 3D
World nine parchments and Pico partk 2
are outside looking in give you my top
10 Mario plus Rabbids one and two get a
little combo pack for you number nine
Mario Tennis of course number eight
Mario Kart number seven super smash BR
ultimate number six sua game that cool
water melon game that
you great game great game great love
that game number five Animal Crossing
New Horizons number four you won't ever
guess it it's Pokemon unite what a great
M holy cow the best Mike now we get
spicy top three for snowe Mike top 10
switch games number three Kirby
forgotten land oh my God the goat
fantastic number two Marvel Ultimate
Alliance 3 how did that game get trapped
on that system great question and number
one drum roll please Andy Pikmin four I
loved
Pikman not bad not bad and my biggest
surprise of the generation I never lost
it yeah he never lost the switch for the
record this man lost a steam deck and
does not know where it is I lost it with
like very quickly too it was very
concerning yeah yeah how did you ever
play anything on the steam deck no no
that was a bad investment yeah we'll
find it eventually cat we'll get into it
you it's got to be you got to look where
your jacket was it's
huge it's probably in the corner of the
room somewhere also next time you do a
list I'll try to find the Dan
lebatard kind of thing yeah CH what do
you all think about this weird little
optical illusion isn't that freaky
looking cuz the TVs are slanting in but
the joycons AR how was thatg and you're
an artist [ __ ] right there they look
[ __ ]
up you know how long it how long did it
take you to figure that out a little too
long yeah uh cat Bailey of course we are
less than 4 minutes away from starting
this Nintendo switch to direct again
we've been predicting non-stop for what
feels like oh [ __ ] sorry years oh my God
uh my alarm was going off oh no why' you
set it for 608 why why why is the time
wrong well I have it ahead cuz you
always want to be had of schedule always
want to be like kind of in a rush the uh
for the switch 2 reveal I had to
download an update earlier
hold on one sec I almost bought one of
those he always keeps telling me to buy
Ben one and Ben does need a clock but I
don't some there you go I saw I thought
I had the motion control thing to turn
it off it doesn't I turn it off my hope
is he's going to get bored with it and
give it to me to give it to my son uh
cat we now are three minutes away less
than uh what's your prediction on price
what's your prediction on release date
all the big stuff yeah price I'm
thinking $400 and that's what
everybody's been saying that's kind of
the boring one but I don't think it's
going to go any higher and it's looking
like it's going to be a June release
date so which again everybody's been
talking about kind of the worst kept
secret in the world I think yeah well so
how and then the other one Mike last
night was saying what you said more than
nine less than 15 games shown is that
right Mike is that what you're that's
what I'm settling into they will be a
montage that will probably blow my
number up but uh I'm going to stick with
9 to 15 maybe Nintendo first party the
ones we really want let's settle in with
like four to five I'll be surprised if
we see a new Mario but we may get a
Zelda te teaser wa I think there will be
a decent amount of focus on Nintendo
first party In the initial roll out hell
yeah there will hell yeah there will
what an exciting day Andy oh my gosh you
know what I mean been looking forward to
this for so long obviously I'm the I'm
the tech graphic snob at kind of funny
if things aren't running and looking the
best I'm annoyed by it and yet I still
love Nintendo games a lot and I I I
think their art style is just so it you
can't really compete with the sort the
Aesthetics that they're putting out and
especially how good everything looks on
their on their OLED display obviously I
always told Tim you're crazy if you
think there's going to be an OLED today
it will be an it'll be a really but
again LCD technology has advanced quite
a bit in the last decade cu the you know
the switch 2 didn't just come out on the
17th it's been in development for quite
some time as well or the switch one
rather so like I think I'm going to be
really happy with the quality of this
screen even though it's not going to be
OLED I think it's going to be 1080
rather than 720 and that by itself is a
big upgrade okay okay Nintendo trying to
join us here in 2025 I'll take it uh we
are less than one minute away Barrett
what does it look like on the big screen
the big stream uh like this there it is
look at that 34 seconds countdown and
then you'll get the fun little was yeah
this is a pre a you premere image yeah
so you're going to get the thing where
it goes then into a different 10c
countdown right over yeah little music
breakdown yeah always like that I always
like that they'd I mean if they were
cool they would have Nintendo music
there but it's just they don't I get
claimed was just YouTube thing yeah
remember back in the day when you had to
like register to be a Nintendo YouTuber
crazy deal are they even done with that
I don't even know if they're done with
that oh the ambassador program yeah can
you can you stream a game without Reggie
or something
coming yeah yeah okay it's back I didn't
know that was happening uh here we go so
it's refreshing there you go oh they
have their own cool countdown it's not
that long either that's
great cuz we're the kings of you know
countdown into a two-in count countdown
into a countdown yeah 10 seconds
separates you from the rest of your
video game Life everyone as we prepare
to see the Nintendo switch 2 for the
first time and all the bells and
whistles they have thank you for joining
us we're kind of funny games let's have
a good time 611 on my alarm shut up with
the 612
now the mature games Mike hey Call of
Duty no GTA
6 can you imagine elen ring like this is
why we do the dark ring for
sure rated and
[Music]
premature it's not every day you get to
work in the games industry and cover a
[ __ ] new Nintendo cons so this is
exciting
man cart
[Music]
that sure looks like a cross country
Greg I saw on Blue Sky from when bar
Courtney says everybody's overblown how
open it's going to be Mario Kart meets
[Music]
cars sh
guy D we see Dry Bones is dry bones
there
[Music]
[Music]
shout out to this 4K broadcast by the
way oh heck
yeah Pauline from Donkey Kong's in this
one I mean she's a star after New Dong
City oh
yeah that means New Dong City might be a
a track yeah oh it's got to be oh he's
grinding [ __ ] grinding wall riding
wow what the hell is that what the
[ __ ] let's [ __ ]
go okay yeah hell yeah hell yeah oh he's
eating
[Music]
burgers downloadable skins finally let's
change the way our dudes look for
Christ's
sake is that new do City there n just
Waluigi wasn't a cool outfit
world world yeah that mean duh that's
good okay it have we not seen how
knowbody call
that we're idioto everyone I'm
Koto and I'll be one of your guides for
today's Nintendo
Direct I'm the producer for Nintendo
switch
2 I'm taku hero DOTA the director for
Nintendo switch
2 and I'm tsia Sasaki the hardware
design lead for Nintendo switch
2 what you just saw was Mario Kart World
launching exclusively on Nintendo switch
2 now what do you think this brand new
Mario Kart game will be like
awesome a ringart series is launching
exclusively on the Nintendo switch 2
system welcome to this vast world that
looks awesome races are help throughout
various regions all
interconnected oh
wow depending on the time of day and
weather conditions the atmosphere will
change that is a
[Music]
verys say it was going to be like for
man what if they have the mega race like
for you start on one side you got to
race to the other side here we go you
can go off the RAC trck and drive
virtually everywhere in this world maybe
they kind of will here it is
in the classic Grand Prix race through
four courses in a bid for first
place but don't sleep at the wheel
you'll also drive to the next course as
part of the
competition you will with 24 drivers in
each race the most Series history the
competition is gearing four
drivers it's going to suck when you're
at the end back of the pack every time
Royale people got to nonstop one corner
of the world another
this looks
awesome there are multiple check someone
Ubisoft screaming we did it we we did
this why don't you care you hit a
checkpoint you'll be
eliminated canonball run can you make it
all the way to the Finish
Line Mike I'm immediately calling we
stream this but we have to chug a beer
between every oh wow I like that you can
also freely drive around this vast World
in free Ro wow basically open
Yeah by going offro you can explore new
areas and routes so drive wherever your
heart takes
you oh you can also go for scenic drives
with friends oh come on man I really
hope they elevate location I think
they're going to do
that they really are just pulling from
ports of horizon andly I'm here for it
yeah of course yeah copy I don't care
yeah but put dry bones in I haven't seen
across the entire world be like 24
characters perace Mario Kart
World the game Launches on the same day
as Nintendo switch 2 ooh nice more
details about this title will be shared
upcoming Mario Kart World Direct so be
on the lookout for more information in
the future I'll be there wonder if uh
Tim Gettys will flee the state World
Launches on the same day as Nintendo
switch
2 we'll share more details in the future
so we hope you're looking forward to
it next we'd like to introduce some of
the new features of Nintendo switch
2 these are the joyon 2 controllers for
switch
2 and on the right joycon 2 we've added
a new C
button let's take a look at some new
experiences what this little guy do
let's find out we're not sure what it
does yet
they still got the
[Applause]
snap if you lose it in your closet it
helps you find it m alone me all the
[Music]
time that was you chat chatting little
Discord
screen yeah where's the microphone and
stuff it's coming out of the controller
yeah ni I'm coming for you a I love
talking through the controller to my
friends Communications is what it
means a new feature for Nintendo switch
to hey what's up can you hear me it
doesn't work very
good with this feature you'll be able to
communicate with friends and family
while playing a game should we follow
you yeah follow okay
Adventure while using the game chat
feature your voice is recognized by
microphone built into the system on top
of the there's no way oh it's going to
be just like the connect back in the day
can you hear me clearly even from a
distance look at this jump on
here all right let's keep going it's
coming let's make a left right here
let's make a when it's noisy around you
[ __ ] Jord shut will still come
through clearly letting
you it's going to be fantastic okay it
does look beautiful it's and you can use
this feature in handheld mode too
letting you easily chat with friends and
family so it's to the basis chat menu
and turn on game screen sharing good
good job it's like you can also share
your game screen did you see someone
just like go on top of that dinosaur
really they can do that some nice social
features being yeah of course oh shoot
at one at an opportune point I might
refresh the stream cuz audio started
desyncing somehow okay oh no
no
y
okay you can chat to to your heart's
content playing different games yeah I
know that one it's so hard right it's
tough oh wow I'm like in the sky right
here a I fell I'm falling I'm falling
I'm falling okay we got it oh big big
bad Beluga says it's desync on the real
stream bar so cute so cute cool so it's
a Nintendo thing not up add all these
games up cat they're playing different
games this counts this counts for my
prediction a lot of them are Nintendo
switch games sh like cury and forgotten
land that one's kind a fre
they're all yeah when they're when
they're that small come on balloon fight
is the big launch game that we do just
like the wall like if she gets even
Discord can't do that well a little wall
ride so everyone can watch them play oh
I think I I think I know where you are
I'm just going to watch Barrett's Mario
Kart gameplay and pretend like it's me
feel feel like I win
inside let take just giving us courses
at night here's how it is guys should
have been doing oh I like your pose n
whatever your right joyal are won't
listen there's an additional button with
the c button you can pull up a chat menu
okay oh D really I thought this was all
the C
button I'll be right back
yeah here you can quickly and easily
mute yourself and more oh nendo switch
camera oh wow we're streaming by
connecting this camera to the system
stop not very Whimsical
hey hey what's up
hello oh this is going terrible the
resolution oh my gosh good you can
appear on screen and video chat while
playing a game your faces on here this
definitely feels like a reaction to how
popular the switch got during
the everyone's a streamer now I love it
yeah are they going to eventually get to
that where it's like and you can you
know go to Twitch or whatever like this
come on they took Twitter API
off I like this look at this fa oh that
is kind of cute you could stream live to
our Nintendo streaming Style no that's
not going to work even when you're aart
you can play games and hang out as if
you were together in the same room they
don't have the interesting shoulders
play together or compete in online
multiplayer
[Music]
games chat while playing your personal
favorites that's a jam decide your own
rules for a retro game competition
that's cool or we so good I was telling
everybody how great we were at that game
all together anytime anywhere no wrist
straps either game chat that's important
it's going to really make Nintendo's
online infrastructure create what did
you think collapse in developing game
chat our goal was for you to enjoy
playing online with others more closely
including family and friends almost as
if if you're all playing together in the
same
[Music]
place the camera you saw in the trailer
is the Nintendo switch 2
camera which will be available on the
same day why does it plug into the dock
that's a little weird isn't it a
Nintendo switch online membership will
be required to use game
chat however since we'd like as many
people as possible to experience game
chat it will be available without a
membership for a limited time we hope
you'll try it out
additionally game chat supports the
Nintendo switch parental controls app
and different settings can be adjusted
for example whether parental permission
is always required want to speak to my
child we'd like to introduce another new
experience you can share with family and
friends on Nintendo switch even if you
just have one game you can pass a joycon
controller to a friend and play together
but on Nintendo switch 2 you can play
together locally on multiple systems
using just one game
with as shown here even games that
require multiple screens can be played
as one person owns a compatible game
with game share you can temporarily
share compatible games with others who
also have Nintendo switch 2 or a
Nintendo switch system you can share a
game with up to three other systems at a
time something they used to do with the
DS the virtual this is how I uh got when
I was line to buy my Wii I ended up
buying Mario Kart DS cuz the guy in
front of me game shared with
me game share can only be used with
compatible games this feature is planned
for several titles starting with a free
update for Clubhouse games 51 worldwide
Classics on Nintendo
switch game share support is also
planned for select games exclusive to
Nintendo switch 2 so we hope you'll look
forward to I like that I dig that 100
that's really St buy four copies for my
friends I thought they were done with
the Nintendo switch 2 system itself now
bring back street
pass take a look the fact that like
Mario Odyssey is still like 5994 right
now it's like shocking at 7.9 in switch
2 has a bigger built-in screen here's
how that compares to Nintendo switch the
system's thickness Remains the
Same here you go with approximately
double the pixels compared to switch you
can enjoy games in Greater detail on the
1080 I think that will make a big deal a
big difference honestly
yeah this is shocking that they're even
showing this wow wow W that's a crazy
number right there
FPS let's see how many hit gameplay and
supported titles so they went for a high
refresh screen [ __ ] frames win games
dude I can't believe they're doing any
of this HDR LCD screen is more Vivid and
supports HDR providing more contrast
between light and dark areas of the
images we've been of the opinion cther
they don't know what HDR
is the allnew joycon 2 controlls on this
thing magne it's
actually firmly attached to the system
detach your controller easily by
pressing the release button on the back
that button looks so good a hit I hate
that [ __ ] so
much the SL and Sr buttons are bigger
for greater comfort and control when
playing with a joy horizontally cuz we
know you're going to lose that wrist
strap
the left and right sticks are now
larger it is mous y each joycon 2
controller can be used as a mouse to
play with compatible games both the left
and right joyon 2 fin play football
manager on this thing Mario P Luigi pain
let's go by adjusting the audio balance
between the ranges sounds from the
built-in speakers are clearer and more
natural in handheld and tabletop modes
it has a built-in microphone so you can
voice chat with friends anytime via game
chat it also uses noise cancelling
technology to filter sounds so your
voice will come through
clearly even if you don't have a
surround sound system games can be
enjoyed with more immersive
three-dimensional sound as if it were
coming from all around you
this is a nice try but I didn't send
photos of my ear like I did to mark
C oh [ __ ] death stranding oh
[Music]
no place your Nintendo switch 2 however
you like with a large sturdy
stand you can move it freely like
[Music]
this in addition to the USBC Port found
on the bottom of the system there's one
on top as well hell yeah
it's handy for connecting a USBC
camera and that's it charging in
tabletop mode we won't let you plug
anything else
in Nintendo switch 2 comes with 256 GB
of internal storage eight times that of
Nintendo switch that's one Call of Duty
game more though save data and more
reading and writing data is also faster
waa there you go use the Nintendo switch
2 DOC to connect to your TV and 4K
resolution for comptible
games HDR is also supporting frame R Max
of 60 for
4K come
on God this is
exciting the Nintendo switch 2 doc has a
built-in fan that keeps your system cool
wow this helps keep performance stable
look at that Pokemon scarlet and violet
will still look like that though yes hey
if they can get FPS you can Nintendo gam
as well as compatible Nintendo switch
games are supported I see in the chat
someone wrote in we still feeling good
at four like that still feeling good at
400 also they said compatible switch
games yeah yeah there going to be
something you know doing Labb
as you just saw Nintendo switch 2 isn't
simply an improved Nintendo
switch we redesigned the system from the
ground up and packed in lots of new
gameplay
features and to help players better
understand the switch to Hardware we're
currently developing this
game Mr paloto oh boy hello my current
location is actually inside the game
itself got him this is Nintendo switch 2
Welcome tour exclusive to Nintendo
switch
2 the welcome tour I'm standing over
here oh [ __ ] look at him okay everyone
join me inside the game cute where are
the Miis at there are a lot of question
mark icons here let's examine
them I do miss the Miis where are the
where are the
magnets the joycon 2 controllers
attached to the system with magets and
those magnets are inside the
system the SL and Sr buttons on the
joycon 2 are made of
metal so that's how they attach to the
system a magnetic circuit is formed
between them so they won't easily
detach learn about
magnets through examining signs like
these you can discover all sorts of
Nintendo Swit the little information
kiosk there is the exact one for
check in for your
appointment person sitting at the
Nintendo Swit
like oh oh nice the position of the golf
club and aim for the Cup by rotating the
joycon
2 get me in there by combining the mouse
controls and gyroscopes things like this
are
possible there are secrets to discover
even as you're playing mini games and
Tech
demos some of the secrets range from the
unique features of the system there's
some paint tiny details you might not
notice until they're pointed out
HD there are
plenty Nintendo switch 2 Welcome tour
will launch as a paid digital game on
the same day I thought that would have
been
free
okay that's not a pack definitely
thought that was their astrobot that
that was going to be the pack in that's
an insane one that's czy is the game
card for Nintendo switch 2
titles it's the same shape as Nintendo
switch game cards but it's now red and
it has much faster data reading
speeds next up covered do not put it in
your mouth switch 2 will only work with
micro SD Express
cards they're a different type of SD
card and will make highspeed data
transfers
possible better find out how much these
cost please note their regular micro
nintend are going nintend switch will
not be compatible no no not Nintendo
ones just in general like how much M
transer data from switch to switch 2 you
can log into your Nintendo account to
use the system transfer feature with
this feature you can transfer save data
digital games and
Morey new Pro
Controller it has a c launches game and
on the back there are
new existing button controls you can see
the headphone jack too in addition an
audio jack has been added we've
introduced a few new features and after
today's presentation the official
Nintendo switch 2 website will go live a
million
years the default controll 26 micro SD X
is 60 bucks okay great thank you and now
the Nintendo switch 2 launch
date Nintendo switch 2 Launches on June
5th wow
we're very much looking forward to the
day when you all get to experience it so
please wait just a bit longer couldn't
to move that for a summer game Fest the
day before it's the day before this is
the best 5year anniversary gift I'm
going to get on Nintendo switch 2 you
can play three types of
games the first type is Nintendo switch
2
games these games take advantage of the
performance and features of switch
2 the second type is compatible games
that were released on Nintendo
switch Nintendo switch 2 Edition games
are the third
type some games that were released on
switch will receive upgraded versions
that offer things like improved visuals
unique ways to play on switch 2 and more
oh my gosh please show me something now
I'd like to show you the Nintendo switch
2 edition of Super Mario party jamell
it's going to use the mouse please take
a look
that sounds like a snap to me Super
Mario Party jamere is getting an upgrade
on Nintendo switch
2 the upgrade expands on the base game
and adds new features including Mouse
controls there it
is audio
recognition more expressive
Rumble and gameplay that uses a camera
accessory all of which can be accessed
on
dude hell yeah let's check out three new
and updated modes I'm not buying this
[ __ ] camera all right no matter how
much they try I'm not buying it with a
single camera up to four players can
join the festivities you'll be able to
see each other's faces as you play so
you can experience all the reactions and
emotions in real time or four friends
can take the party
[Music]
online up next next it's Bowser live a
mode where the livelier team wins
karaoke Bowser will bring you on stage
two hit
block guide an RC car that's
F and compete in other mini gam using
full body movement and sound I hope they
do the trombone mode you know
likeone coaster with the safety bar
lowered and secure oh got to lower the
safety bar let's go
use Mouse controls to shoot down enemies
while you feel the BMS and rumbles of
the coaster you don't got to go to
Nintendo Land you can have it right in
your living room don't worry about when
you enter a pipe a mini game will begin
there's a bouldering game where two
players each control an arm that looks
just like the to spray paint and quickly
tag objects
cool enjoy the thrill of these intuitive
mini gamess how quickly can you reach
the station finally everybody learn
keyboard mouse from mini games that use
a camera the built-in
microphone Mouse controls and Rumble the
biggest party yet is getting even bigger
Super Mario Party jambur Nintendo switch
2 Edition plus Jam TV Launches on
Nintendo switch 2 July 24th drop the
bomb what's the price Nintendo switch 2
players who already own Super Mario
Party jamere can upgrade to Nintendo
switch 2 Edition plus jamere TV
by purchasing an upgrade pack but how
much yep yeah please look forward to a
new Mario Party experience be another
you can see each other's reactions while
playing let's continue presenting some
more Nintendo switch 2 Edition games
there it is yes 60 FPS breath of the
wild yes bring it Nintendo switch two
editions of The Legend of Zelda breath
of the wild both and The Legend of Zelda
tear of the
Kingdom feature enhanced resolution and
frame rates
and also support HDR which makes the
image more vibrant now everybody can
experience this without being a criminal
higher definition graphicly yeah
allegedly I didn't experience them plus
you can get even more out of your
adventures in hyru using Zelda
notes this new feature can be accessed
via the Nintendo Switch app on Smart
devices it's a game specific service
that's exclusive to the switch two
editions of these
titles for example it can help guide you
to various locations like shrines and
cororo you haven't found yet guidance
activating the
[ __ ] north
GPS we couldn't put like a Zelda voice
in there to do it or you can share your
Creations using QR codes and send them
to another player to create in their
game wow so this
is takes away your note taking though
Greg you don't you don't want this I'm
not journaling yet oh that's true like
you can also talk about what tingle did
hope these features will make your
adventures even more enjoyable oh my
gosh I'm so
excited see this is why I held off I
never finish a oh that's
why you'll be able to enjoy an
additional story exclusive to the
Nintendo switch 2 Edition along with
improved graphics and frame
rates this game is so good for real
though most underappreciated game
after being struck by a powerful meteor
that's causing mysterious changes top
three loved it
yeah we hope you're looking forward to
kiry's new
[Music]
adventure Metroid Prime 4 Beyond will
have both a Nintendo switch and a
Nintendo switch 2 Edition keyboard mouse
mode show it to
us give it to
me yes let's
damn I didn't think they [ __ ] do it I
didn't think they'd [ __ ] do it that's
amazing come on this is the best day
ever dude explore the immersive World in
4k at 60 second or enjoy smoother action
in full HD 20 frames per second choose
from these two modes both of which
support HDR based on your preference and
play
style here we go plus Pokémon Legends Za
which is scheduled to launch later this
year will not only receive a Nintendo
switch version but a Nintendo switch 2
Edition as
well by taking
play you can enjoy your adventure in
lumio city with enhanced resolution and
frame rate this is so awesome cuz I just
was expecting this to be the final like
switch one game the Nintendo switch 2
Edition games you just saw will be
available as both physical and digital
versions amazing God this is so awesome
you already own the Nintendo switch
version of a game you can play the
Nintendo switch 2 Edition by purchasing
an upgrade $10
right
nintend next I'd like to introduce a
brand new game featuring Mouse controls
with the joyc 2
controllers please take a
look DJ here it's
bad what a time for the audio not to be
sunk
yeah oh it's a new
arms new arms holy
[ __ ] rocket league
basketball
shooter J
[Music]
this is the kind of [ __ ] Mike's going to
go pro inly you're going to turn on your
you're going to turn on Twitch at 12:30
on a Tuesday Mike's going to be there
with a green screen background talking
in the locker
room be you reach I
teach cookies come on you get that
[Applause]
oh look they got multiple courts going
on too stre oh snap it's the
neighborhood the neighborhood NBA 2K
slam damn dude boom goes
Dynamite nothing's ever looks cooler
than this sh yeah
yeah you got Ubisoft being like we had
roller Champions guys come on dag and
drive you'll use both joyon 2
controllers as mice to intuitively pull
off various moves it doesn't look to a
new Twist on three Onre matches using
dual Mouse
controls next here are some games from
our publishing and development partners
coming to Nintendo switch
2 there it
is come on come
on this world is in D need of
repair oh baby switch to
Edition it's a great get yeah a huge one
what a great get for them I mean you're
playing on Steam deck but real
burden that means we can play it
together and switch the split the
controller I have no doubt and get
cameras and look at each other this is
going to be a great time I mean I could
also quit the company and never talk to
you ever again there's a lot of
possibilities here tarnished Edition
what is tarnished ition mean uh not as
good yeah the visuals are
tarnished super giant games yeah to say
that Hades 2 is coming from Nintendo
switch 2 our first ever sequel
introduces the princess of the Dead an
immortal witch out to Vanquish the
Sinister Titan of time he'll battle
beyond the underworld to the ends of the
Earth getting to know dozens of
characters from Greek myth in a story
that reacts to your every set back I
hope it's the kind of game you can about
minutes for more about do you think
they'll the audio syn for no there's way
to do
that oh Street Fighter Street figh you
stopped my heart when you said monster
hunter everything stopped for a second I
don't think Monster Hunter would run on
this thing no I don't either maybe they
barely runs on my PC it runs so badly on
Steam deck it looks so terrible
okay I like the amiibos good to see the
amiibos back initiating Arsenal boot
sequence weapon safety mechanism
confirmed operating at normal levels
testing data May normal commencing
launch what was the one after two long
Wars where our freedom was restricted we
this look cool
fire as hell
sh I'm in need of a new Arsenal new
equipment and money I'm for sale if this
is like a platinum comeback for astral
chain yeah that's what I was looking for
for the war people were saying Vanquish
too that's what I was thinking no Planet
will be
ours The Sovereign
Axiom the Trinitas has almost completed
a weapon that was created to destroy all
Humanity no because we're in the middle
of a war chain wasn't
just Aude I won't just stop you I'll
tear you
apart BR to our lives I was trying to
remember the name of that
game here we
go I'm super excited for split fiction
to come to Nintendo switch 2 the game is
a story about friendship you play as Mio
who writes sci-fi and Zoe who writes
fantasy and it's [ __ ] crazy together
they get trapped in their own stories
and it's up to you and a friend to help
them Break
Free let me tell you this you feel like
it takes two you're going to love this
one trust me and of course you'll be
able to play split fiction on the day
switch to
launches cool at EA Sports we're
bringing fans together across the world
both on the pitch and on the grid iron
we're excited to announce the EA Sports
FC will be coming to Nintendo switch
2 m also be arriving on the Nintendo
platform Madden was never on the switch
I know
unbelievable a l of MLB the Show on my
switch we are bringing Hogwarts Legacy
to Nintendo switch 2 with enhanced
graphics and seamless World
transitions you'll be immersed in The
Wizarding World like never before really
cool to see all these represent switch
even more ways to experience the
adventure although it would have been
sick like mizaki was part of the olden
Ring Thing discover the enhanced magic
when Hogwarts Legacy launch punches on
the same day as switch
to Captain is that
my I'm buying this at
launch I don't think Tony Hawk Pro
Skater came out on switch
so a new generation will learn I think
it
did later if I remember correctly
yo
bar sounds so
off it's so decn really this is
Christian Elan from I interactive they
going to put Hitman on it we are
bringing our Flagship title Hitman world
of assassination to Nintendo switch
2 as the best assassin in the trade
Agent 47 does everything he can to
accomplish his
mission and how each Mission progresses
will vary depending on the player's
imagination our ever expanding game will
release on the same day as switch
2 plus we are excited to bring another
familiar agent to the
platform James Bond oh [ __ ] no way James
Bond game for IT world premier this
where we're James Bond you're not seeing
this is all you're going to get this is
all you're going to get this is all
you're going to
[Music]
get
golden what would that be cool that
would be cool that would be cool cat oh
[ __ ] James Bond the world's favorite spy
is coming to Nintendo switch 2 so stay
tuned that's crazy still haven't seen
anything oh is this a the story of light
and Shadow that never f is
reborn yeah okay Bravely Default returns
remastered in high definition we're
wondering if this is going to be at the
Nintendo switching Brave and default
commands that help you control game
rules by the way never play it Bravely
Default classic 16 bit Final Fantasy
just grind a lot of job classes so much
fun I was going to say we've gone way
too long without seeing a game like this
on a Nintendo presentation got Min games
with mouse control Square presents the
classic fantasy RPG Bravely Default
Flying Fairy HD
remas Warrior it's really good to see it
on switch to and available a
[ __ ] excent put them all on there you
imagine and we're also bringing we're
also bringing we're also bringing I
would imagine
knew we had a
cut pretty solid launch line up here
with third party support development
Partners but for now we'd like to show a
game being developed in collaboration
with Nintendo please take a
look Techo is it a muso game another
Zelda another Zelda yeah yep [ __ ]
wow when the zonai who descended from
the
heavens joined hands with the hens who
dwell on the surface so it's age of
Calamity great and prosperous
kingdom but in time a terrible evil
arose it's
Ganon I've heard sure a war was fought
to Vanquish this evil one which I'll
wait to see more evidence I'm not just
going to you know I'm not convinced yet
good people on both
[Music]
sides perhaps you truly have traveled
back in time oh [ __ ] oh you're playing
as play we're going to play from her
perspective when she goes in the past so
that's hyal Castle [ __ ] yeah nice dude
[ __ ] yeah that muste really is the
past but it's still Amo yes hey and you
know what those can be fun every once in
a
while but is it what we want out of a
[Music]
prequel it looks pretty good o that's
cool line yeah I like
that look everybody's been waiting to
play as a goat
imprisonment this
winter very cool that was hyru Warriors
age of
imprisonment it's being developed by COA
techmo games with support from
Nintendo we hope you're looking forward
to the untold story of the imprisoning
war which took place in Hyrule long ago
about 20 minutes left feeling good and
now some news about Nintendo switch
online oo it's more expensive you can
continue to enjoy Nintendo switch online
on switch
2 you think this with Nintendo switch
online plus expansion
pack you can enjoy a new membership
benefit exclusively on
switch please take a look at
this [ __ ] yeah let's go [ __ ] yeah this
is how they're getting win Waker on the
thing Nintendo get Double Dash out there
expion pack will show FR how WR he
wase Nintendo game originally released
in 2001 here are the titles that will be
available at launch God [ __ ] a Legend
of Zelda game that looks like a cartoon
come to life through cell
shading winding a mysterious Paton link
set sale on an adventure across the
Great Sea that is unbelievable Legend of
Zelda The Wind Waker in a bad way so
Cali to let's go tale of my God that is
awesome that's [ __ ] awesome in this
3D weapons based fighting game each
fighter comes with a different Mario
Golf don't [ __ ] this up nintend give it
to me all the GameCube put Double Dash
on this thing yeah
yeah of White Knuckle racing speeds over
2,000 don't [ __ ] say
don't [ __ ] say that death defying
races featuring the series first
customization and story mode get ready
to experience like the holy gra for FZ
fans in games that support multiplayer
up to four can play together locally or
online oh my gosh that's awesome I hope
the input delay is not as bad as on
Nintendo swi image quality and higher
resolution than the original
releases higher resolution better
controls for each title and customize
them to
youring more titles will be added hell
yeah sunshine Mario Strikers the OG the
P emblem is so rare Coliseum is an
awesome Edition Nintendo gameu nintend
you're not going to be able to connect
your Nintendo switch online plus
expansion pack launches the same day as
the Hardware's
release and a dedicated control
the original gameu controller will also
be released it can connect wirelessly
and also has a c button to quickly
access game
chat the Nintendo GameCube controller
exclusively available for Nintendo
switch online members will also be
available the same day as Nintendo
switch 2 H yeah buy yeah me too you're
familiar with the games I'm turning to
think the Wind Waker and Twilight
Princess HD ports never [ __ ] nintend
GameCube
Nintendo Jeff
grub of course you can continue to play
select games from the systems shown here
on Nintendo switch
2 okay let's see some more games from
our publishing and development
[Music]
Partners yes yo
yo Delta run we're getting a Delta run
release date
is it only four
chapters I think that's the full thing
yeah off artville journey of humor and
friendship under tars LL
story The Nadia is freaking out right
now on my
podcast God damn what a
game it's not silk song but it's still
pretty
good we're going to inform yall that the
battery of my laptop's dying so I have
to unplug the alarmo no alarmo yeah
sorry alarmo but get the time down it
was alarmo no go it was 655 on the
alarmo right holy [ __ ] switch to laun oh
my gosh hi [ __ ] get this
[ __ ] our upcoming Flagship
Borderlands game will launch on Nintendo
switch 2 Borderlands is back Loot and
shoot your way through a world filled
with wild enemies and outrageous weapons
we're still in development and it's
already the most ambitious Borderlands
game we've ever made Borderland 4 will
launch in 2025 we'll be sharing a lot of
the game in the months ahead and there's
more from 2K on the way oh hi I'm Dennis
sh from foris games fix it we're
releasing a
Nintendo of sidm Mike was on there like
no way it's it's already on switch EST
an Empire and guide your people
throughout the ages of History
talk to me when they release their first
expansion gameplay
experience same day really [ __ ] up for
and if you already own the Nintendo
switch version you can experience Mouse
controls on switch 2 by purchasing the
upgrade
yeah and we have even more news from 2K
XCOM hi I'm LEL Jinx and I'm Ben Bishop
our final announcement for today is that
WWE 2K it's coming a Nintendo switch 2
plus NBA 2K as well okay we can't wait
to see you in the ring and on the
court get that VC ready four kids find
this old tatter man off they went armed
with nothing but youthful enthusiasm and
a profound lack of preparation boom
terrible steering The Rock Let's slay
some TRS survival crafting games awesome
nailed oh uhoh po
oh
[ __ ] tastes amazing doesn't
it we're going to do a hot audio still
smashing
though really have started holy [ __ ] no
way everybody saying go to theuk go to
UK stream Nintendo UK is with the chat
popping off I'll never know where these
four kids got stranded
though it's grounded Mike but on an
island oh
snap hold on hi I'm Dave Crooks from
Dodge
roll here's the first look at enter the
dungeon
2 Dodge countless bullets and aim for
the gungeon's depths in our Rog likee
shoter sequels we can only hear what
they're saying
relo that's that's I watch through the
thumbnail oh it's 3D 3D wow in the
future very G what a game that was
[Music]
yeah
[Music]
aser he's
angry Stars nice Astron
okay hello my name is Adam badowski from
s we delighted to bring the for of the
Nintendo I was just playing cyber Punk
it's actually really well for
the I think this actually look really
great on the switch 2 thanks to Nintendo
switch 2 you can transport yourself to
the City of Dreams at home or on the go
get ready to meet Unforgettable
characters and discover engaging stories
when cyberpunk 2077 Ultimate Edition
comes to Nintendo switch 2 on lunch date
wow mon wake the [ __ ] up
samurai oh
[ __ ] crazy this before
steam deck I'm really excited to playing
this on switch feels normal feels natur
I just like the form factor a lot better
on switch I know some people disagree
with me
but lots of people are making games for
switch to oh my God we're not going to
get silk song damn we got kunami oh [ __ ]
watch silk song appear in the sizzle
reel
oh they footed at the scissor reel
that's
awesome wait say something else cat say
whatever else you want right now I
spoken into existence twoo Museum
Wild okay s complete new
sequel
nipping for that yeah
[Applause]
yeah quick say bloodborne cat say
bloodborne REM princess yeah princess HD
let's
go what else can I speak into existence
this it's actually an underrated game no
no no underrated no perfectly rated no
very some would say
overrated zombie
you take too crazy saying bloodborne
bloodborne bloodborne in the sizzle reel
[Music]
this actually is going to be kind of
[Music]
cool of course fortnite got to be there
you got to say it course
yeah DC Universe Online where's it at oh
sick Ridge Racer it's not a real console
unless you have a rid racer at
launch I don't make the
rules seeing a professor L is really
[Applause]
cool okay fall flat too
[Music]
yeah a lot of games mik a lot of
games we had a really strong show and a
lot of
games last from the development partners
that's
like smash
te this doesn't look like Smash Brothers
Castlevania Resident Evil oh this might
be the new Castlevania yeah Crush sh
called it Greg Miller everybody
oh he's haunted
Mike he was drinking and this is I give
you his dead wife's hand as own my
blood it's been
born I give
you my
life
turn oh
wheel and transport
him to a night of
moonlight to Humanity's very
dusk Good Hunter
good for you
guys oh my God way oh [ __ ] this cannot
[Music]
be what is happening what is happening
get ready here it comes broft doing a
[ __ ] Castlevania what the [ __ ] is
going on putting bloodborn too this
cannot be real
what is
happening what the [ __ ] is happening
right now I think from is doing a
Castlevania that's what I
[Music]
believe waa what the [ __ ] is
that yeah this doesn't look like
bloodborne no not all looks like a
Castlevania game or something what I
don't even know what this is not night R
this might be a new game this is not
night R this is a new game this is a
brand new this is a brand new from
software
game all right it looks sick too holy
[ __ ] oh my god
wow dude this is every time you would
write what would be a great team up what
would be a great thing you know what IP
would you give to this develop I would
want Sony S Monica to make this like
what what the [ __ ] contemplate now the
moon as be fit the soon to
depart from it's very strong carry very
strong holy
[ __ ] oh my
God this is definitely a from software
game so you got multiple characters then
yeah the moon tears will flow for
one and one alone Long John man the
dust hell dude holy sh it's not
bloodborne 2
but how close can we get without
copyright
infringement Mouse is [ __ ]
up ah
2026 man they are turning out games over
there oh my
God holy
shlex I'm
sorry the director is
Miaki oh my God hell
so that's a huge deal insane
what a
get that is
unbelievable a game like this
Mario that Kirby Kirby cby oh yeah it's
a Kirby that was a
Kirby smash smash oh my God smash holy
[ __ ] this might be smash
do it
Kirby Kirby's air ride
too what the [ __ ] come
on yes oh more Cur God damn oh my God
[Music]
oh Kirby
cards had long last Kirby
cart Kirby air Kirby air ride how do you
keep doing this somebody in the chat
called it oh my
god
wow holy [ __ ] this is what he's making
instead of Smash holy [ __ ] 2025
[Music]
hero Sakura you can make I'm making
Kirby again
[Music]
rers this is a Mario ship
yeah Odyssey
2 Donkey Kong Donkey Kong oh my God yes
it's the Donkey Kong game oh my God dk64
spiritual successor let's go
oh is
Reb is so excited right now I'm so happy
for you right now Reb so happy for you
holy [ __ ] check this out oh wow DK 3D
plus it wasn't Mario it was Donkey Kong
or is it going to be the thing where
they do or is going to be Donkey Kong
across Mario like what you're talking
about his face looks amazing y'all yeah
he's just he's just T he's red fashtion
in this
place Crackdown
[Music]
damn it's Minecraft with these voxels
out here just breaking everywhere so it
wasn't a new Mario it was a Donkey
Kong so are we getting a new DK rap
that's all I want to know oh exactly
whole
family DK oh little 3D sections [ __ ]
yeah dude
dusk Bloods is a multiplayer
[Music]
game
banana oh
banana they don't have to be playable
but give me the dk64 crew you know
little
candles awesome
[Music]
Bonanza come on [ __ ] yeah come on that's
cool blessing and I are
thriving what the ju July there's no
17th month what the
the
patriarchy
capitalism dude that looked awesome that
looked
great astrobot Billings wish they could
you know [ __ ] shitty
bosses and
nintend nintend
tariffs are still happening we got to
figure it all out no listen man we don't
know what's going one day he says it's
happening the next day he says it's not
we committing to anything until we know
what the hell's going on you know what I
mean holy crap everybody catch your
about the price when it goes live on the
site yeah the website later today I'm
sure it's probably going momentarily
we'll be on and of course we we'll be
doing that gamescast right after this uh
everybody watching right now the more
than 10,000 of you watching across a
bunch of different platforms maybe even
15,000 of you all last check thank you
so much for tuning in remember of course
we are kind of funny we are live each
and every weekday on twitch.tv/ kindof
funny games and youtube.com/ kindof
funnygames we're live Talk Show Network
all about video games we usually do kind
of funny games daily to get you all the
nerdy news you need to know about
followed up with the Games cast talk
about the biggest topics reviews and
previews and games and then of course
stream some Gam for your amusement uh if
you're new around here please like
subscribe share so you don't miss when
we go live of course consider picking up
a kind of funny membership either on
YouTube or patreon.com kindafunny and of
course know that we love doing this with
you we are far from done today we have
seen it we have reacted to it and now
it's time to go game by game topic by
topic and break it all down on the kind
of funny gamescast which of course you
can watch us do live on Twitch you're
already there keep hanging out YouTube
there'll be a new link of course and
then if you're listening later on
podcast services around the globe on the
gamescast thank you so much for now we
will bid you a do and see you over on
the gamescast right away
[Music]