the arrival of the Nintendo switch 2 is
the start of a new era for Nintendo it's
a new console with new games to look
forward to and it seems like the perfect
time to look back at the iconic Nintendo
switch 1 it's the little handheld
Powerhouse that curd and it's a console
that WN a special place and a lot of our
hearts letting us play our games on road
trips on flights and waiting rooms or
even just kicking back in bed away from
the TV it released all the way back in
2017 with some all-time great first
party Nintendo games but for several
years it also became the place to play
indie games on cons with a huge amount
of ports leading to a stellar library of
indie games on the switch all of this
propelled the switch to over 130 million
Turtle sales making it Nintendo's second
best selling console ever more than the
legendary NES and Super Nintendo more
than the extremely viral Wii and in fact
it only loses out to its fellow handheld
the Nintendo DS which sold 150 million
across its many iterations eight years
on the switch's hardware is well past
its best with the Tigra X1 chip
struggling to run modern games even low
spec Nintendo titles like Zelda Echoes
of wisdom and even on the OLED model
that 720p screen can be hard on the eyes
all of that will of course be remedied
by the arrival of the switch 2 and as
the original switch comes to the end of
its life cycle this video will look back
across the console stored 7-year history
and highlight the indie games that I
think this console will be remembered
for the list I've arrived at is a
personal one I've chosen 30 games that I
love and rate highly that I think will
be synonymous with the switch era in my
memory for one reason or another there
are a couple of em missions here of
beloved games that you might raise your
eyebrow at so if your favorite game
isn't in this personal top 30 don't
freak out in the comments hold your
horses until the end of the video and
I'll have a little chat about why I
omitted some of those classic games you
might be hoping for I also want to give
a quick shout out to the podcast and
YouTube channel beat your backlog this
video was inspired partially by a guest
episode I was on recently talking about
switch Nostalgia and our best switch
memories it's an underrated Channel I
will flash a link up on the screen now
if you want to follow be your backlog
and see that episode with me and Adam
talking about our switch memories give
it a follow Adam is a really great dude
and beat your backlog is a great new
channel as always your likes are
appreciated you can sub to this channel
for more videos like this and I will let
you know about the Channel's patreon in
a bit and with that let's get into it
here are my top 30 indie games of the
original Nintendo
switch if you pay any attention to Indie
Games you will definitely have seen grff
it's a beautifully Illustrated light
platform game when I say light I mean it
it's very light on gameplay you run left
to right most of the time there are a
couple of abilities that you can get
like becoming heavy to fall through
things or anchor Against the Wind a
double jump and another late game
ability that I won't spoil here for
story reasons but I would say that this
is not a mechanically focused game it's
an emotional experience as your
character moves through the stages of
grief depicted here as abstract
environments with vast broken
architecture an alien Wildlife all
rendered in a distinctive flood of
watercolor paint NADA Studio won a lot
of awards for this game and it really
put them on the map the followup Nava
came out last year and while Nava up the
stakes with combat and set pieces I
think Gris remains purer somehow it's
more delicate it's more affecting it's a
wordless game that will make you feel
through the art and the silent narrative
and as you're basking in the colors and
The Surreal area designs there's just
about enough gameplay to keep you
occupied this is actually my
girlfriend's favorite video game that
I've shown her so far and I too found it
to be memorable and emotional so it
makes this list at number 30 that's
Gris at number 29 I have D romantic this
is a game that came out in late 2022
when the steam deck had just released
and it was starting to take hold this is
actually one of the last switch games
that I really put a lot of time into
before getting my RG Ally and it's a
low-key game but with 40 hours played I
think it deserves a place on this list
some games are just an easygoing good
time and that's what the switch accept
out in a way if you compare it to things
like Steam OS and windows the switch has
just got a more console like experience
because it is a console it starts up in
seconds your games are right there the
story is one button away it doesn't try
to do anything else other than serve you
games to play settings don't matter
because it's standardized hardware and
so it's the perfect place for pick up
and play cozy games and I'm not really
into the farming game side of things but
I am into Village Builders and this is a
village Builder where you get points for
matching the edges of tiles like Forest
water at grassland or houses and as you
match tiles they click together
satisfyingly and you get more tiles to
play and slowly but surely tile by a
tile a whole slice of Countryside grows
before your eyes there is a unique
satisfaction in seeing train networks
appear and three houses becoming a
thriving village with smoke coming from
the chimneys and there are a lot of
games like this out there there's
townscaper there's Islanders but this is
the one that hooked me the most because
there's an all important sense of
progression as you unlock new tiles it
doesn't feel aimless even if it is low
stakes I have 40 hours in this game
which I think says it all I never quite
jelled with cozy games like Animal
Crossing or Star Valley but I did gel
with this one this is my kind of cozy
game that's do
[Music]
romantic back before the Rog likee
Revival had fully kicked into gear a
couple of games with Trailblazers in
modernizing and reigniting the genre
motion twins dead cells was one of them
a tight ambitious 2D R Vania as The Debs
described it you play as the prisoner
who escapes from a deep dungeon and
battles their way through a cursed land
to ultimately slay its king it's a
procedurally generated game though so
the levels change from run to run and on
each run you collect cells which can be
used to unlock permanent upgrades like
potions Etc you can also collect
blueprints to upgrade your weapons and
the combat is slick and brutal you see a
selection of enemies ahead you quickly
plan your moves and then you try to
execute it as cleanly as possible
without taking damage because you are
definitely going to need all of that
health for the boss fights the game has
had a bunch of DLC over the years
including skins from classics like
Hollow Knight and Hyperlite Drifter it's
had new areas new enemies new bosses and
all of that adds some welcome variety
and while I do think that the Rog likee
formula has been built upon in the years
since by games like Rogue Legacy 2 and
Hades and so forth this is still a
classic in the genre I think it is
synonymous with the switch is a great
game and a switch classic that's dead
cells
[Music]
and at number 27 we have ape out this is
a colorful wild Oddball beat up it's a
topown game where you play as a gorilla
escaping from a laboratory you bash away
guards and scientists and they splatter
on the walls dramatically and it also
has this wild Jazz soundtrack that
responds to what's happening on screen
so you almost feel like a drummer and a
painter as you play this game
splattering enemies hearing the drums
clatter every time you do it also has a
great development story it was developed
by a student who was attending game
development classes at New York
University Bennett FY got involved and
Matt Bosch who was on The Faculty there
it was financed by the Indie fund and it
was published by devolver digital so
it's a true indie game that started
nowhere and finished being
internationally known it won a bafter
and a golden joystick for its audio
design and I really like this game I
think it's very deserving of all of that
success it has a sense of drama and
scale the gaml is tight it has this
great system of you not knowing what's
around Each corner until you turn it
you're always flying by the seat of your
pants if you're interested in Indie
Games there is nothing else quite like
this so give it a try it's right at home
on switch that's a
[Music]
out number 26 we have Paradise killer
this game has a setting that I've never
seen in a video game before it's set in
a kind of Miami VI meets HP Lovecraft
Seaside City it's an eternally sunny
island in an odd 80s inspired disco
tronica era but as well as all the
beaches the condos and marinas it's home
to a death cult that has recently
transcended this Mortal realm and a
council of gods who shephered the island
into being reborn every few Millennia
are the only people who remain so far so
complicated but there's more when the
council are all killed you are summoned
to solve The Impossible sealed room
murder you wander around the empty
streets past demon statues and blood
splash altars and blocks of flats and
you question the remaining Gods as they
hang around waiting for the end this
makes for some super enjoyable
exploration and investigation you gather
Clues and red herrings all over the
place you conduct interviews with the
subjects you cross-examine you try to
break Witnesses and eventually present
your findings to the all powerful judge
a fun thing about this whole system is
that you can accuse anyone you like of
the murders as long as you found
evidence to back it up true or false
it's a one-off game and a total Oddball
and I will say that although it's great
on switch a visually enhanced version
was released on Steam with better
Reflections textures effects Etc so even
though it's a narrative forward game if
you care about that stuff I'm just
putting that on your radar but wherever
you decide to play it I think you'll
have a good time really original game
that's Paradise
killer at number 25 I have Katana zero
the second devolver published joint on
this list and certainly not the last
this one was developed by Asis soft and
it's another fast action typ title where
you play as an amnesiac Samurai in an
odd near future world you wake up in
your tiny messy apartment then you head
out on a mission to try and remember who
you are these passages of play are the
main strand of the game where you work
your way through increasingly
complicated levels and the combat is
fast and brutal one hit and you die and
on the flip side one hit and you kill
you really have to look ahead and plan
your moves if you come into a situation
where there is a guard with a shield a
gunman and a swordsman in a tight office
space you have to know what you're going
to do and then you have to carry out to
perfection for example you might kick
open the door to take out the first
guard which alerts the rest you then
have to run forward stuck a bullet
bounce another bullet back with your
sword to take out a Samurai and then
Rush In And kill the final dude all of
this happens in seconds and when it goes
well it's very very satisfying if you
fail you just rewind you rethink your
strategy and you go again so cracking
each level is a lot of fun there is a
lot of fail and retry but I think it's
the good kind and while the action would
be enough for the game alone there is
also quite a good story here too you'll
talk to bizarre characters who know much
more about what's going on on than you
do you have to try and piece together
your character in their adult mind it is
ostensibly an action game but I do want
to complement that story too and
combined with the wonderful pixel art
the compelling Neo Noir sci-fi setting
great soundtrack and precision gameplay
this is just a winner all round wish
list it on your switch now that's Katana
[Music]
Zero from one John Wick style action
game to another 24th on this list is my
friend Pedro a surreal sidescrolling
shooter that UPS the anti even further
it has ambitious at times btic action as
you platform your way through cleverly
designed level using one stick for each
of your dual wielded guns this control
scheme makes for some incredible moments
like sliding down a zipline by your feet
in slow motion taking out crowds of
enemies and then landing on the ground
before their bodies have crumpled to the
floor sometimes enemies pour into the
play area from both sides and open
Windows above you leaving you with just
seconds to figure out a course of action
like a highspeed shootter up puzzle game
it's just intensely satisfying to play
from moment to Moment Like a steady
stream of interactive action movie Set
pieces there is a light Touch story here
to keep things flowing you are another
amnesiac protagonist Amnesia seems to be
an epidemic in video games huh you wake
up in the back of a butcher shop and you
battle your way out and then go into
Gangland with a banana called Pedro for
company the banana may or may not be a
hallucination of your damaged mind it's
a fun enough story but you're really
here for the action and if that sounds
good to you then don't miss this game
that's my friend Pedro
in the early days of the switch I used
to tweet out quite regularly asking
people to list their most underrated
indie games and one game came up more
than any other that was Battle Chef
Brigade it's a strange one it's a
mixture of cooking action and social Sim
elements but when I started playing it I
got the hype immediately in this world
battle chefs are big celebrities who are
revered for their ability to take down
monsters then cook up all the parts into
experimental cuisine in this game you
play as Mina a talented small town girl
who tries out the battle Chef Academy
you get a bedroom to sleep in you can
talk to your land lady your fellow
students and your teachers and then you
go to class we have to do some battle
chefing this part is an interesting mix
of gameplay you're standing on a stage
in front of a stove there are Judges and
one competitor that you're chefing
against you will run out of stage left
into a forest where you hunt down
animals for meat and harvest fruit and
things like that you then race back to
the stove to add them to your dish to
make recipes for the judges this is
where a puzzle game element comes in as
you matched colors on different
ingredients to get the kind of flavor
profiles you're looking for it's super
fun and satisfying it's a wonderfully
produced game it has a lovely fresh art
style with illustrations that were
clearly made with love it has a nice
soundtrack some great inter classmate
politics and it's a really nice length
too clocking in at about 10 hours it
also got some DLC with new characters to
play as local multiplayer and free play
cooking mode and loads more besides I
feel like this is one of the true
underrated gems of the switch Indie
Library so check it out if you haven't
already that's battle Chef Brigade
number 22 is Eastward and I came to this
game late I remember being transfixed by
the pixel art Graphics when it first
came out but I was put off by the
reviews that said it was too long that
it was padded that it was dialog heavy
and I didn't get a review code for it so
in the end I skipped it it took an
article in Lost in Cults magazine lock
on to get me back on board the article
talked about the inspiration from cowon
W City where residents would walk with
umbrellas even when it wasn't raining to
deflect pipe water from above where
unlicensed doctors concocted homemade
remedies with locally grown moss and
where city blocks had local Cuisines not
found anywhere else so the article
talked me into the game and I'm so happy
that it did it's ostensibly a Zelda
likee it has pixel art it has combat NPC
side quest and inventory but this game
is more than the sum of its parts it has
some magic amongst the pixels there is a
really specific vibe to the dripping
tenements the Stacked trailers one on
top of the other the train from the
underground to the bright Outdoors the
make do and menend of it all there are
trailer wires repurposed bus stops and
Frankenstein antennas all piled on top
of each other and it's a road trip game
too where you pass through areas but you
never stop giving you a whirlwind tour
kind of feel this isn't the last Zelda
likee on this list but it is in some
ways the most memorable just a beautiful
game so don't make the mistake that I
did check this one out if you haven't
already it's a really wonderful game
that's
Eastwood and at number 21 we have the
only only rhythm game on this list I'm
not a huge rhythm game fan traditionally
but when melatonin was first shown off
at a Nintendo Direct 2022 I jumped
straight into it it has Rhythm Heaven
inspired gameplay where songs play and
repetitive graphic motions happen on the
screen you hit key inputs in time with
the music and the animation in
increasingly complex sequences and then
your performance is rated at the end of
each level if you do medium well you can
progress but there's always that little
itch at the back of your mind telling
you to try again play just a little bit
tighter and it prove your rank to a gold
or an S rank on the board the art style
and the music are a big selling point in
melatonin as well it has this fresh
Vapor wave palette pinks and purples I
think will date it nicely to the early
2020s the same goes for the music which
is like lowii beats to play to the
subjects are kind of related to our
times too they kind of millennial
anxiety dreams about social media
posting doing a repetitive job swiping
on a dating app grabbing eggs from GAA
machines playing video games late at
night and after each set of levels you
get a Mega mix at the end where you need
to remember all of the different inputs
and timings that you've learned it all
has this dreamlike quality as your
protagonist hovers on the edge of sleep
between levels it's really good stuff
and if this one passed you by first time
around if I remember right I think it
came out in December when everyone was
already thinking about games of the year
time so I'm not sure that this game
found as big an audience as it could
have but hey it's right here in my best
switch Indies list which is all about
games that we'll associate with the
switch ERA this is one of them that's
melatonin
[Music]
that takes us into the top 20 and death
store and tunic came out in the same
year and they kind of neatly divided the
indie game crowd some liked tunics
esoteric puzzles and souls like
difficulty others preferred the more
downto Earth story and gameplay of death
store I fell firmly into the latter Camp
so it's death store that makes my list
but hey if you're on the tunic side of
the tracks then feel free to make the
case for that game in the comments death
store is a game where you play as a
whole humble little crow who works in
the bureaucracy of the afterlife but
when a simple Soul collection job goes
wrong you're tasked with heading out
into a Lial afterlife realm to try and
fix what happened the journey takes you
through some truly memorable areas like
a labyrinthine graveyard full of secrets
a swampy shanty town area with a hostile
Frog King a ceramic Manor home of the N
witch an eventually a chilly Mountaintop
Castle as well I would say there are
elements of Metroid Vania and Zelda here
there are blood gated combat Arenas
you'll need to pass there's a skill tree
with multiple weapons that you can learn
and endearing Alice and Wonderland
inspired characters the vibe is very
much a Dusty fairy tale in a strange
forgotten place and it's helped Along by
striking visuals and a haunting score to
match best of all you can finish it in
under 10 hours so it's a single weekend
kind of game just a lovely little
package all around this one that's death
store
this next one is for everyone out there
who's waiting for silk song and if the
view count on my video about why silk
song is taking so long is anything to go
by that's a lot of you but this is a
vastly underrated Indie gam imagine if
Hollow Knight had a kid brother a tinier
cuter goofier game but basically made of
the same stuff that's Haiku the robot a
solo Dev project that's small but
perfectly formed it's a Sci-Fi Metroid
Vania with a Game Boy style color
palette I really like the Simplicity of
these lovingly made Graphics in this
game you play as Haiku who is born from
a little machine POD at the start of the
game he's an amnesiac protagonist no
less maybe the third or fourth we've had
in the video you step out and you start
exploring a super intriguing posthuman
underground you fall down a giant trash
shoot into a big pile of rubbish and
then you start to explore there are
factories there were ruins and more and
you'll slowly piece together what
happened to this world and what it might
become next being a Metroid Mania of
course there's skills that unlock new
areas and being a post Hollow Knight
game you'll find some quizzical
interesting in characters to talk to
along the way I had a really really good
time with this game the map was good
enough to get me where I needed to be
the combat was fun the puzzles were good
and I saw credits in about 10 hours
again I don't think that good games have
to be long or complicated and this game
is neither it does everything it needs
to do and it does it well so if you're
waiting for the Feast of silk song think
of this game as a canop to keep you
amused in the meantime that's Hau the
robots
[Music]
I'm a sucker for cyber Punk settings and
few games on the switch did it better
than Ruiner a brutal isometric brawler
with a kickass setting in 2091 renock in
this game you play as let's see if you
can guess I'll say it together now yep
an amnesiac protagonist you're a
mercenary controlled by a hacker called
wizard who sent you to take down a crime
Lord simply called boss your character
has a screen for a face and it flashes
up Kill Boss B repeatedly and read text
as if that's your single overriding
thought but Midway through the mission a
hacker called her breaks into your brain
christens you puppy and tells you that
something else entirely is going on your
brother has been kidnapped and you need
to stop what you're doing and go and
rescue him this starts you off on a
rampage through the renok underworld I
like that there was a really cool block
of the city that acts as a hub section
that you can return to between missions
you can walk around and take it all in
before heading out into the missions to
plow through Gangland Factory and
corporate facilities there are of course
different skills and weapons but the
thing that stood out to me is an
Innovative skill tree where you can
re-root power to different aspects of
your character at any time this means
that you're not locked into your choices
and if you're struggling in a hard boss
fight you can change up your skills and
your build entirely I had a couple of
really satisfying moments where a boss
that felt impossible started to feel
manageable just because I had re-rooted
power to a different kind of weapon or
ability while the gaml is fun it was the
aesthetic of this one that when me over
that screen face based protagonist just
looks cool as hell the characters are
just what I wanted them to be and the
world is a junk filled neon cyber Punk
nightmare there were even some side
quests to enjoy allowing you to walk
around and soak it all in this is a
really cool game so cool in fact that
Universal have bought up the movie
rights and it's now in production as a
film so play it now you can be a hipster
later and say that you were there before
it was cool that's ruiner
[Music]
at number 17 we have a much more
wholesome proposition it's the Wild at
Heart developed by Moonlight kids and
published by Humble games this one is
very much at home on the switch because
it's deeply Nintendo inspired in the
best possible way it has elements of
Pikmin in the sprit Lings that you
collect little packs of creatures that
follow you around that you can use for
puzzles and so forth it has elements of
Luigi's Mansion with your Dust Buster
vacuum pack and it has elements of both
Zelda and Metroid in the top down gated
exploration
style of the map it's also a memorable
forest fairy tale with a gorgeous
handdrawn art style and a hypnotic
melodic Amos Ry soundtrack you play as a
kid who runs away from home and finds
themselves in the Deep Woods where a
group called The Green Shields have been
struck by a forgetting condition their
knowledge is drifting away as a Darkness
creeps over the world and you're tasked
with finding the lost green shield who
are just wanding out there who will then
return to the herb and open up new shops
and skills for you I love a game where
you're putting the old gang back
together and it was really fun exploring
this deep forest the washed out gray
beaches the purple fungal caves and the
chilly mountains unlocking new types of
sprit Lings was always really fun CU you
can go back and do loads of stuff you
couldn't do before and all of the
characters you meet feel like they've
leapt from the pages of some kind of
Nordic Fable there's a really cool day
night cycle as well with different
abilities you learn that help you get
through the night this is one of the
best Zelda likes that I've played so
strap on your backpack switch on your
torch and head into the Deep Woods of
the Wild at Heart
[Music]
that takes us to number 16 and I think
that some viewers out there might be
thinking what the hell are all these
Oddball indie games where are the big
Indie hits that I know and love and I
want to see on this list well some of
them are certainly coming but this is
one more for the wish list if you
haven't played it already it's a really
unique game by inle and it's called
Heaven's vault in this game you play as
a space archaeologist and Ling TST who
embarks on a missing person case when a
fellow academic falls off the map the
case takes you out traveling between
planets on a Tristy ship looking for
Clues along the way you'll find some
intriguing historical sites where you
try to decipher the mysteries of this
deep storyed Dusty Galaxy this involves
literally decoding what texts might mean
you have to learn to recognize alien
looking letters or try and extrapolate
What sentences might mean from your
initial guesses you'll finally get some
of your words confirmed and it will all
start to come together you can visit an
astral University to learn new letters
from Scholars you can buy Black Market
antiques to look for engraved Clues and
you can delve into Eerie forgotten
catacombs in search of finds that nobody
has touched for eons and even though
you're looking for a missing person what
you end up doing is uncovering some deep
secrets that could change this place
forever because this is an inkle game it
supports failure as a valid outcome in
fact if you rush through the game and
you can't translate the chunky final
texts you can play through again and
keep your Lexicon with you this allows
you to make different choices to fill
out your dictionary and to find out
what's really happening I would say if
you like the scenes in Indiana Jones
where he's blowing the dust out of Sandy
carvings and translating ancient texts
this game will give you that fantasy the
writer John ingold has even published a
two-part novelization of the game if
you're hungry for more that's Heaven's
[Music]
fault we're halfway through this top 30
now and the stakes about to raise
considerably the next four games all
titles that might top someone else's
list at number 15 I have play Deads
inside a creepy wordless Journey that
were many Game of the Year Awards when
it first released in 2016 as you might
note that is before the switch released
but hey this is my personal list and
this game dropped on switch in 2018
that's when I played it I associate it
with the switch and so I've squeezed it
in here and you know unique is an
overused phrase when it comes to
describing games but I think the inside
really is unique in this game you play
as a little boy in a red shirt who is
running through a forest from left to
right you creep between giant trees and
Slither through streams avoiding
snapping guard dogs and men with torches
and cars that seem to be searching for
you you move into dark industrialized
spaces where very bad things are
happening drawing closer and closer to
the Final Act let me just say that final
Act is quite dark and twisted and
surreal you shouldn't eat your dinner
right before playing it but gross out
Factor aside this game tells a
horrifying story that's open-ended and
satisfying at the same time and that's a
hard tight drop to walk I think this
game felt right playing on a handheld 2
that's
[Music]
inside my comment section has popped off
before about my placement of Hades in
the best games of the 2020s video that I
made a couple of weeks ago and I guess
they will again on this one but I think
14th is the right spot for me for Hades
this is the Godlike Rog likee from super
giant in which you play zagas the son of
Hades who is in intent on breaking out
of the underworld he's going in search
of his missing mother pany which
involves working your way up to ground
level through four biomes of Hell these
levels always come in the same order
which I found a little bit syy but
because it's a Rog likee there is some
variation involved you get different
weapons you get randomly generated booms
from the gods of Olympus and these BS
can change everything you get Splash
damage from Poseidon you can get woozy
status effects from Aphrodite you can
get wintry powers from Dita and so forth
the combat is incredible incredibly fast
and Slick it's going to be some of the
best top- Down video game combat ever it
really rewards aggression and high-speed
gameplay it's pretty harder than
beginning to when the odds are
impossible you'll die retry and die
again but each time you'll reborn
stronger with some more story unlocks
Back In The House of Hades which is an
excellent herb that opens up gradually
over time and along the way you'll
encounter orus and uicy sisifus and his
Boulder the Minotaur Cerberus many other
characters from Greek mythology you know
super giant always shines in all aspects
it's the art the writing the music and
the gameplay but for me this is the most
normal feeling of their games I like it
when they swing big creatively so P
remains my favorite super giant game but
Hades is nevertheless a stone cold
classic there's no two ways about it and
who knows there might be one more super
giant game on this list but for now
that's
[Music]
Hades speaking of Stone Cold Classics
how about slay the Spire my 13th placed
game on this best indie games on the
switch this is the card game that set
the world on fire and paved the way for
an explosion in the rogu likee deck
builder genre that's still going on
today it's a card battling Rog likee
with a multitude of builds that differ
from run to run and there's a push pull
to the combat where you can play Attack
cards but you can also see what your
enemy is going to do so you know how
much you have to play in defense as well
it's a tug of war combat style that
never really gets old there are all
kinds of enemies with devious abilities
to crack your build wide open but you
also unlock new cards as you progress
that allow for different play Styles
there are also scores of artifacts you
can pick up that alter things in
interesting ways I have over 100 hours
in this game and I played it on switch
but when it came out for iOS it was kind
of fatal it works very very well on a
touch screen it's a dangerous game to
have in your pocket before long you'll
have set the speed to high and you'll be
dragging and dropping your cards with
intuitive ease there are also three
characters to play each with different
moves and a play style of their own and
should you ever actually manage to slay
the Spire the sequel is going into Early
Access this year this is just a
brilliant game it's a genuine landmark
in the Rog likee deck building genre
let's slay the
Spire at number 12 I have far loan sales
a quintessential switch indie game for
me this is a devoutly artistic game made
by the small team okom motive it picked
up a cult following it got some critical
recognition and then a fandom and then
some indie game awards the sequel
launched straight onto Game Pass and
okom motives next game hurdling looks
like another big leap but that Journey
wouldn't have started without a strong
first step and far loone sails is the
vehicular traversal game started it all
rolling in this game you play as a tiny
person in a giant world at the start of
the game you set out from your house
where you're standing at a gravestone
then you embark on a journey on a giant
Slow Rolling vehicle making it go means
Fanning the Flames of the Furnace
venting steam when the pressure gets too
high adding fuel that you hop out and
pick up along the way raising the sail
to use the wind and lowering it in a
storm sometimes even literally pulling
the truck along when the going gets
tough vehicle becomes a home and a
character in the game in itself and as
we roll through a broken down flooded
wrecked abandon landscape it's up to us
to piece together what might have
happened here it's a short game clocking
in at just a couple of hours but it left
a big impression on me I'll never forget
those moments where the pressure of
running the vehicle suddenly eases the
wind blows strong the engine is cool the
camera zooms out and you just Tak in the
churning Starlet sky above listening to
Joel shock's gorgeous math folk
soundtrack after the intensity of the
moment to moment getting the vehicle to
move it felt like a big reward it was a
moment of Peace In A busy life that's
far loone
sales I foreshadowed my number 11 pick
in the Hades section but Hades is
actually my third favorite super giant
game second toaya is transist an ornate
High sci-fi story with music at its
heart you play as a club singer called
red in the Sci-Fi city of cloudbank and
when her lover is killed at one of her
concerts by a cabal called the camarada
he becomes imprisoned in a great sword
that red then carries with her this is
the transistor and he talks to her on
the journey you move through various
areas of the city on a quest for answers
and revenge and it's a really amazing
place to experience there is a deep well
of law to read if you want to the art
deco style has a certain ease about it
the music is just Lush and it has a
turn-based combat system with some
innovative effects like pairing
abilities to create hundreds of
different outcomes and having to change
up your most used abilities when they
overheat and going to a cool down for a
few battles so it forces you to think on
your feet it's just a lush sultry
enticing kind of game with a lot going
on behind the scenes and while Hades is
clearly more accomplished in gameplay
terms transistor far out strips it in
style and story and Melancholy and
Imagination I guess making lists like
this makes me reveal what I really value
in games because it's the intensely
artistic trans resist that comes in 11th
in my best ever switch Indie
[Music]
Games just before we break into the top
10 it's time for a brief intermission if
you're still watching here I'm going to
guess that you're a huge fan of indie
games and I want to give you some good
news there is a community of like-minded
people waiting for you in the gaming in
the wild Patron Discord it's the nicest
corner of the internet to hang out and
talk about games away from the disaster
that is the game of internet and social
media we have game Discovery Channels we
have playalongs we have channels to
discuss forthcoming and new releases and
lots more besides I'm in there every day
and there's lots of nice people there
too you're welcome to come and join the
fun Yourself by hopping into the patreon
any tier from1 up to 10 if you can spare
it small channels like mine hardly make
any money from YouTube Revenue so viewer
support actually means everything every
new Patron allows me to spend more time
making videos for you all and I try hard
to make being a patron worth your for a
while there are 15 bonus podcasts there
are blogs about how I make the videos
there's behind the scenes content
creation chat and of course the Discord
Community which is a genuine alternative
to social media so jumping into the
patreon from just a dollar a month gets
you all that and more I'd like to say a
big thank you to my recently joined
patrons Pascal James chakote Ariel and
Lee and a big thank you to my boss tier
patrons Hollow and shy guy as always the
link is on the screen now if you want to
join and with that let's get on with the
video
[Music]
at number 10 we have chory a colorful
tail and I think indie games that pay
tribute to Nintendo feel especially
right on the switch there's something
nice about indie games that wear their
heart on their sleeve games that are
clearly made by people who like many of
us grew up loving Nintendo chory is one
search game it takes the 2D Zelda
formula of a map that's cut into to four
sections gated by abilities that you
pick up along the way with different
biomes different enemies and buses to
face and so forth so it's a really
comfortable play but it also adds a lot
of interesting stuff to the mix in this
game you live in a black and white world
where an artist Laurier is tasked with
coloring in the world and when the
artist of the moment Falls depressed
they hand their magical brush to the
cleaner that is us a humble naive
innocent puppy who steps out in the
world to try and help chory but in
practice this means they quickly end up
becoming the brush wield of themselves
and you know Zelda has never had a very
deep story for me at least I know
there's law there but the story itself
is usually that we save a princess and
defeat an evil wizard again and again
and again chory layers on some Modern
sensibilities in a way that Nintendo
rarely tries to it's a game about
creative confidence personal strength
and weakness and depression how we can
think ourselves into a hole and how we
can need help to dig ourselves out so
while it's a silly cute game you get to
Splash paint around on screen and make
terrible slapsticks Ms paint artworks
that will go up on gallery walls the
story also has layers and it rings true
I think this is a rare and special game
and that's why it's at number 10 on my
best switch Indies list that's chory a
colorful
[Music]
tail if slaver Spire slammed the doors
open for roguelike deck builders it was
the hulking batro that walked on through
next I've said it before and I'll say it
again but I think this is the best
digital card game of all time the amount
of Joker combinations the deck
permutations the card Transformations
it's an astoundingly intricate rub
Goldberg machine where you kind of build
a machine in every single run that works
in a different way there is an
astounding amount of builds you can make
in this game that gives it a certain
feeling of endlessness that I've never
felt before in a deck builder I have
over 100 hours in this game and I've
never once felt like I'm grinding like I
did in slay the Spire for example one
early weird Joker pul can still lead me
into a kind of deck that I haven't fully
gred before this is the card game to end
all card games it's sold Millions it's
won awards on the biggest stages in
gaming it is an indie game Legend that
was born before our very eyes last year
when it catapulted out of steam nextfest
and became a worldwide sensation if you
haven't played it yet then I guess you
still have 100 hours that I don't have
that you may be spent on picnics or in
nightclubs or having dinners with
friends or becoming ripped or whatever
people do spending their time but hey
Jump On In anyway the water is warm no
regrets that's
[Music]
lra and if chory tugs on your
heartstrings then Spirit farer straight
Yanks them this is a truly gorgeous
indie game in which you run a ship that
feres the living to the afterlife that
might sound innocuous enough but man
this game is an emotional one because
the thing is when you're fing these
creatures to the end of their life you
really get to know them on the way you
get to know their stories you get to
know their histories whether it's
playing the part of a daughter to an old
lady whose memory has left her working
through the feelings of someone who is
heading onwards to the Afterlife with
their broken heart still unresolved or
unraveling the stories of people who
seem initially dodgy but become
increasingly tragic each passenger has a
meaningful story and the moment when you
take them to the evor and hug them
goodbye will leave even the hardest
hearted game player with a lump in their
throat there is a great game in here too
you sail between islands with towns to
explore you fish for resources cut down
trees you upgrade your boat you can
arrange and improve cabins and
Facilities stacking them on top of each
other for easier access you can catch
shooting stars from the night sky and go
fishing its Sunset the resource
management is made enjoyable by the
sense of purpose that I felt in this
game I even did some farming in this one
without complaining it's a wonderful
game it's a must play it's an iconic
indie game that was just perfect for the
switch that's Spirit farer
at number seven we have citizen sleeper
now I love Sci-Fi games with deep worlds
great stories that can transport me out
of my own world for a while games where
you kind of wake up after a session and
realize that you were completely
immersed in what was happening on the
screen citizen sleeper is one such game
it's a dice rolling RPG where you play
as a sleeper that is a replica human
consciousness injected into a robot body
to work off debt while the original
sleeps in suspended animation plot twist
sleepers feel like slaves and they try
to escape this servitude you are a
sleeper that did just that and you've
washed up on Erin's eye a storyed space
station and a self-contained world of
its own as a refugee you're in a
precarious position and each morning you
can roll dice and choose where you want
to spend them you can plug a six into a
dangerous task for an auto win you can
spend your ones and twos sunbathing to
harvest light as energy maybe you can
spend your threes and fours trying to
find the insulin like drug your body
needs to continue existing or tugging on
the threads of the various stories and
there were quite a few stories to follow
like following in the footsteps of a
sleeper who got here before you trying
to forge contacts in the Underworld that
can keep you housed and safe or trying
to delve into the deeper systems of
Erin's eye and seeing what lies at the
foundations that the station was built
upon it's an amazingly deep world it's
emotional sensitively written and it's a
surprisingly addictive video game You'll
Play Just One More cycle for hours at a
time the sequel that came out this year
is a worthy companion piece that you can
play if you want more and I'd also say
that Gareth Damen Martin's first game in
other waters was in several drafts of
this list so be sure to check out those
games as well but citizen sleeper is the
game that's seventh on my best switch
Indies
list at number six we have Hyperlite
Drifter now heart machine have become a
world famous Indie Studio that's worked
with Anna perner on solar an Fashion
devolver on the forthcoming possessors
this in addition to working on their
worryingly longin development and still
not very fun somehow MMO Hyperlite
breaker but it all started with the
excellent Hyperlite Drifter it's a top-
down pixel art game with hard as Nails
combat a thrilling resonant desolate
world to explore a gorgeous cynthy
disasterpiece soundtrack and that all
important Alex Preston signature
aesthetic we have an ill protagonist who
seems to have a tenuous hold on life
with visions of blood dark ghosts he
coughs up blood even after Victory and
feels both powerful and yet fragile in
the world and I always think of this
game as one of the faces on the Indie
Mount Rushmore a game that everyone has
played surely I'm always having
conversations with very well- read
Gamers who skipped it for some reason
they bounced they didn't get around to
it and I'm always so surprised I mean
this game is an absolute classic I mean
I will freely admit that it took me a
while to master it the bosses will wreck
you you can walk in any direction you
can feel lost it is a wall of difficulty
that you have to walk walk through but
if you persevere and find your way in
and eek out the powerups to get stronger
bosses that once felt impossible
suddenly feel attainable and I don't
like intentionally hard games as I often
say isn't life hard enough you know but
something about the vulnerability and
vision of this game captured me I'm so
glad that I played it and it was the
perfect switch in the play it if you
haven't that's high poite Drifter
I've said before that games don't have
to be long to be good and I stand by
that thoroughly with this next pick
because my fifth favorite indie game of
all time on the switch is a short hike
this is a game that you can finish in
just under an hour if you really try but
speedrunning this game is just not the
way to play you should read the room
slow your roll and spend a bit of time
taking it all in to rushing straight to
the end in this game you play is CLA a
young Bird on a summer vacation at Hawk
Peak National Park an island where your
Aunt May is a ranger people here hang
out in the summer they Camp they climb
they swim and they chill they paint
landscape paintings from viewpoints they
play Beach stick ball on the beach and
sometimes they climb to the top of Hawk
Peak the mountain in the center of the
island it's a sunny day when CLA
tentatively starts that hike but she
starts to pick up steam along the way
she gathers golden feathers that lets
her climb higher and glide for longer
she finds a shovel to dig up cash and
buy useful things there are side quests
to do and people to meet you can even
find hot springs that rejuvenate your
energy along the climb eventually you
can make your way to the top of the
mountain and maybe find out why CLA has
been sad the whole time this game is
just a joy it's a breath of fresh air
it's innocent heartfelt funny and
Charming it feels uncynical and Earnest
but also R and self-aware seems like a
game that was made for the love of
making games and as I've said before it
evokes the feeling of a walk on a
summer's day where you have nowhere to
be and you just waft out of the house
walk into the warm air follow your nose
that's what this game feels like it's a
little holiday in video game form it's
number five on this list that's a short
hike and you might have noticed by now
the emotional impact is a running theme
in the games I've picked for my list
it's something that I value a lot and
that is double true for cyanara wild
Hearts it's another game with a Flawless
aesthetic a sense of joyous exuberance
super enjoyable arcadey gameplay play
and a story of heartbreak that really
hits home hard by the finale at the
start of this game our protagonist
suffers heartbreak and she slips into
the deep neon of her internal world she
races through levels that seem to
represent the different stages of grief
perhaps or getting over heartbreak we
have empty cities where she races
against a masked antagonist we have a
forest where she chases a deer while the
ground seems to crumble beneath her feet
the game play changes from level to
level but generally it has some cocktail
of an endless Runner a rail shooter and
a collector Thon when you race in this
game you usually just control the
direction so it's about avoiding
obstacles and finding pickups like tarot
cards that will give you crumbs of
poetry but you can also get silver gold
and S ranks adding replay ability as you
try and polish off the levels and
perfect your scores each level also has
a lush Scandinavian pop track that it's
built around think the knife but less
haunted it's just a surreal and
beautiful game it has classic arcade
gameplay dusted with contemporary style
and Magic it made me cackle with Glee it
brought tears to my eyes it's a
wonderful game that's cyanara wild
[Music]
Hearts from bright neon to pitch black
we are now in the top three and the next
game was my game of the year in 2022
it's a card game that is more than meets
the eye it is inscription by Daniel
Mullins the maker of the hex in Pony
Island now this game is an oddity in
many ways it's a firstperson card game
for a start we look across the the table
at two beady eyes looking back you can
get up and walk around the room and find
safes and clocks and skulls and puzzles
you might even uncover a new card and
that card might just start talking to
you at the heart of this one there is
quite a brilliant deck builder based on
a game Jam game called sacrifices must
be made you start by laying squirrel
cards which you can then sacrifice to
lay Elks and wolves and bees and so
forth you can find ways to bloodly hack
different cards together you'll find
tools that you can use increasingly
horrible ways to get through a sticky
encounter and all of the while you're
getting closer to the root of the
mystery who are you where are you and
who are you playing cards against of
course I won't spoil any of those
answers but suffice to say this game is
not afraid to pull the rug from under
your feet it is a rabbit hole that keeps
going and going is a game that sent
shivers down my spine and ultimately
left me reeling at how Wild a story it
spins this isn't audacious ambitious
unpredictable indie game this is one you
simply cannot skip even if you don't
think you're a deck builder person just
trust me on this one it's a game with a
story and mechanics that will thrill
anyone that's interested in games it's
number three on my best switch Indies
ever that's
[Music]
inscription Kentucky roote zero is a
game I've talked about a lot on this
channel it haunts the edges of my
imagination it's like a mood unto its
myself or a place I dreamed of once it's
a game that isn't trying to be a game in
any of the ways we traditionally think
of there's no reaction time or lateral
thinking to solve puzzles or skill
Improvement or powering up over time
there are no lives no points no
inventory it's a freeing journey through
a mysterious underworld and you're just
along for the riots the question isn't
whether you will win it's whether you
can understand what the game is doing
and whether you can receive the gift
it's trying to give this is a game made
by artists and it's an artwork as search
as much as it is a game but quibbling
over definitions is really not that
interesting especially when we could be
talking about journeying on the Zero
it's a magical underground where lost
souls come to try and flourish beneath
the long roots of the society above we
meet playwrights painters and travelers
lost musicians lost children lost souls
we watch plays and concerts we read
books worth of dialogue we play
experimental text Adventures built by
people who live in giant underground
cave networks we watch EXP experimental
TV we travel down a ghostly river
through a bat Sanctuary to a place where
things end the whole game happens in the
course of one long night but it feels
like years if you do play this game if
you haven't already then try and slow
down and open your racing mind see if
you can receive what the game is trying
to give to you cuz it's something very
special it's number two on my best
switch Indies of all time it's Kentucky
rot zero
that brings us to the top of the list I
think that people who watch the channel
regularly or listen to the weekly
podcast Link in the description for that
by the way they're probably wondering
what's happened here why has John not
put Kentucky R zero number one has the
Earth becomes Square are cats living
peacefully with dogs well in this video
specifically I'm talking about indie
games and the switch and there is an
indie game that I think defines the
switch as a console in a way that
nothing else does that game is hollow
night the sprawling team Cherry
Masterpiece Metroid Vania it first
released on Steam to limited a claim at
the time but when it launched on switch
it somehow went stratospheric selling
Millions upon millions of copies and
becoming a legend in its own right this
game is a piece of magic it is a
sprawling underworld and we start at the
top just a small insignificant shell in
the town of dirt mouth but as we delve
ever deeper slowly but surely and with
many deaths along the way start to
uncover something huge this game too
gives the feeling of a magical
underworld in a very different way to
Kentucky rero here it's a vast dead Hive
with husks of insects alive still
somehow it's a culture ravaged by
something and we all need to get to the
bottom of that but there are survivors
to meet along the way there are
tricksters and Innocents and evils and
the sheer scale of the hall Nest the
ornate art The Haunting score all
combined to make it an unforgettable
journey into the unknown for for the
record this game is hard as hell it
really pushed me to my limits and passed
them and it's packed with secrets that
will take completion above 100%
interestingly the final part is
literally called the path of pain so be
ready for that and even as you struggle
through the hard yards of those early
hours know that it is worth it for me
this is a game that was inspired by
Metroid but really does eclipse the
source material so on a Nintendo console
what greater compliment can there be
really it's an all-timer it's a legend
it's just a beautifully crafted thing
that is hollow KN my number one indie
game ever on the Nintendo switch but
stick around now and let's talk about
some of the games that I didn't
[Music]
pick now I can already imagine what's
going on in the comments section so I
want to finish with some belived games
that you might have been expecting to
see here that just didn't make my
personal list maybe they're not
favorites of mine maybe I didn't get
around to playing them maybe they don't
perform well on this console
specifically so if your favorite switch
game is in this section then please
don't shout at me about it just tell me
why you love it in the comments I love
hearing people being passionate about
their favorite games and if you're still
watching this video I guess you do too I
want to mention a couple of games that
weren't the right fit for the switch
Hardware these are great games that are
best played elsewhere if you have the
option if the switch is your only option
then give them a whir cuz they're all
fantastic but at least you'll be
forewarned about the issues outer Wilds
is an all-timer that was simply too big
for switch disco elesium has some epic
low times that make it drag stray loses
the enticing graphical Fidelity and
effects that really made that world pop
solar Ash and the pathless trade on Fast
fluid moment that just didn't translate
to the switch and this next one is a
little painful it's my 2024 goatee 1,000
times resist which many people in the
Discord said had issues on switch with
stuttering and crashes now please do
play those other games anywh you can
even if that is the switch but you're a
little for wararmed about the technical
issues and if you have the option of a
steam deck or a computer or another
console that's the place to play finally
I want to talk about Celeste a game that
is synonymous with the switch it's a
classy pixel art Precision platformer
that a lot of people love to death the
big heart and the powerful story but it
was just too hard for me I couldn't play
it I Quit a few worlds in it just
frustrated me too much so it's not here
I also skipped the AY games a pair of
iconic Metroid veers with Lush deep 2.5d
Graphics challenging bosses tight
platforming and a nice m molic pixel
feel but I already had Haiku the robot
and Hollow Knight on the list and I like
them more honestly so I bumped these
Metroid veners for something else
finally starw Valley you know with 7.9
million copies sold on switch it's the
biggest selling Indie on the console I
played 9 to 10 hours of it and I kind of
burned out on the loop I just don't gel
with farming games man so yeah no stardy
sorry about it a couple of others that
I've just never played you know I'm just
one person so I haven't played
everything I haven't played Shovel
Knight I haven't played Return of the
oen cuphead or enter the gunon at least
not long enough to play as here if you
think I should really really play one of
those games and it might change my list
around then tell me which one tell me
why maybe I'll get to it soon and with
that I'm going to round up this epic
YouTube video I hope that you've enjoyed
it I hope it was a walk down memory lane
I hope that maybe you found a game you
haven't played before to put on your
wish list and maybe if you heard about
games that you too love that it was a
fun experience for you I will finish by
saying that if you've watched to the
very end then please do join the patreon
I will flash a link up on the screen now
sub to the channel for more like this
give it a like share it with a friend
and I will see you on the next one
thanks for watching and bye for now
[Music]