we are less than two weeks away from the
full reveal of the Nintendo switch 2 how
much is it going to cost when are we
going to play it what will the launch
games be it's time to make our final
predictions for what we will learn on
the Nintendo Direct coming on April 2nd
coming right up right
[Music]
now welcome back to next gen console
watch our show following the latest
gaming Hardware I'm Jamon Hatfield and
this week I'm joined by my fellow Omega
cop Sam
Clayborn what's up Watchers Ryan
mcaffrey host of podcast unlock is here
ay and Max coille host of podcast beyond
hey how's it going and we're now just
two weeks away from the full reveal of
the Nintendo switch 2 in January we got
a first look trailer which showed off
the form factor and confirmed a lot of
leaked information like the magnetic
joycons and heavily hinted at the mouse
functionality but now Nintendo has a
full direct coming on April 2nd
dedicated to switch 2 where we're bound
to get a lot more information not least
of which is the price and release date
so it's time to render our final
predictions ahead of that Nintendo
Direct let's start with those details
and let's start with Sam Nintendo switch
2 what's it gon to cost when can we play
it oh my gosh this is the game we're
playing today yeah okay so over under
all right so what's it going to cost um
I'm thinking on the low side it'll be
under 500 and I think a lot of people
are settling on 500 but um I I think
that I know nobody agrees with this but
I think they're going to Target 390
9 Yeah well yeah yeah I think more
people agree with 399 I I I think 500
sounds too
high well it sounds too high but you
know to play Devil's Advocate things are
things be expensive now Damon yeah
that's true but that would be a lot more
expensive than the $300 switch of the
the launch model which never saw a price
increase um I believe the OLED one is
350 but from 300 to 500 is a really big
jump and then in addition to the direct
we also have a series of worldwide
events right where people can play the
switch 2 in public MH um going by when
that happened before and then when the
switch one came out or when the Wii U
came out they actually did this for the
Wii U um uh I I'm pretty sure this is
out this summer it's out soon it's it's
going to be out soon and then there's
going to be a fall wave of stuff too not
not pick a date yeah but picking a date
is interesting because Nintendo I never
think of because of e3 that always like
blasts that month out of contention for
me but is no E3 now I still think I'm
going to go with like M you know
Memorial Day weekend May May 20
something well um intendo should just
come on stage at IGN live and and launch
it right there press a red button it's
out now uh they can they can bring out
one of the the mamoto can bring out one
of the joycons and just have it really
mess up while they're showing their
Skyward Sword Port which I'm not
predicting I don't think that's the port
they're doing for this system uh Ryan I
saw you raise an eyebrow when Sam said
500 does 400 seem more likely to you
absolutely there $500 there's no way
that with the power with the the
horsepower inside that system that it's
the same price as the PS5 and the series
X it's just not happening it's going to
be there's it's
3.99 uh if it's a penny higher I'll be
stunned it could be lower but yeah I I
don't think so I think be 99 pennies
higher right could be$ 399.99
399 400 bucks is that's that's where
it's going to land uh and and I'm that
feels right to me I mean not that I'm
like advocating for it to cost more if
it's if they want to make it 350 great
but yeah 399 seems like where it's it's
most likely going to be and yeah I I
would just be I would be shocked if it's
any higher than 400 bucks Max what's the
on price yeah I'm with Ryan on this I
think 399 is a safe bet I I think the
$300 price was a big part of the
Nintendo switch's huge success it's much
easier on the pocketbook than the
competition
I mean I I have no doubt that the
Nintendo switch 2 is going to be a big
hit but it's you know $400 is just a lot
more you know to families out there when
when when eggs cost almost $400 a card
on their own right yeah so there's also
the option of doing two packages right
or as you know the the industry term is
SKS um but that happened last for Wii U
which wasn't that long ago they made a
black one and a white one one came with
some extra duads and uh what what will
be interesting to me is um if they if
they choose to do that I don't really
know what they would add besides maybe
you know controllers charging a dock
station like things like upgrades like
that um but there could be game packin
that are Beyond bundles that which could
change the calculation here and I think
to soften the blow of a more expensive
system they very well could give you a
game voucher which is what they do right
now with their uh systems that they put
on the market that are like you know you
get one of these three Mario games with
the the Mario switch now so that's a
possibility and then the flip side of
that is when they don't offer that and
it's 400 bucks like well this is some
kind of cost 460 or $470 because what
are you going to play on it your old
games yes yes at
least Ryan Max uh do you think uh we're
looking at a sooner than later release
maybe early summer definitely I think
this the smartest thing that Nintendo
can do here is pretty much the same
thing that happened with the with the
switch the first time around which is
give it some Runway to build demand for
the holidays you know because obviously
we're we're all here we're all dorks
about it we love video games we're going
to be there day one for this thing but
you know there's a lot of people out
there families buying Christmas presents
or what like that more casual players
who you know maybe they're not clued in
the big thing with the Wii U was that it
people were unclear if it was a new
system entirely you know it had a u on
there is this a 1.5 kind of thing I
think switch 2 is a little bit more
clear there but at the same time I think
it's going to need to sort of be out in
the wild and you know generate its own
you know its own demand that said I
don't think they're going to have an
issue with demand and I I don't think I
think the Wii U comparisons sto there
but I I do think like you know it's it's
it's a new iteration of one of their
most successful thing one of the most
successful video game you know devices
of all time and yeah I mean I think it's
it's also good to get in front of that
that you know supply and demand
situation because I know they there are
rumors about them really really trying
to you know prevent scalpers to try to
you know avoid shortages uh you know get
stock stockpiling units that can be on
store shelves come Black Friday is I'm
imagine a priority over there yeah I
mean it'd be weird to experience a
Nintendo launch where it wasn't like a
panic for six months to get one it's
been like that since the Wii uh before
that there wasn't a Scramble for a
little while before that but even way
back in the day the NES caused that type
of stuff so you know they it's it's to
their advantage you'd think to uh sell a
bunch of systems themselves and not have
you know you know people sell them on
eBay or Craigslist or whatever and not
make that margin but but the you know
the flip side of that is the marketing
of every news you know organization in
the country talking about how scarce
than Nintendo is this fall and like how
that's part of our culture and like does
Nintendo plan that you know scarcity and
that that's all something we don't we
don't know which way it'll go this time
but boy have is this the system that
they've had the most time to stock up
parts for yeah it is yeah well I'm I'm
out at GDC this week here in San
Francisco talking to lots of people and
I'm hearing the same thing that kind of
has been buzzed about in in rumors out
online and that's June June it seems
like that's what I'm hearing uh don't
know when in June but it does make me
think I mean we all of us on this panel
have have been around gaming for a long
time I don't remember any console ever
launching in the month of June this
might be another first by sat like
sudden dropped in the spring the switch
came out in the spring it's very unusual
but you know why you would remember that
is because in North America the uh Lions
overnight would be a lot more pleasant
if you were waiting in June than if you
were waiting in November and you never
hear that you always hear people just
being real cold waiting for their new
systems I mean from a consumer
standpoint it's cool that people are on
vacation kids are on vacation they can
they can play a brand new Nintendo
device if they are in fact doing you
know in-person events uh that's probably
a lot easier for you know kids teenagers
whatever people who can actually you
know I guess adults take vacation too in
the summer sometimes we're all pretty
much uh this is that's hell season for
us we're like bouncing around between
you know the E3 shaped hole in La we got
IGN live over there you got Gamescom you
got ComiCon there's a lot of big stuff
going on uh so you know the industry
keeps busy but at the same time game
releases typically slow down so Nintendo
dropping a new console with a big pile
of launch titles with it uh I don't
think they would have a ton of
competition you know and it would be
good point building up a good a good
sort of you know rogue's gallery of of
options for the holiday season let's
talk about what those launch titles
might be the switch had breath of the
wild that was its killer app at launch
not going to have a Zelda at launch this
time could we have that new Mario Kart
that was shown in the um sort of like
reveal trailer Mario Kart 9 or whatever
ends up being called because I think
that would help move a lot of units and
move a lot of units from more casual
buyers as well I think it's no question
no question that that it'll be Mario
Kart at launch however and I have a lot
of ideas for what their launch lineups
could be it's funny that you mentioned
breath of breath of the wild because
there have been rumors that there would
be a HD breath of the wild out um I
don't really mean HD but I'm using that
as short hand for like you know breath
of the wild with with the packin maybe
the master uh Quest and stuff like that
all in there that'd be cool um it's
weird to be hearing about that when uh
you know we're we'll be exactly
strangely two years into tears of the
Kingdom um uh and without that game
having you know really extensive DLC and
saying the DLC was really not coming
anymore for it and yet breath of wild
had this big DLC plan so could there be
a you know Master mode packed in uh
teers of the Kingdom also is it a you
know Duo of games like those are the
kinds of things that Nintendo usually
does that would be interesting what I'm
what I'm more interested in or at least
just curious about I guess would be a
better way to phrase it is the switch
which one being the second bestselling
console of all time is Mario Kart 9 that
we all agree is going to be the big day
one launch title I mean that they very
purposely chose that as the thing
running on the the the render in the
trailer in January is it going to be
switch to exclusive we know the system
is backwards compatible is Nintendo
really going to
leave 140 million or whatever it is
switch ones behind mhm in order to
use this Mario Kart to sell switch twos
it's a it's I mean there are there's an
argument to be made either way of I mean
but I I wouldn't be surprised either way
but I think based on the little Clues
we'd sused out from what bits we could
see of of Mario Kart 9 it seems like
it's doing it might be doing things that
the switch one can't so maybe they are
really going to you try to use it as a
system seller and and it's
probably probably a smart thing to do
yeah well the funny thing you think
about is the the killer launch title for
the switch breath of the wild was a Wii
U game as well and everyone fors that ex
yeah exactly at the same time Mario Kart
8 was a Wii U game so that got a it got
its the bulk of its mileage on the
deluxe version on switch but it's it's
crazy we're that that that franchise
effectively just you know leap frogged
an entire Hardware generation so I would
not be surprised to see them like okay
here's an actually new Mario Kart but at
the same time it would make a lot of
sense to double dip on those 100 million
and change users who like Mario Kart
yeah for sure so remember there's also a
Pokemon game announced for switch one
now and a Metroid game announced for
switch one so those all indicate to me
that there's going to be a crossplatform
series of games and I don't think that
will necessarily hurt Nintendo they
might have a a crop of small
games and third party games that would
really wouldn't run on switch that are
going to try to to to pull people to the
new system and not rely on at least
those big three games anything else like
what what about third party support at
launch I think it's going to be huge I
think it's going to be a big deal
because you go back and you look at the
the the Wii U launch lineup coming hot
off the the Wii it was something like 30
Games day one I think it was like 29 in
the in North America uh fast forward to
the switch and it was like 10 uh crazy
yeah fast forward again and like the
switch you know Nintendo has more than
redeemed itself in terms of having a
platform that's that's viable for games
to come to it but like I remember you
know Ubisoft uh is short for ubiquitous
software and they used to be their day
one for everything you know there were I
think a handful of Ubisoft games for
PlayStation VR for Vita uh you know they
they were one of the the first one of
the first big games for for the original
switch was uh Mario and rabids which was
kind of a wild idea I'm amazed they went
with that but I could very easily see
them uh double dipping with some of the
the recent games that can run on switch
I would I would maybe outlaws like I
don't know if that can run but it's it's
a you know it's one of the rare
occasions where they've made an big ass
open world that's rated T for as opposed
to Avatar yeah Avatar as well because
that's this Christmas there's Avatar 3
coming out so that would make a lot of
sense assuming and they they're going to
want to re recoup some of the costs of
these games right like that that those
are those are really safe bets and and I
would add the last two Assassin's Creed
games into it Mirage and this new one
Shadows could could really come to it
and I I I really think their third party
support is going to be big from the
Japanese companies it's going to be big
from Konami which I know is a small
company but they have a mle gear game
coming out which I don't think is going
to be on switch but um Capcom and um and
square Unix I think Capcom and square
Unix are going to go big and I think
that we're going to you know potentially
get um you know I don't know if it'll be
moner Hunter but I think Resident Evil
games will be kind of the first things
you see and then from Square Enix I
think Final Fantasy games could come on
from the last generation I guess current
generation but that that could be
rebirth or square has has said that
they're like okay the exclusivity on PS5
didn't really pan out so maybe we're g
to try to rod in our Horizons the one
thing was ages ago one of the first
things we heard about the switch
successor was that Activision was going
to Buddy up with Nintendo good one Call
of Duty so yeah the first Call of Duty I
mean if you get Call of Duty running on
phones I imagine it can can handle it
the switch 2 can handle it you know it's
I don't know if it'll be the full
version hopefully it's better than the
what was it like the Wii version of
Black Ops right yeah yeah I mean I just
don't see Publishers in this age of of
narrowing profits and ballooning budgets
on these G on these AAA games that
they're not going to pass up the chance
to dip into their back cataloges of Xbox
One and PS4 games to put those out on
the switch too I mean that's I think
we're going to see a lot of those it's
got Red Dead one but not Red Dead 2 yet
yeah t got that so Ryan you didn't bring
this up but I'll let you talk about it
Microsoft could really be a big support
oh they're gonna yeah they're going to
embrace it I I would be stunned if if
they didn't go at it pretty hard I mean
um you think they'll do a commercial
where they show a switch and say this is
an Xbox Xbox that would be that would be
quite incredible um but yeah I mean you
look at what do you think flight
simulator maybe for maybe not flight
FL simulat my Xbox series X has a hard
time with flight simulator does it
really yes okay well but there there are
definitely yeah I mean there's the Tony
Hawk remakes that are coming on the
Activision side you mentioned I mean
Call of Duty definitely makes all the
sense in the world um on the I mean
Master Chief Collection that was that
was already rumored that was weal I
think we talked about that on the show
we certainly talked about it on unlock
Master Chief Collection makes a ton of
sense I mean there's they're definitely
a lot of back catalog things for from
everybody basically everybody not named
Sony that that are I think going to run
run straight at the switch 2 and embrace
it this all begs the question of just
you know how powerful is this thing
going to be we don't have the specs yet
we expect to get the the specs at this
Nintendo Direct that's coming up what
will be the closest analog in terms of
power is it a PS4 Pro is it a series
s the more the merrier I mean I hope
it's I hope it's a lot but with an
Nintendo you just never know I mean I
think all the rumors had suggested 4K
output um I up I think that was upscaled
what the rumors would were saying but
don't quote me on that you know I'm
hoping that we can look at a steam deck
and and a steam two a switch to uh
favorably as a comparison like that
would be nice but the steam deck of
course is a few years old now so you
know this is what but that that means
it's possible right so I think we're not
going to look at something lower than a
steam deck well to your point then Sam
Assassin's Creed Shadows is steam deck
verified on day one that's insane
yeah uh there's also this rumor about uh
GameCube games coming to Nintendo switch
online and an actual GameCube controller
much like there's an NES controller that
they made available for playing the NS
games on the online service that seems
like a no-brainer to me I think people
have been calling for GameCube games on
Nintendo switch online for a long time
it makes it makes sense that's such a
funky little controller uh that people
have Nostalgia for it makes sense to
sort of create a new version of that Sam
what do you think well I think that
controller if they're going to do it is
for smash BRS and I I don't know if it
would be necessarily an important
Nostalgia play to what what how many
people bought it to G Cube 10 million
something like that it wasn't wasn't a
lot 13 so yeah 13 million yeah so I
don't know but the the the catalog is
pretty good for uh you know for us for
that that system but they just just did
Metroid Prime they just did the Super
Mario collection with sunshine in it um
there's not there's not a huge catalog
of GameCube games that I don't think
they that they would want to I think
sell to people for cheap I think they
would want to get a lot of money so if
we get this emulation for GameCube be
really expensive Wind Waker yes do you
want it as a port or do you want the Wii
U one in a really nice format on on
switch right yeah for sure I mean the
GameCube turns 25 next year which is
true I could see them I I would be very
happy if they did like a nice a nice
purple switch too I'm not getting my
hopes up for that maybe limited edition
joycon but yeah like nostal plays a huge
huge uh you know part there uh yeah I I
think that that GameCube controller is
really odd it would be wild to me if
that was the Pro Controller if they just
took the form factor of one of their
more beloved and more compatible
controllers with you know other forms of
gaming and they were just like it's that
with Bluetooth mhm you get a SE stick
enjoy
it um 22 million GameCubes were sold so
more than we thought okay but in the US
I I bet I was accurate well probably
maybe in the
US uh any other last minute predictions
to
share Mario Paint Mario Paint well I was
going to get to that that's in our poll
coming up so uh we are less than two
weeks from finding out if any of these
predictions come true oh I have one more
prediction I predict that you dear
viewer will want to vote on this week's
poll we want to know what series would
you like to see return on Nintendo
switch 2 Animal Crossing f-zero kit
ioras punch out or Mario Paint as Max
pointed out if it's true that the new Jo
can be used as a mouse Mario Paint would
be a very cute game to bring back uh
which of these games these five games
would you most like to come back max you
pick Mario Paint yeah I just I'm
expecting Nintendo to do some some silly
thing using these the new mouse
functionality I mean we basically saw it
in the trailer they're going to do
something with that you know user
generated content is huge they made two
Mario Maker games those would be imagine
a lot easier with a mouse something
along those lines I don't expect it to
be uh the original Mario Paint though
would not complain if it was uh but yeah
that's you know that I could I could see
them you know suddenly dipping into
maybe some of the more uh you know Mouse
oriented point-and-click type games that
you see on on Steam and yeah you know
incorporating those with a new control
scheme basically civ7 is another
possibility there for uh third party
support Sam I'm gonna guess you'll pick
Animal Crossing yeah so five years ago
really you know this week or last week
Animal Crossing came to the switch and I
I don't predict predict it'll be this
year but I think we might start hearing
about one this year um it would it's
it's so obvious and such a good move
that Nintendo won't do it you know like
it's just it just makes too much sense
um I think you know relying on Pokemon I
I think there might be another Pokemon
game this year you know whether that's
one of the remakes I think you know gold
silver or let's go uh generational you
know type stuff could be happening and
then I just as for like kind of a flat
pred
besides just having some other Pokemon
game and and besides just going for the
obvious like a big Mario game this fall
or something I I I want to call out that
Nintendo for switch has been putting out
like a paper Mario remake every couple
months and the Princess Peach game and
you know sometimes there's a good Kirby
game out like there there is and the
Zelda echo of wisdom there's these
smaller almost um Mario RPG remake I can
just go on and on just from the past two
years there's these smaller you know
uses of their their their core titles
that you don't expect Super Mario wonder
I think is another example that's what
that that's what you should expect
expect an unexpected thing from a
franchise you like that's going to be
like well this isn't you know tears of
the Kingdom but it's this really you
know cool uh use of Mario Zelda stuff
like that that you didn't expect and
that we never heard about and didn't
leak at all that's that's what you're
going to get this year because we've
gotten that every year up until the
death nails started tolling for switch
and then they kept on doing it anyway
after that it's been crazy Ryan I know
you're a big for guy uh I'm gonna guess
f-zero would your would be your pick I
do have fond memories of f-zero but
actually I'm I'm going to vote for kikus
in this poll at purely nostalgic reasons
kikus was one of the first games that I
got for my Nintendo entertainment system
in the late 80s and I have fond memories
of that game uh so kinus has been
dormant for a while I'd love to see a I
don't even know what kind of game it
would be in
202 but yeah let's let's bring it on
let's let's bring Kus back yeah Souls
yeah a difficult Hollow night Metro by
the way I predict H KN we'll come on the
switch but a difficult Hollow night
style Metroid Vania for Kris cuz it was
a hard game had exporation you know um
kis is interesting too because it uh it
you know the last iteration was like so
far removed from the first two games and
I really recommend people check out the
Game Boy one of myths and monsters for a
really cool Metroid like KR experience
the last one they you refer to was a 3DS
game right exactly Yeah by more like a
on rail shooter I think like a yeah from
the Smash Brothers FKS yeah interesting
uh I would pick punch out I love the
punch out series uh been a while it has
been a while there was the one on the
Wii which was good I think that was made
by Way Forward if I'm right anyway which
of these games would you dear viewer
like to see make a return make sure to
vote at ign.com the day this episode
goes live and we'll share the results
with you next week just like we can with
last week's poll uh we were talking
about this the reports of the next Xbox
already in development plan for two
years from now we asked where will you
be playing Xbox games in five years and
nearly 40% of respondents said they'll
be playing them on a PlayStation or a
Nintendo console however exactly 20 27%
tied for saying they'll be playing them
on a PC or a nextg Xbox so that was
interesting as well but then Ryan only
6% said they'd be playing on an Xbox
handheld I thought that was a little
surprising the the we'll see I mean
we'll see what happens in a few years I
think the age of handhelds is is really
about to get into get into full swing
now the steam deck got it started but I
think I think handheld gaming is is
really coming coming on strong here yes
the age of men is over the age of
handhelds has begun and that's going to
do it for this edition of nection
console watch thank you Max Sam and Ryan
thank you to everyone working behind the
scenes to make this episode possible my
name is Damon we'll be back next week
with more on the latest gaming Hardware
news it'll be next week's episode will
be switch to reveal Eve please be
excited we'll see you
[Music]
then this episode of next gen console
watch was produced by Damon Hatfield and
jert atenza Technical direction is by
jert Atienza with technical production
by Maran Franzen and Amir rakib audio
engineering is handled by Amir rakib
post- production editing is by jert
audenza and graphic design is by Justin
Vashon next J Consin watch is an IGN
production and part of the geek media
Network