[Music]
hello and welcome to this very special
uh you're gamer after dark um Ian you
joined me from Paris where you and EUR
gamer editor Tom Phillips are at the
switch to press thing first time handson
for anyone yeah you've tried a lot of
the stuff that they actually announced
on in the direct you you've got
firsthand experience of that the machine
itself um from some of the footage that
you shot of you guys playing it um and
playing with the actual handheld unit
the first thing that strikes me about it
is that it looks like a really premium
thing it looks really solid and and
really nice to hold in a way that I I
don't think this switch ever was am I
barking up the wrong tree no no it's the
thing about the switch to um is that I
found the kind of design and holding it
and using it to be like slightly
underwhelming I didn't find it like felt
like a brand new console it just felt
like a shinier nicer switch which it
kind of is you know it it feels like
just about as weighty as a normal switch
um the Pro Controller is nice to hold
and feels a little bit like the normal
switch Pro Controller just with an extra
C button on um you know the graphics are
slightly better and stuff it you know
it's a it's a sequel to the switch like
as a piece of Kit it didn't really like
blow me away like the jump from um the
original Xbox to the Xbox 360 did you
know like that kind of big SD to
actually kind of jump that being said
you know it is a cracking piece of Kit
we've got these wonderful upgrades on
visuals and performance and Storage
space and um uh all all manner of things
that will make your previous switch
games look better and like give you good
new Switch two games to play um but
honestly the the console itself wasn't
that exciting I think the main things
that like are good talking points for
this are the C button and the chat
connectivity and the mouse functionality
which are both brand new to the console
they' kind of reinvented stuff that is
already out there right yeah absolutely
so it's not Nintendo Innovation as we've
come to expect it but that's fine you
know Gamers have existed forever now
like nothing's new right that's that's
great but the mouse functionality right
do we want that from from this do we do
we want that and like it doesn't seem
like it would be particularly good Mouse
functionality or particularly ergonomic
um and the one game that really showcas
cases it from what's been revealed in
the last sort of 48 hours is drag X
Drive uh and according to our editor
it's not fun no so ergonomics is a good
starting point um I've played um and
I'll go into these a bit later but I
played the Metroid Prime game and I
played Nintendo switch to welcome tour
with the mouse thing and yes it is a
mouse and yes it is very responsive um
you know it does everything you want a
mouse to do but it you know it's really
thin and it is uncomfortable to hold
yeah I would I would assumed yeah and
Tom Phillips played uh drag X Drive
which is kind of like um like speed Ball
2 meets the Paralympics meets what's
that remote control car one the football
rocket League rocket League yeah it's
like a mishmash of those which you think
should be really cool and I think if you
were just using a proper controller for
it it would be really cool but the way
you have to like slide your arms
backwards and forwards to to move and
stuff it just feels gimmicky and
uncomfortable Tom said his arms were
really tired after he did it he said it
turn it like probably you need a bit of
practice to get good at it we were given
like five minutes on each game almost so
you know it's like learning as you go go
real quick um but yeah he found it very
awkward to play and it just feels like
one of those games that is made to
promote the mouse
functionality uh to go look we've got a
games that does Mouse functionality and
then like people will play it for five
minutes and like never play it again
would you think it might be a bit like
arms or something where it's it's
clearly built with that Hardware in mind
but there is there is like a genius to
it because a lot of people bounced off
arms initially but then a lot of people
really got into it because they found a
lot of like there was an intricate game
there I don't know um well I I really
like arms um I and like I said I didn't
have time to to try this one so I'm not
sure but it doesn't look like it has
anywhere near the depth of arms um Tom
played a 3v3 match between him and two
other players on his team three other
players on the opposite Team all at the
event and um it just looked a bit messy
and um clumsy like even though you say
people bounc Stu arms I can't see it
having a dedicated fan base I can't
imagine a bunch of people you know
having Esports events going you know it
just feels like yeah it feels like a gim
a forget thing is I want to get behind
it because I love that this is
essentially wheelchair
basketball yeah and I love that
somebody's made like a a sort of
futuristic looking sci-fi sports game
out of that you know it's it feels like
a it feels a really nice kind of
representation
thing I feel I feel mean if if you know
saying it looks a bit Pony but it does
actually look a bit Pony it looks it
looks like a tech DL and it does a bit
uh but yeah but what doesn't look Pony
and what was um very looked very very
good was uh the new Metroid Prime game
Metroid Prime 4 Beyond and that has um a
mouse functionality as well but the cool
thing about it right you have the left
joycon to you can hold that normally and
you you use your left stick to move
around and then you hold the right one
down in the mouse style and you Mouse
aim if you lift your hand up and hold it
normally it just goes back to normal
controller and you can put it back down
and you can go back to Mouse controls so
um I I tried both and controller aim is
a lot slower than the mouse aim like it
it feels a bit uncomfortable to use and
it could just be like training my hands
to do it and finding the buttons like
you have to press like y to turn into
the morph ball and like a to um pick up
health and stuff and you know it's
finding the new positions for your
thumbs for these things but you can you
can aim much faster and much better with
the mouse thing and I almost preferred
it um just because of the speediness of
the movement um I felt like the the
mouse controls there worked a lot better
I don't think it feels as comfortable as
a normal Mouse I don't think PC owners
who love mouse and keyboard are going to
be like Oh I'm going to go to the switch
now it's got a mouse controller for
first-person shooters but it's you it's
a a nice novel way of doing it I like
the fact that you can you know unlike um
drag X drive it's not just limited to
these Mouse controls you can swap
backwards and forwards whenever you want
and it feels quite it feels nice and
precise uh and there was um another game
I played which I'll go into a little bit
later but it was the Nintendo welcome
tour game and that has a couple of mini
games that tutorial IE you in how all
the new features work and there was just
a very simple game where basically you
have a UFO as a mouse pointer and you
just have to move it around to avoid
spikes super simple but um it felt
really smooth like the you know the joy
Kong glided nicely across the surface
and it felt like it was always precise
and you know I me Precision in terms of
precision and control it's great it's
just how it's being going to be used in
games I feel like it's going to be one
of those things where few launch games a
few you know third party titles are
going to like use it and then six seven
months down the line no one's going to
be like none of the developers are going
to be using it like for anything well
this this happens a lot with with a
console launch doesn't it like think
about the really fine haptics in the
Dual sense and how very few Gamers
actually seem to make really full use of
that so I was confident in myself that
maybe we'd see like an announcement of a
Mario Paint game a new Mario Paint like
think that kind of validated having a
mouse as as a new bit of functionality
Mario Maker right would
be would be great for that yeah but at
the moment it seems like it's just
sticking a mouse thing on there to have
something different like it doesn't seem
like it's got a killer app for the mouse
you know like so you know it's got
Metroid you can aim with the mouse if
you want but you don't have to and you
might get a few of those things but I
can't you know unless Nintendo like
launch a Nintendo Excel spreadsheet game
or something like that I don't know what
they're going to use it for that people
would actually want don't it past them
if me gets on it they could make that
brilliant like do your taxes that's true
um it's a bit of a mixed bag um as a
piece of Hardware but um you know it's a
sequel to one of the best consoles of
all time it has most to the same library
and it's going to have more of the same
Library uh going forward so um it's
going to be great no the standard
console itself is great you know it's it
I love it I I have one pre-ordered I
want it but I'm never going to use the
mouse one thing I did want to ask
they've confirmed that it's an LCD
screen um um nobody expected there to be
an OLED version straight out off the bat
cuz n they're definitely going to bring
out an OLED version later on absolutely
LCD has come a long way it's not quite
like it used to be where an LCD screen
would have really rubbish black levels I
know you were in a very brightly lit
room but from what you could tell what
was the screen quality like uh it was
good like I'm not the best at judging
screen qualities uh you know I my ol
original switch looks great and I didn't
think it looked any worse than that uh
you know I I think it looked but the the
thing is I didn't get to use it in
handheld very much like literally One
race of Mario Kart World
um and it was like crazy lighting and
stuff um I you know I played it in in
docked mode mostly and Metroid Prime
looked awesome that was in performance
mode I think uh so it was um 1080p but
120 frames per second oh nice and it
looked great like it looked really nice
and really smooth and and everything
like that so like in in terms of docked
stuff um yeah looks great um handheld
wise I I don't think it looked any
better than my OLED or any worse but um
I'd have to have them both running at
the same time I think it's such a nice
piece of kit uh people have been waiting
for it for a long time there's a there's
a few things that are a little bit iffy
about it like for example it's the money
involved right all these accessories the
games are they're talking like 80 quid
for box copies the camera add-on which
you're going to want for game chat the
welcome to
uh game we're talking about which is I
mean it's essentially it's an
interactive like instruction manual
showcase piece like I can't believe
they're charging for that like when
astrobot was free with the PlayStation 5
you know astrobot playroom Astro B was
much more of a game let's face it
absolutely I have I've played this
welcome tour thing like a demo of it I I
think I got like eight minutes or
something with it and it's it's bobbins
it's it's it's ter you l you know it was
a demo there wasn't the whole thing
there there's probably a lot more depth
to it um but you just you're this little
person you walk around you press a next
to a question mark you play a little
mini game that might show you the how
the mouse functions work or like you
know there's one way you can shake the
Maracas and you can feel like the beans
inside the maracas with the haptic
feedback and stuff show and then there's
other bits where you walk around and you
just like listen to someone tell you
about how good the carts are and then
afterwards they give you a quiz of three
questions um to see if you have been
paying attention it's it it just should
it should be built in it shouldn't be a
charge full thing been a theory test for
it yeah yeah it's it honestly
like maybe maybe like a tener but any
more than that like I yeah it should
have been bundled in click the mouse
every time you say a hazard um there's a
suite of like free and paid upgrades for
certain games uh they showed a few
things but the the tears of the kingdom
and breath of the wild upgrades do look
incredible and they actually look
like those games were I always felt even
with breath of the world that like this
game was designed with much better
Hardware in mind they managed to get it
working on the OG switch which was quite
an achievement and it was it was you
know it was great it wasn't I don't
think it was uh rubbish on the old
switch or anything patently because we
all loved it but we I think most of us
did feel like oh this is really like
struggling to run this um wouldn't it be
great if we had something better and
obviously there's naughty people out
there who have got those games running
at much higher Fidelity uh via various
means that we won't go into I don't know
how they're going to gep the sort of if
you run the original Zelda MH uh breath
of the Wild on switch 2 would it just
not let you unless you pay for the
upgrades or is it going to run slightly
better at a more consistent frame rate
who knows these are questions that we're
not going to know until we got it in our
hand yeah um I really hope the upgrades
aren't too much like a tener seems
reasonable it's clearly like work has
gone into it I don't I don't I don't
believe that those sorts of things
shouldn't be charged for as a rule I
think it obviously you know people need
to be paid but being Nintendo is it
going to be like 30 quids yeah and if
you've got like 10 like games you know
you got the Mario Fury Bow's Fury you
got Mario odyy and stuff like that and
then you're having to pay to upgrade all
of those as well it's like well there is
there are there are loads of games that
have will have free upgrades and I think
Mario Odyssey is one of them
um so there there's like the there's
there's different things going on um but
I think there'll be like some like a
smattering of like like basic sort of
frame rate boosts and stuff and then
there'll be like actual premium upgrades
like with Zelda cuz that looks like
there there's a lot going on there um
but the thing that struck me about the
the uh the
direct all the Nintendo stuff looks
incredible and it's really smooth and
it's beautiful and it's clearly being
designed with that Hardware ceiling in
mind and they're they're they're getting
everything out of that machine that they
need to
and then every time they showed us a
third party
game it looked ropey um Elden ring
looked rough yeah it did look a bit
rough compared to the the PS5 one H
split fiction looked really rough it
looked like it was running on law I'll
tell you what though in the auditorium
the biggest cheers were for the GameCube
games yeah uh silk song yeah and uh dusk
Bloods those were the three biggest
cheers like they got bigger cheers the
Mario like the new like Kirby game got
tumble weed and stuff so people are
excited for like third party and retro
stuff yeah absolutely but yeah you're
right that they still look like even
even with the the higher power of the
switch 2 some of these bigger games like
Elden ring still do look like they've
taken a bit of a knock um and I've got
to talk about
frame rates a little bit more because I
don't know if you saw the bit in the
presentation about the chat
functionality that is like the big uh
USP for this machine right and I feel
like it is absolutely laser targeted at
gen Z gen Alpha CU like the way the way
it imposes you on your game footage in
your little kind of four screen kind of
Windows where you're looking at everyone
else's the way it imposes people onto
the game footage it looks exactly like
Tik Tok and I'm like this is this is
like meant to directly appeal to like
basically my kids right we all over that
 so I'm well I'm fairly cynical
about it because right this basically
this feels like something that was
invented during lockdown when everyone
had to be to get like couldn't be
together and wanted screens and now
we're not locked down anymore I don't
know how many people are going to want
it I'm never going to want to buy the
camera and call my mates like maybe I'm
not the target audience and go hey uh
you want to stick your face on Mario
jeree maybe it's just for young kids and
families and things I don't know man
like I've got I've got young teenagers
yeah 12 15 and 18 year old right all of
their socializing is done on Discord oh
really all of it it's either done on
Discord or it's done um in Minecraft
multiplayer oh okay well maybe just the
kids who were wrong Frank the park
anymore man so I feel like this is
absolutely tapped into the kind of
socializing they want to do may maybe it
is it just reminds me of back when I got
my Xbox 360 camera and I used to play
Uno and whenever someone won like it
would bring up their camera feed and it
would just be some dude jacking off
like it's
like Chat Roulette in in Uno I know that
Nintendo have locked it down so you know
they they've got L they've definitely
got haven't they got I can't remember
which game it was but didn't they have
um really sophisticated like
drawing recognition software wonder if
their Wier recognition software can kick
you from the game if you get your knob
Out imagine just like they must like
they're really tight on this kind of
stuff so they probably wouldn't have
lobbies public lobbies with cameras but
imagine you just go on a public Lobby on
Mario jeree and one of the faces is just
someone's dong
that's what happened in it's definitely
it's going to be like based around a
friend code system I imagine so it's
going to be like a very lock down
version of Discord definitely I just
when I saw it I was just like I did this
like 15 years ago with the Xbox 360
camera and yeah so I'm really not sold
on that chat chat functionality I know a
lot of people are but I'm kind of
cynical about it it's once again it's
one of these things where Nintendo have
kind of reinvented the wheel a bit I I
feel like there is wisdom in the way
they packaged it together like I say
they've got that thing where it looks a
bit like Tik Tok and I think that's a
really deliberate Choice the idea of it
pretty s and I think it does tap into
how young people socialize these days
right I'm saying this is a 40-year-old
man right but I I do like I have kids
like pay attention to what they do
sometimes so it does it does strike me
as something that's been well thought
out but as you say the frame rate I
actually found it really difficult to
because when you had the pristine Mario
Kart footage running at 60 FPS and it
was smooth as hell and right underneath
it you had this like what 12 FPS like
camera feeds from other people again
from the auditorium when they first
showed that I heard people go it looked
rough and very difficult to I wouldn't
be able to concentrate I want my gaml to
be full screen I don't want it to be
slightly smaller with other bits down
the bottom this is just me like again
I'm not a young kid that watches Tik Tok
maybe that's you know maybe they like
that kind of stuff but I just yeah I
just not for me that trap functionality
I won't be spending 50 on the the camera
that is a point actually that whole that
having to make your uh your your own
game play smaller I suppose uh you know
that's not going to work very well in
handheld mode uh when you got a much
smaller screen anyway and also like so
so it feels like it would be best on a
big screen especially when you've got
that big camera on a pole and everything
yeah God they really should have built a
camera into the thing shouldn't they so
the camera isn't very big it is actually
quite quite
small visually on the on the trailers
and stuff it makes it kind of look a bit
bigger than it is it is the the neck of
it the stem is very thin and it's yeah
just a little tiny little black camera
so it's not going to take over your room
or anything like that it's um it's
fairly dinky the conclusion I've come to
from this event is that it is a
wonderful piece of Kit I really want it
as a games console and to play Mario
Kart world and everything like that but
all of the extra like Nintendo gobbins
that they've done like the detachable
joycons are great you know that the
magnetism and stuff that's fine it's
something they did on the previous one
that was a good like Nintendo original
thing to do I'm just not sold on the
mouse I'm not sold on the chat
functionality I probably won't use them
very much um I don't think there's going
to be much use for the Mouse um aside
from a few mini games and like early
launch games as an actual successor to
the switch I think it's I think it's
awesome I really loved it if you
actually got to the end of this thank
you very much for sticking with us two
old men ramble about the
switch but yeah well one of these old
men has actually had a go at it so you
know we've still got that access MH um
we're not totally irrelevant not not
yet but we do have some more videos
about the switch if you want to check
them out um Jim and I will be chatting
about Mario Kart World and Donkey Kong
um I I can't remember Donkey Kong banan
bananas bananas ban bananza bananza
banan I see what they've done there yeah
so yeah why not check those out after
this but don't forget to like And
subscribe and stuff as well