Five, four, three, two, one. Mario Kart
9. Okay, Nintendo Switch 2. That's fine.
That's fine. The last one that came out,
we didn't know it was going to happen.
It just dropped. And
now, oh, here we go. This is Mario Kart.
That's the Yoshi's thing from before.
Yes. This is what we wanted. We have
some music this time. That's more than
last time.
Nice
oneup
[Music]
fuel. Oh yes, actually all the
characters that we can see now. And that
is definitely more than 12 racers at
once. We I saw a draft boost. We have
Mario, Luigi,
Peach, Yoshi, a trick boost. Did you see
Yoshi's face? That was so cool. Boats,
skiing, gliding. Gliders are in this
game. Wait, how many tracks is this? Did
we just see like five different
tracks? I can't tell if any of these are
ones we've seen before, but this is so
cool. Boats on the
water. Wow. It It looks a lot more
bouncy. You know what? I'm kind of
worried. It looks a little bit like
Mario Kart Tour. And what is that? We're
riding on railings. We're on walls.
There's a cow.
Oh, there's a mega mushroom. There's the
some hammer bro item. A coin item. The
bullet bill looks so cool. What is
that? No. No. Costume changes. Yes. Oh,
that looks so
good. Oh, there's so
many. Oh, wow. I don't I mean, the
gameplay looks a little bit like Mario
Kart Tour. I cannot lie. I'm slightly
worried. Mario Kart
World. Wait, Mario Kart World.
Hello everyone. That seems so different
from normal Mario Kart. They're
definitely taking a huge risk
here. I don't know. I hope it's
good. Oh wow. A lot more vehicles than
we saw before. Way more characters.
Exclusively on the Nintendo Switch 2
system. Welcome to this vast world. Wa!
Wait, it's connected throughout various
regions that span the globe.
Airship fortress. Depending on the time
of day and weather conditions, the
atmosphere will change.
Wait, this is like this is like an RPG
open world. You guys are right. I hate
that you were right.
You can go off the racetrack and
virtually everywhere in this game. No
way.
That's so cool. Do I want that?
I'm not going to pause right now, but
we're going to take a look at that
later. They just previewed so many
tracks. The Bitty Buggy is coming back.
With 24 drivers in each race, the most
in series history, the competition is
gearing up.
[Music]
Knockout tour.
Knockout tour.
Race non-stop from one corner of the
world to another. Okay, so it's just a
Grand Prix, but it's going to feel
connected or something. There are
multiple checkpoints along the
way. If you're below the placement shown
when you hit a checkpoint, you'll be
eliminated. Oh, like a knockout mode.
Wait, that's so interesting. Finish
line.
You can also freely drive around this
vast world in free roam. Free roam?
Wait, I'm going to do that. I mean,
yeah, we're all going to do that. I
don't know why I said that. Wherever
your heart takes you.
Wait, actually, but why? What's the
gameplay going to be like?
And even take photos together at
different locations.
That's That's crazy. in Mario
Kart. Oh, this game is so much more than
what anyone expected it to be. I mean,
people definitely predicted it after
seeing how big the track was, but starts
here. Mario Kart World. Donkey Kong's
eating a hamburger on the same day as
Nintendo Switch. Yes, it's coming out
right away. Details about this title
will be shared in an upcoming Mario Kart
World Direct. So, be on the lookout for
more. It's going to be a Nintendo Direct
just about this on April 17th.
Mario Kart World launches on the same
day as Nintendo Switch.
Yo, I'm so excited. So, we hope you're
looking forward to it. Wait, but do we
find out when the Switch 2 comes out?
Maybe we'll find out on April 17th. We'd
like to introduce some of the new
features of Nintendo Switch 2. Okay, new
Nintendo Switch 2 features. Joycon 2
controllers for Switch 2.
And on the right Joycon 2, we've added a
new C button. Yes, the C button. I can't
wait for the experiences that the C
button offers. I'm so excited for this.
I'm way more excited for this than Mario
Kart 9. Oh, Mario Kart World. I got to
start calling it that. Mario Kart World.
That was me. That was you. So quick.
Okay, so there are coins, which we kind
of knew. Did we see double item boxes?
This has just been a fever dream so far.
I don't know.
Introducing game chat. Hey, what's up?
Can you hear me?
In a Nintendo game with this feature.
What are you doing?
No way.
I get to be toxic to other players in
real time.
If you open the chat menu and turn on
game
sharing there, what share your game
screen? That's so cool. Really? They can
do that. They can do it. You guys, I
just did it. I want to do it, too. Now
you don't need a capture card in
Discord. Wasting Discord's resources.
You can just Okay, we You're probably
going to have to pay for this is what I
think. But this is so cool.
I've always wanted to do this and I
always felt like having to buy an entire
capture card and stream from your
computer is just so much more than you
should need to do. I'm falling. I'm
falling. I'm falling. Okay, this is
really, really cool. I'm so happy with
this star. That's so cute. I mean, I
hope it works well. Knowing Nintendo
online services, this may not work very
well.
Expand another game screen. Can you
imagine just driving around anywhere you
want in Mario Kart Online without
disconnecting?
Thanks, Nintendo. This is actually what
we wanted.
Oh, it's so weird watching the game
play. There's so many things I'm excited
for, but there are so many things that
I'm kind of worried about. Like, oh,
that's so cool. We've never gotten to do
this in Mario Kart. Okay, are we ready?
Oh, I'm actually so happy about that.
Oh, yo, that's sick. I like your pose.
Oh, the C button. The C button. There's
an additional button. Yes. With the C
button. Show me what it does.
The chat. And there's
this. Oh,
Nintendo's watching us now, too.
Holy, we're all content creators now.
Yo. Hi. How you doing? Good. You can
appear on screen and video chat while
playing. I'm so happy, by the way, with
how much footage we're getting of Mario
Kart 9. The bouncy physics looks so
weird.
But I have trust in Nintendo that like
being their flagship game, this has to
be good, right? Please look forward to
games which use your camera feed like
this. Oh, Mario Party.
That's crazy. Our faces are just going
to be in the games. A little more this
way. Can I get a little shortcat face in
there?
You know, I'm actually really happy
about this. In the trailer is the
Nintendo Switch 2 camera,
which will be available on the same day
as Switch
Am I going to buy that? I don't know if
I'll buy that. Okay. Yeah, obviously
we're going to be paying for this.
However, since we'd like as many people
as possible to experience Game Chat, it
will be available without a membership
for a limited time. For almost a year.
Wait, that's so cool. Everyone's going
to have it. Nintendo Switch. Parental
Controls, of course. Yes. Bowser being a
good father, oh, I'm so glad there's
parental controls. You do not want your
kids talking to shortcat on. Okay, that
came out wrong. That came out wrong. Cut
that out. Up next.
Oh, effect added. Imagine if it actually
made that super loud sound every time
you put the JoyCons in. At 7.9 in,
Switch 2 has a bigger built-in screen.
Wow, this water stuff is so cool. And
yeah, I'm happy the Switch is bigger
with approximately double the pixels
compared. Holy, you can enjoy games in
greater detail on the 1080p screen.
Nice. Wait, it's still
1080p. Was it Was it not 1080p?
The screen supports up to 100 frames per
second, allowing for smoother gameplay
in supported titles. I love that the LCD
screen is more vivid and supports HDR,
providing more contrast between light
and dark areas of the image. Okay,
there's no way is the right image is
what it actually looked like before,
right? Detach your controller easily by
pressing the release button on the back.
That's so good. I hate sliding the
controllers out of the Switch.
The SL and SR buttons are bigger for
greater comfort and control when playing
with a Joycon 2 held. I can't believe
how small the the SLSR buttons were on
the original Switch. Left and right
sticks are now larger. Okay. Okay. I
like that,
too. Mouse controls. Oh, yeah. We saw
this before. Used as a mouse to play
with compatible games. Both the left and
right Joycon 2 support mouse controls.
That's got to feel so weird. I don't
know how I feel about that, but I'm sure
we could get used to it.
Place your Nintendo Switch however you
like with a large sturdy stand.
Can't believe that wasn't here
originally.
I remember trying to play on an airplane
with my friend. It was rough. We
couldn't find a spot to put it on top.
It's handy for connecting a USBC
camera or charging in tabletop mode.
It's handy for the government to spy on
you. That's what this is for. Are we
worried about the Japanese government
now too? Nintendo Switch 2 comes with
256 GB of internal storage, 8 times that
of Nintendo Switch for storing your
games.
This is what happens when you make your
console larger. You get so many
benefits,
plus an extra USBC port, which is
revolutionary to connect to your TV and
enable up to 4K resolution. Oh, this
dock looks way sturdier, too. HDR is
also supported in TV. They definitely
held back on the first Switch. These are
such obvious
improvements. Why were we okay with the
Switch One? Okay, but you better design
your games properly. I don't want to be
seeing the new Pok√©mon games lagging.
Nintendo Switch 2, you can play Nintendo
Switch 2 games as well as compatible
Nintendo Switch games, physical and
supported. I mean, okay, I kind of knew
that, but is Mario Kart 8 Deluxe going
to make it there? I feel like it's not
going to. Otherwise, how are they going
to sell Mario Kart World?
I'm just so excited every time I see
that. My current location is actually
inside the game itself.
This is Nintendo Switch 2 welcome tour.
I was not expecting that. What is this?
What is
this? I'm standing over here. He's
standing over there. Join me inside the
game. This voice acting is incredible.
By the way, there are a lot of question
mark icons here. Join me inside the
game.
This sign reads, "Where are the
magnets?"
The Joy-Con 2 attached to the system
with magnets. Is this a game to learn
about the Nintendo Switch 2?
Okay, Nintendo, we're not that excited
about this console. Come on. A magnetic
circuit is formed between them so they
can easily detach. I don't want to learn
about the magnets right now.
Through examining signs and keys, you
can discover all sorts of secrets about
Nintendo Switch 2. Oh, okay. Yeah,
that's what I'm excited for. Controllers
have mouse controls. And when combined
with the gyros, you can even do
something like this. But yeah, I'm so
excited for the Nintendo Switch 2
because I can play a game that helps me
learn about the Nintendo Switch, too.
Oh, that's actually huge for golf,
though. Like, golf games always have a
really weird UI. This is This is
actually really cool. To tiny details
you might not notice until they're
pointed out. Yeah, like what's inside
the controller. I would never have
noticed without it being pointed out.
Tour will launch as a paid digital game
on the same day as Nintendo. You have to
pay for this. Check it out if you're
interested.
Now that is hilarious. Share some more
information. You have to pay for this.
We're also releasing a new pro
controller. No way. It has a C button
which launches. That's not even a real
picture, but that does look pretty cool.
And GR buttons which you can use to
assign existing button controls.
Oh, nice. Wait, I might switch to the
Pro Controller. We've introduced a few
new We'll see. We'll see if there's like
motion glider or like motion boating.
Oh man, I'm I love buttons on the back
of controllers. I love being optimal,
you know. And now the Nintendo Switch 2
launch date.
Yes. Tell me. Nintendo Switch 2 launches
on June 5th. June 5th. That's when Mario
Kart World is coming out. All get to
experience it. So please wait just a bit
longer. Oh, this is
awesome. Okay. How important is mouse
controls going to be though? Because I
feel like you need a table for that and
you're not you're not always going to
have one.
Let's check out three new and updated
modes. Is that Toad's voice? You'll be
able to see each other's faces as you
play so you can experience all the
reactions and emotions in real time.
Yeah. Is anyone going to use this
feature?
Online. Up next, it's Bowser Live, a
mode where the live team wins. Bowser
will bring you on. What?
I'm not doing that. I am not doing that.
Oh, that's actually cool though. That's
like those those Tik Tok filters where
you can play games. No, I I actually
love those. That's so exciting. like
brand new ways to play games. Who knows
how fun this is going to be, but this is
like the Nintendo
Wii. That's a hate crime, but whatever.
Nintendo. Okay, so I don't play a lot of
games besides Mario Kart, but yeah, this
comes out in July. I'll definitely give
this game a try. Upgrade to Nintendo
Switch Edition Jamberee TV by purchasing
an upgrade pack.
They say say purchasing and my brain
just tunes out. But I'm actually excited
for this cuz the gameplay does look
unique while playing. I don't know how
fun this going to be, but that looks so
different.
We hope you're looking forward to
Kirby's new adventure. Oh, I am. That
looks so cute. Go Kirby, go. Beyond will
have both a Nintendo Metroid Switch 2
edition. Wait, what? 4K. Choose from
these two modes, both of which support
HDR. Oh, so this is style. This is when
docked, right? This is on a TV. They
said the screen itself was 1080p, but
Za, which is scheduled to launch later
this year, will not only receive a
Nintendo Switch version, but a Nintendo
Switch 2 edition as well. Oh, wow.
Pokemon's coming out on both Nintendo
Switches. You can enjoy your adventure
in Lumio City with enhanced resolution.
I was not expecting that. And it's only
gonna perform well on the Nintendo
Switch 2. Those two edition games you
just saw will be as both physical and
digital. It's gonna lag so bad on
Nintendo Switch. There's no way that
game can be good. We own the Nintendo
Switch.
Dragon
Drive. Oh, that looks like Rocket
League, but we're like in wheelchairs.
Oh, that shooting mechanic. I can
already imagine. It's like that should
have gone
in. Oh, Nintendo controls. This is just
the Nintendo Wii again. You can wave to
your teammates. That's crazy. Like, how
do you make sure your shot goes in? Is
it just always going to go in? I'm so
skeptical about this game. But this is
so
cool. Oh, you can duck.
[Music]
Okay, block two. This is This is really
cool. Somehow this may be the most
realistic controlled basketball game
that we'll ever have.
Elden Ring.
I've not played this game, but I know
people like this game, so I'm going to
pretend to get excited about it. The
game is a story about friendship. Oh,
nice. Split fiction writes sci-fi and
Zoe who writes I've been playing this a
little bit together. They get trapped in
their own stories and it's up to you. It
is very fun to break free. I haven't
gotten past this uh some of the early
sections yet, but it's it's been fun so
far. Yeah, it's a great two-player game.
Hogwarts Legacy. It's a Nintendo Switch.
Okay, so I heard this game couldn't even
run on PC.
How is it going to run on the Switch,
too? Is the Switch 2 powerful enough?
Like the Switch One couldn't even handle
Pok√©mon. How's it going How's the Switch
2 going to handle this? Oh, look at the
new graphics in Mario Kart. This is so
cool. A city
track.
Spongebob. Okay, now I'm excited about
Tony Hawk's Bros. Skater. 3+ 4= 7. Oh,
wait. A new Zelda game. That's
Ganondorf.
[Music]
Yo. Oh, that's so cool. Wait, so we
haven't seen Link yet? We Oh, we're
playing as
Zelda. Yo, wow, that's so
[Music]
cool. Hyrule Warriors.
You can enjoy a new membership benefit
exclusively on Switch. Wait, I saw Mario
Kart 8 Deluxe there. Take a look at
this. Are you still going to be able to
I'm so curious about that. Can you still
play Mario Kart 8 Deluxe? Gamecube.
I have just the controller for this.
Nintendo Switch Online Plus expansion
pack will be getting a new classic game
library exclusive to Nintendo. Oh no.
Nintendo GameCube originally released in
2001. Here are the titles that will be
available at launch. A Legend of Zelda
game that looks like
what if we got Mario Kart Double Dash
and Super Smash Bros. Melee? That's way
too much to ask. But what if we got
those?
There is a
0.0% chance we get those. But could you
imagine? They're not going to make a new
game for F-Zero, and they're not going
to put Captain Falcon in Mario Kart, but
they'll uh let us play the old games
again.
More titles will be added in the future.
Come on. Come on.
Show me like one frame. No, I was a
little disappointed with that one.
I mean, I'm glad Gamecube games are
coming back. I have played some of those
before. Controller designed after the
original GameCube controller will also
be released. It can connect wirelessly
and also has a C but also has a C
button. Game chat.
The Nintendo Gamecube controller
exclusively available for Nintendo
Switch Online members will also be
available the same day as Nintendo
Switch 2. You know I'm excited for that.
Whether you're familiar with, you know,
I am so excited for that. My baby, the
Gamecube controller,
it's frozen.
Everyone's saying it's frozen. Hi, I'm
Dave from Dodge Roll. I can't see a
thing. This is great.
Oh, thanks
Nintendo. It couldn't handle 1.4 million
people watching at once. Now reloaded in
a new 3D art style. I wonder if this is
Nintendo's fault or YouTube's fault.
Elements to return. This is so funny.
Still working on the game. We're
excited. Nintendo Switch 2 launches on
June 5th. June 5th. Mark your calendars,
everyone. Options that will be available
at launch. So, we're going to get Mario
Kart with this. As well as a bundle
includes a digital version of Mario Kart
World. Please check the official
Nintendo. Oh, they're bundling this now.
They want the sales for Mario Kart World
to be insane. We've covered a lot of
information, but that's all we have to
share for today. All right, I hope you
enjoyed my reaction to the trailer. Now,
let's see what we can learn by analyzing
the Mario Kart World trailer. We're
going to go shot by shot here, and I'll
tell you everything that I saw, but if
you see anything that I missed, let me
know in the comments. So, first, we have
a huge cast of characters, and we're
getting a lot more confirmed later, but
let me just point out who I see already.
We have Bowser Jr., Baby Luigi, Pauline,
Luigi, Berto, Shy Guy. Um, we'll play it
in slow-mo here for you. We also have
Baby Peach, Toad, Wario, Peach, Baby
Daisy, Waluigi, Baby Roselina, Baby
Mario, Daisy, Yoshi, Toadette, Roselina,
Donkey Kong, Lacatu, King Buu, Koopa
Troopa, Bowser, and Mario. Okay, there
are plenty more characters to come, but
this is what we see so far just from the
24 on the starting line. Also, it's
weird that they make these little faces
when they hop. And yeah, they're
definitely a lot more expressive and
more cartoonish looking now. So, the
first track we see is Mario Bros.
Circuit. We already saw this in the
previous trailer, so let's keep going.
We get to see a new track here. I'm not
exactly sure what this is, but based on
the Toad thing and the bridge and the
boost panels, I imagine this is most
likely Mushroom Bridge from the
Gamecube. I'm going to speculate about
tracks as we go. So, I'm not going to
explain too much. I'm just going to say
what track I think it is. So, I think
this one's Mushroom Bridge. This one
looks like it's Mario Bros. Circuit
again. Uh, this one I actually have no
idea, but it's really cool. Look at the
boats. So, you land in the water and
then you can start drifting on top of
the water. I And then you're like your
cart turns into a boat, too. That's
really cool. And then here we have DK
Pass. This one's from the DS. And also
first confirmation of double item boxes.
We have Roselina on the vehicle with
skis. Maybe this will make you go faster
on the on the icy surfaces. I'm not
sure. And I have no clue what track this
is. But this part's really interesting.
Look how we're gliding but without
gliders. Like there's no glider on top
of your vehicle. Your vehicle actually
changes. I think this is really, really
cool. I definitely like this version of
gliding better. And the trick
animations, they look way more
cartoonish than before as well. I'm not
sure what track this is. This maybe
could be Mushroom City just with this
stuff, but it doesn't really look like
it to me. I'm not sure about this one.
This is definitely reminiscent of Mount
Wario, but I don't think it's Mount
Wario. Like some parts are similar, but
with all the alternate paths. I mean, I
really am glad that there is a skiing
track with alternate paths. I feel like
that's the whole thing with skiing, and
Mount Wario never had that. So, that's
really cool. I feel like this one could
be Mario Bros. Circuit again. And the
road here does look similar, but this
could be on different tracks. The
background doesn't look too similar. I
wonder if the weather is different here
or if this is just a completely
different track. But you can tell by the
multiple roads here and also this water
stream just how open world some of these
new tracks are going to be. Like is that
a different track or is it the same
track but you can just like take
different paths depending on the
situation? I'm not sure. We'll have to
find
out. This track is called Peach Resorts
most likely. And we have some new
characters confirmed here too. Look, we
have Hammer Bro, we have Nabbit. And we
have Goomba. I'm so excited. Oh, and I
am going to be a Goomba mane. Let me
know in the comments who your new main
is going to be. I mean, unless there's
some other characters that I like more
than Goomba, but this was the one I'm
most excited for. I can't believe it.
The little bro is actually in the game.
This track reminds me of a level in
Crash Bandicoot. I mean, this looks so
cool. I'm really excited for this. And
who knows if you're going to be gliding
or going to be riding on this chain on
this side. I don't know. Oh, there's so
many new mechanics in this game. Now,
this track may be Bowser's Castle or
like an old retro Bowser's Castle track
just redesigned, but I wonder who is
this guy right behind Wario. Uh, this is
a character that I couldn't really
recognize. And I'm not sure if it's just
a different character with a costume or
if it's like I I can't really tell who
that is, but maybe it'll be covered cuz
I did find other characters. So, maybe
it'll be covered by uh one of the ones
that I I mentioned later. This track
looks a lot like N64 Wario Stadium.
There's a lot of Wario themed stuff. And
uh the pink and the blue. I I think it's
N64 Warrior Stadium. This one I couldn't
really tell what it is. Uh and then here
we have Is that the same character that
I just saw? Like or is this just Koopa
Troopa with a costume? I have no clue at
this point. Also, it looks like they're
alternate paths, which is really cool.
Maybe you can even ride the rail down
the middle here. That looks like that's
what that middle part is. More double
item boxes. Love it. This track, I'm so
excited for this track. I have no clue
what it is. It looks like some sort of
noir film sort of setup. And with King
Buu, like the look at King Buu. Look at
that. That looks amazing. You know, the
characters and carts just look super
flexible in this game. Like they really
went for the cute feel and I like it.
Also, this is definitely Shy Guy Bizaar,
but now we can go above the the little
awnings. This is And look at this
vehicle that Shy Guyy's driving. Like,
this looks beautiful. Okay. And then
this part, this is crazy. I have no clue
how this is going to work, but you can
like move across the walls. And then,
okay, there's a cow. You can play as the
moo cow. That is wild, dude. You're
doing a wheelie on the wire. And look,
there's boost rings here. And other
racers are gliding. Some of you are
taking the wire. I have no clue. Like,
where are we even coming from? There's a
road right here. I don't know what is
going on, but we we're playing as the
cow. We're playing as Goomba. Maybe that
guy's going to be my main. And then we
have Mega Mushroom. Toad gets a mega
mushroom and then starts squishing
everybody. You know, I made a wish list
for this game and I was really hoping
this is like this is a really good time
for the mega mushroom to come back
because with 24 players, there's so many
people to squish. And here we can see
that when you get hit, one, two, three,
three coins pop out.
Uh-oh. Bagging is going to be good
again. Oh, I'm not going to explain
myself on that one, but yeah, I don't
really like that. Um, and then we have
See, three coins pop out again. We have
a hammer item. Um, so when I first saw
this, I was thinking maybe each
character is going to get custom items.
Like we saw Toad with a mega mushroom
and Hammer Bro with hammers, but I I
don't think that's going to be the case.
And you'll see why later. But yeah,
let's just keep watching. We have a coin
block item. And look how it's dropping
coins behind you as well. So racers
behind you can pick up those coins, too.
And like with 24 players, honestly, the
fight for coins will be intense. So I'm
really glad this coin block item exists.
Hopefully it'll be like a midpack item.
So, lots of players behind you can grab
it. And okay, look at this. We have to
look at what Luigi did before this
bullet bill came
out. Come on. Look at that. Luigi is
trailing a bullet bill. Like, is that
going to defend you against a red shell
or something? But like, trailing items
is a big thing in this game. And maybe
it's not voluntary. Maybe it
automatically shows up behind you and
that's just what it looks like when you
have an item so other people can see
what you have. But yeah, that's really
interesting. I have no clue what's going
on here. Let me know if you have any
idea what this is. Like, why did Berto
go in and no one else went in? And how
does this work? Cuz this looks so
overpowered. Do you need an item to do
that? And then now Mario is eating a
burger and turning
into different Mario.
Like, every character is doing this. I
have no clue what this does. I mean,
obviously it changes your costume, but
like functionally, what is this doing? I
don't think we know that yet. But yeah,
there's so many different costumes now,
and this honestly looks really, really
good. It's starting to remind me of
Mario Kart Tour with these costumes and
trick animations. Uh, the physics I'm a
little bit worried about, but I think
it's probably going to be okay. Okay,
now here we have a few more characters
confirmed. We have the
snowman and we have uh Charging Chuck.
Oh, this is so cool. There's way too
many characters in this game. That is so
nice. Um, and then here, uh, this looks
like I'm not sure. Maybe this is the
track that I thought was mushroom
bridge. So, maybe there is no mushroom
bridge. But yeah, there's this little
barrel car that you can go through. And
then there's this huge bomb right here.
I mean, I guess that's okay. And then
and then over here there is that little
lunchbox or lunch bag thing that we
first saw in Mario Bros. Circuit. And
maybe that's going to give you the
burger that you can eat so you can
change costume. I'm still so curious.
What does that even do? And I'm also
glad the cars are smaller cuz 24
players. I do not want to get bumped
into these things. Okay, I don't know
what track this is, but this giant sand
monster. Incredible. And then uh so
there's going to be a track coming up
soon as well. Look, this huge whale.
Like this is not stuff we usually see.
We've seen dolphins and dolphin trolls,
but this is crazy. And this is Peach
Stadium. Look, it reminds me so much of
Mario Kart Stadium. Uh look at that
Peach Stadium. So yeah, this is this is
incredible. And that is just I guess in
the middle of the open world. Like can
we I can't really tell what track is
what, but like you know we have a lava
section. We have a a forest section, an
ice section probably with Roselina's ice
world, DK Pass and all those. Uh and
then like sand over here. Maybe this is
just like planes. Uh yeah, this is this
this is really cool. I've never thought
about like actually placing all of the
Mario Kart tracks on a map, but that's
what we're getting now. This is It kind
of when I first saw this, it reminded me
of Mario Party, honestly. And that's the
end of the first part of the trailer,
but there is actually more. And so,
we're just going to take a look. Like,
we have a little bullet car. I really
love that. Love all the gliders. This
charging Chuck charging into a charging
Chuck. That is so It's so funny when the
enemies on the track, you also get to
play as them at the exact same time. I
love that. Okay, we have a boomerang
item confirmed. And that character, I
think I figured out who it is later, but
uh let's just keep watching. Um we have
a
catacqu where you can actually see the
border of the hitbox of it. That's
really nice. Um and this is actually
cool. Um you can see like the way that
Charge and Chuck spun out there. And
then the way that these characters, the
Catac and Waluigi, the way that they
spun out, watch Wario and Daisy relative
to the characters that just got hit.
Look at how far forward you spin out.
That's actually really good. I hope that
the items getting hit by them is not
quite as punishing cuz losing three
coins is already so punishing. Um, and
then, okay, what was that track right
there? Uh, so this is Mumu Meadows. Um,
oh, by the way, just take a look at Mumu
Meadows. Like a track where we should be
very familiar with. Look at how open it
is. We have a blocked off alternate path
on this side. We have just open areas on
this side. I'm pretty sure this is more
just for the open world, not when you're
really really racing on the track. Uh,
but then there's a knockout tour that
also is coming where you probably are
going to take these alternate paths.
That is really, really cool. Okay, so
we're going to keep going here. And uh I
don't recognize this track. I don't know
what that is. Uh there's just a zebra.
Like we just have real animals here. I
don't know if there's a Mario version of
a zebra, but like is that a track based
on Africa? And this one is insane. What?
This is like from Mission Impossible.
There's just like a
floating floating finish line. Airship
Fortress. So excited. This was one of my
top ones to come back. But look at this.
What is going on right here? Why are we
gliding to the track? Is this a
different layout to Airship Fortress?
Cuz clearly the path curves like this
the way that we expect the track to go.
But who knows? Maybe this is lap three.
Maybe on lap three you just glide
straight here. Or maybe it's a shortcut.
But like I don't know. I don't think
everyone took the shortcut at once. So
yeah, that's very interesting. I'm
excited to see what happens there. Uh
King Boo's costume is so funny. Uh the
different weather. I think this is a
track we've already seen, but it's
raining. And they did say that the
weather can change, which is so
interesting. And also, listen to this.
And in this Mario Kart game, that is
Toad's Factory music. I don't think we
saw Toad's Factory for sure, but the
music is here. The track has to be here.
More characters revealed. Uh, we have
the Sidestepper. We have Stingb. We have
I think that's Monty Mole. We have a
Bittybud. Uh, can we see any more here?
The the penguin from Super Mario 64. We
have Spike. We have one of the bats from
Choco Mountain. I I think Oh, I can't I
can't really can't really see it
anymore. Um, yeah. This is This is so
amazing. Is there going to be a hundred
different characters? Drive virtually
everywhere. This game is so huge. This
is by far the biggest Mario Kart we've
ever seen. And then we can see some of
the tracks that are going to be here.
And like these are probably all new
tracks, right? This is the Mushroom Cup.
We've seen Mario Bros. Circuit, Crown
City. I think we've seen a lot of this.
Um we definitely saw DK Spaceport
earlier. That's a really cool DK. Um
Airship Fortress, Wario Stadium. I think
this is N64 Wario Stadium, so not the
same one that we've already seen in the
recent game. Not DS Wario Stadium. Shy
Guy Bazaar, Desert Hills. Uh these are
all tracks we've seen before. And then,
okay, Star View Peak. I'm curious if
this is the one we saw with the floating
finish line or if this is just
Roselina's Icew World. Um, and they
renamed it because Roselina's Icew World
is too long. But yeah, DK Pass. I can't
believe they brought Sky Sunday back.
Come on. I mean, it looks better than
before, but I really hope they made it
play more interesting. Wario Shipyard.
So excited for that one. Obviously, DK
Pass. I love that one from the DS. Far
Away Oasis. This looks like we got
elephants and giraffes, too. This looks
like the Africa based track. And I'm so
excited because we never got a city
track for Africa. Koopa, Troopa Beach.
Um, wait, Crown
City. Oh, well, I didn't even notice
that earlier. Crown City is here and
Crown City is also in the Shell
Cup. Is that just like Crown City with
different weather? Cuz you can see like
that little circle monument is the same
in
both. Okay, that's interesting. Maybe
it's a different layout through Crown
City. Okay, so then Peach
Stadium. Uh, let's see what other tracks
we have. Oh, okay. No more. Um, yeah.
So, a lot of these we'll have to
speculate, but the Bitty Buggy is coming
back. So excited for that
one. Uh, Catquack. Oh, Pokey. Pokey. You
get to play as a a Pokey. I was not
expecting this. You can play as so many
Mario enemies in this game. I'm actually
very happy. But who's that?
That's
the That's the little bonefish. I don't
know what that one's called. I didn't
study up on this one. Oh man. And look
at this. H. There's so much to analyze
in this trailer. Look at the way we came
out of SNES Mario Circuit 3. Look at
that. This is like this is the final
shortcut in SNES Mario Circuit 3. And
then you like you go that way. You go
upwards there to the finish line. This
is a track we're very familiar with. And
uh yeah, so that track's coming back
apparently. And then you just drive out
of SAS Mario Circuit 3 and you're just
on a different track. What? That's
crazy. This is DK
Pass. Oh, the costumes are crazy. Okay.
And then we have Knockout Tour. Th This
is interesting. It's like a new game
mode where you get to play through
several different tracks and you get
knocked out if you don't get a high
enough placement. Okay. We do get some
preview track icons right here, but
honestly, this is I don't know what
these tracks are, like if they're ones
that we've seen before or haven't seen
before.
Okay. And uh this part doesn't look like
there's much to analyze, right? Nope.
There's always stuff to analyze. Look at
the upper left here. Look at the item
box rolling through. So, we have lots of
confirmed items here. We have the green
shell, blue shell, hammer, blooper,
mushroom, mega mushroom, triple red
shells, firefl shock, red shell, ice
flower, triple bananas, ba bomb, triple
green shells, super horn, star, triple
mushrooms, a kamic crystal ball,
boomerang, boo, and a coin block. That's
all we have confirmed just from that
item roulette roll. But there's
definitely going to be more items than
just that. Like where's the single
banana? I saw it earlier. Um it didn't
show up here. Uh so okay, coin item
confirmed. Maybe I'm worried about this.
I like there being coins in the game,
but the coin item, at least we have
double item boxes. They're not going to
mess it up like Mario Kart 8 for the Wii
U. Uh but I don't know how much I like
the coin item. I don't know how much I
like dropping three coins when you get
hit. it uh isn't to my liking, but you
know, I'm I'm willing to give it a shot.
Then we have free roam mode. Uh you
could just kind of go anywhere. I'm so
curious how the items are going to work
in this mode. And like the off-road,
maybe you can go fast through the
off-road. Yeah. Yeah. Look at these
trick animations. A lot of them are like
a double trick, which looks really nice.
Um okay, this this is interesting. Look
at that. You can trick as soon as you
enter the water. So you can like trick
off the thing you went to enter the
water and then you trick as you bounce
in the water. Very interesting. And then
afterwards, it looks like you're just
driving on the water. So, probably no
more tricks. And then look at this
railing up here with the coins. Look at
how many coins you can get. What are you
going to be able to spend coins on stuff
like new costumes, new tracks, you like
unlock stuff by spending coins. Um, you
can take pictures with your friends. If
you can play as the Miis, I don't know
if we saw any Miis yet, but if you can
play as the Miis, that's going to be
very, very cool. Um, to just Okay, Dino
Dino Jungle. Did you see that? There is
a new dinosaur on Dino Dino Jungle. I
don't think this was here before, but
later you're going to see that you can
actually drive up this thing. Like,
okay, here's the bridge. This is
definitely Dino Dino Jungle. Um, we
actually get confirmation of it later.
Okay, I don't know what track this is.
Um, that might be Shy Guy Bazaar. I
don't know what track this is. Uh, yeah,
I'm just I'm just so excited for like
all of the tracks that we've seen. Even
the ones that we already have seen from
before, they look really really good.
Um, yeah, we saw a bunch of characters
there, but nothing I haven't already
talked about. All right, then the
trailer is technically over, but during
this section, we actually are going to
see more Mario Karts. I'm really
confused what mechanic I'm seeing right
here. Watch the Koopa Troopa. We already
saw Toad do it, but watch how they just
like nothing hits them. They just bounce
and trick and then they land and they
get a speed boost. So, like, where did
that come from? And then Toad just did a
trick, too. Like, what what is this
mechanic? Why? Why are we able to trick?
And they just bounced on another player.
This shock animation really nailing the
cartoon style. Um and you know, everyone
just dropped their coins. Uh see the
little four coins here. Okay. It went
from
five to
three. Why are we dropping two coins
now? Okay. And then picked up a coin. So
then so then it becomes four in a sec.
Okay. So do you drop a variable amount
of coins depending cuz like we saw a lot
of three coin drops earlier, right? I
wasn't just making that up. Uh, yeah.
So, I wonder if you have when you have
fewer coins, you will actually drop
fewer coins. I mean, that's not ideal
for me, but I that's a change I would
like. And also, there's more. Thank you
to Pi for telling me that there's more
stuff you can find on the Mario Kart
World website. But yeah, there's just
like extra clips here. I mean, this is
cool. There's actually new stuff we
learned from these. So, we have this
Peach Resort thing going on here, but
this just looks like Peach Beach from
the Gamecube. And see this pink castle
back here. Like we only get a few
seconds of this clip. We don't learn too
much. But then we have another look. See
the pink castle is still here. This is
probably the same track. It says Peach
Resort everywhere. And this just looks
like Peach Beach. It's the same layout.
So I wonder if this track is going to be
Peach Beach or Peach Resort. Now here we
can actually see a cart to charge up a
full mini turbo. Look at this. We have a
rainbow charge. Okay. So this is uh
Mario drifting, right? It's going to be
like it's a bit overlapped because watch
how he gets a draft boost from staying
right behind uh whoever that is. Um Oh
yeah, this is a new character I think. I
I was unable to figure out who that is.
Um maybe you guys can figure it out. But
yeah, so he gets a draft boost. That's
where these this little boost is coming
from. He has not released the mini
turbo. So we see blue and then orange
and then rainbow. Okay, it looks purple,
but it actually goes up to rainbow.
That's cool. Okay, is that Daisy with a
cap and a ponytail? I don't know. And
also there's a golden shell item. What
does that do? We have this really cool
lava track. Like this is such a long
cannon glider. I actually love this
track. This is so cool. And then we have
this clip which is super interesting
because look at this. 13 coins. I don't
think this is six laps. I think this is
six checkpoints for their knockout
system. But what 13 coins? How many
coins can you get in this game? And then
yeah, other than that, like I love that
you're going to hang out with people.
This is going to make um just
experimenting with stuff on the track
like shortcuts and stuff a lot easier
probably cuz you can play online without
getting disconnected when you don't
move. Look, you just bounce on the
strike guy. What? Oh. So yeah. Anyway,
um that's about it for my analysis of
this trailer. Let me know if you saw
anything that I didn't see. Um I looked
over the whole thing. Um, and definitely
we need a lot of people to contribute to
uh being able to spot everything. So,
yeah, I'm very excited for this. Let me
know what you're looking forward to most
in not Mario Kart 9, but Mario Kart
World. Now we know the name of it. And
uh yeah, I hope to play with you guys
all online in Mario Kart World starting
on June 5th. It's going to be really
exciting and uh you definitely don't
want to miss