[Music]
please enjoy each game reveal
[Music]
equally what is going on everybody
Rogers base here it is now midnight on
April 2nd
2025 in Los Angeles Angeles and I am
live until the switch 2 direct at 6:00
a.m. what is going on everybody I am
already seeing so many people in here
despite the fact that it's
midnight this is crazy I can't believe
I'm actually live I cannot believe today
is finally the day that we are going to
see the switch to I am shocked genuinely
shocked at the turnout already this
early in the morning this early before
the switch two direct I went live and
already there's 300 people in here my
chat is flying hello 3M Squad good
morning good morning good morning yes
sir why am I awake at 3:00 a.m. good qu
why am I streaming at midnight why am I
doing this the reason why plain and
simple is the fact that I don't know how
many console launches I'm going to
experience in my lifetime right we get
one console launch for Nintendo pretty
much every five six 7 8 years right this
is not a normal occurring thing this is
something that we have to cherish
whenever it happens and that is what I'm
doing today I am cherishing it I have
tons of plans I've already seen so many
people in my live chat saying Roger you
know what are you planning on doing for
six hours before this Direct by the way
shout out to Benjamin the first member
of I'm sure many members on the stream
welcome welcome Benjamin
nak welcome so what is the plan what am
I going to do for the next 6 hours well
obviously we're going to be sharing our
predictions for what's going to happen
during the switch to direct my
predictions on reveals my predictions on
Hardware my predictions on other reveals
things like the Pro Controller and stuff
bro we just started and already I got
two membership man this is great thank
you very much everybody thank you SM SMF
coming through with the membership as
well nakama welcome welcome uh so I'm
going to be doing predictions literally
throughout the course of the entire
stream I'm going to be chatting with all
of you I'm going to be bringing the hype
I see ky say I'm going to be back in
five minutes welcome welcome get your
coffee do what you got to do I I can't
believe there's this many people who are
in here already this early in the
morning I'm genuinely shocked for those
of you that are on Eastern time that are
in New York it is 3:00 a.m. currently
for those of you that are just joining
me who are in California you know it the
clock just turned midnight I saw so many
people who thought that I was joking
that I said oh no I'm going to go live
at midnight I'm going to be live for an
hour for every 10 minutes of the direct
and people are like no there's no way
he's doing that it's got to be an April
Fool's joke no man n I've also seen so
many people who are like there's no way
he's going to be falling asleep during
the direct no I'm not I think you
underestimate how hype I am for this
event I think you underestimate what a
big deal this is cuz also the thing that
I think that's important to note right
at the very beginning of this live
stream okay I'm going to be on a plane
to New York in like 15 hours all right
I'm I'm off to New York to go play this
sucker I'm going to be going to the fan
experiences I'm going to be meeting a
bunch of you I am supremely excited
supremely excited but I figured since
it's an overnight flight who cares I I
could have my long sleep on the flight
I'm chilling I'm good if I want to sleep
on the flight to New York that's fine
who cares that's good so if I don't
sleep that much or I didn't to be fair
last night if I didn't sleep that much
last night it's not that big of a deal
it's not really going to matter all that
much cuz guess what I could sleep on my
plane that's okay and then guess what I
could sleep after that too we're good
also I feel like yesterday I pretty much
took it easy I got my haircut did a
couple things that I needed to do packed
up my bags got ready obviously we've got
Japan time at noon so 12 hours from now
I'm going to be doing Japan time with
chofu and the whole Japan Time Squad
zeff Ricky everybody we're going to be
talking about all the switch 2 news and
uh and yeah I'm already like prepacked
I'm good to go I'm chilling we're here
bro there's already 450 people in the
Stream watching concurrently and it's
this is going to be crazy dude if the
turnout is this big at 12 in the morning
six hours beforehand I can't even
imagine what the stream is going to be
like like even an hour before the direct
and we haven't even done anything yet I
literally just turned on the stream my
my also you could tell my lights are a
little dim because I don't want it to be
too bright right I want to gradually
wake up over the course of the morning
plush man coming through with 20 bucks
at the beginning of the stream simply
saying hello hello to you plush man I
hope you are ready for what is going to
be quite possibly my biggest live stream
of all time I actually feel like this
has the opportunity to turn into the
biggest live stream I've ever done I
really genuinely believe that I also got
to say too rean is a saint I'm seeing
someone saying don't wake up rean rean
is a saint she's a saint she basically
she was like I understand what a big
deal this is I'm going to go sleep in
the other room you have your fun so
she's sleeping on the couch right now
with Obie the two of them are night
night and you know what they're used to
me screaming in the middle of the night
they're fine they could sleep through
pretty much anything and I can't imagine
I'm going to be screaming at like 2 a.m.
or anything like that I think we're
going to be okay for work but shout out
to rean and Obi also Pokemon trainer Ray
coming through with the Super Chat
saying Roger I cannot wait for this man
I am so hyped $400 for s to PS I'm
watching One Piece right now trying to
get caught up I'm currently on the zark
bro you're entering the good stuff right
now zo is one of my favorite Post Time
skip arcs looking forward to you is
pillow s ready of bro of course of what
kind of Rogers Bas stream would this be
what kind of Nintendo reaction would
this be without pillow Sama of course
pillow Sama is ready not only is pillow
Sama ready not only is mini pillow Sama
ready over here
here wi remote pillow Sama is ready to
go if they announce Wii Virtual Console
or Wii NSO for switch 2 I'm at the ready
I got my Wii remote from the Nintendo
Museum ready to go I also have I should
probably fill you guys in on what I'm
doing today I see chroma saying Roger
your time streaming timer is off I know
that's the one thing I couldn't get that
working pre-stream and so I figured I'll
just troubleshoot it on stream we got
six hours anyway I see yeah my time
streaming thing isn't working I might as
well just turn that off for the time
being I think it's this one yeah yeah
we're good we're good we're good I'll
keep it there for the time being and
then we'll see I I think I set up this
little like countdown thing where it's a
count up but it doesn't seem to be
working which is crazy because the
Nintendo switch 2 one over here as you
can see we got the countdown until the
switch 2 direct that one's working just
fine bro how has it already been 10
minutes this is insane thank you by the
way to Pokemon trainer Ray coming
through with the membership nak great
appreciate that thank you thank you
thank you Lloyd Gabriel saying I want to
see breath of the wild in 4k please I
feel like that's probably an
inevitability I mean do you guys want me
to go over my bingo board again real
quick I feel like I already did my video
talking about it but I feel like I can
absolutely go over my bingo board again
for people who maybe missed my
prediction video and want to see what
I'm expecting for this I'll pop up on my
bingo board but I also want to sort of
fill you guys in on what I'm planning on
doing for 6 hours I haven't even had the
chance to do it because everyone coming
through with donations this is crazy I
got 500 people in here at midnight this
is insane Tornado Man 360 came through
with the Super Chat and said frankly I
think after this we're going to need a
funeral service for pillow Sama I think
pillow Sama is going to be just fine
here's why this is actually a really
good lead in to my first topic
conversation about the predictions for
this
direct obviously I feel like there's a
couple really big locks I feel like a
really big lock is Mario Kart Mario
Kart's obviously going to get me excited
but but barring something really really
really really jaw-dropping I don't see a
world in which Mario Kart would get me
as hype as even like Rhythm Heaven did
or tomadachi life did during that last
Nintendo Direct because both of those
announcements were so shocking and we're
expecting Mario Kart like I'm wearing my
Mario Kart hoodie everybody knows we're
going to get Mario Kart today that's
like the worst kept secret it's not even
a secret I mean Nintendo straight up
showed Mario Kart for the switch too
it's the first game they've ever showed
gameplay of so natur of course we're
going to see Mario Kart during this
thing um I also feel like the other lock
in terms of a first-party game we're
going to see during this is the next
Mainline 3D Mario and unless that game
is like again very different from your
Odyssey and galaxies I'm obviously going
to be very hyped to see it because I
love the 3D Mario games but again you
guys who are longtime fans of my channel
know I'm not like the biggest Mario fan
in the world right like I really love 3D
Mario and I love the Mario spin-offs
things like your Mario parties and your
Mario Tennis and stuff but I feel like
for for like 2D Mario kind of games I
don't know I'm just I'm not a super
duper big fan uh oh wait people going
wait wait whoa whoa what's going on hold
on Roger PC is messing up wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait what's happening are
we good people were saying made my eyes
bleed wait what just happened bug mode
what happened the stream bugged out for
a second there you're good now you're
good now oh thank you Benny appreciate
that uh the demon was there for a second
it's because I said it's because I said
I'm not the biggest Mario fan in the
world during a Nintendo
Direct that's why that's why you guys
you sound a robotic for a second it's
all good now it was just a weird audio
glitch just don't insult Mario again it
was the ninjas your mic ended up farting
okay okay okay what I was saying what I
was saying sorry about sorry about your
ears everybody really apologize for that
thankfully we're getting the glitches
out early let's get the glitches out at
like midnight so that everything works
seamlessly once the direct actually
starts um but what I was saying I feel
like 3D Mario whatever it ends up being
is probably going to look really cool
and I'm sure I'm going to be losing my
mind seeing that game but 3D Mario and
Mario Kart which I assume are going to
be the two really big showcases during
this direct neither of those are things
that I feel like I'm going to be like
ripping up pillow s for
bro I can't I just can't get over how
many people are already in here this
early in the morning I'm also seeing
zeep in the chat I'm seeing James in the
chat welcome to both of you hello hello
hello and welcome um so yeah I feel like
I don't know I think barring smash BRS
Animal
Crossing like a like a big franchise
that I really kidikas sakurai's next
game Star Fox like there's definitely
things that I think are going to have me
pop off and I just genuinely think like
seeing some of the things that the
hardware can do is going to be something
that's going to be exciting to me right
like I think seeing the mouse controls
and what games they're choosing to
Showcase and like all the third party
stuff that's exciting to me like I feel
like that will be enough but I honestly
don't know if they are going to deliver
something that's going to shock me to
the point where I'm going to be like
ripping apart my pillow I'm seeing um
hard in the chat just said give me
Professor Leighton look Professor Leon
the fact that it wasn't at the last
switch direct is leading me to believe
that I don't think we're going to end up
seeing it here thank you by the way to
Jacob coming through with the membership
nakama greatly appreciate it again I'm
sure I am in a pop off if we end up
seeing a 3D Mario I'm sure I will be
popping off for Mario Kart 2 but I think
to the level in which pillow Sama would
need a funeral and then I would need to
retire pillow Sama and that this thing
is going to be destroyed I don't
necessarily think so again that's being
reserved for like your Smash Bros your
xenoblades your your fire emblems your
animal crossings that kind of stuff and
I feel like another thing I you know
what let me just go to my bingo board
let me go to my bingo board again let me
pull this back up and I'll show you guys
everything also I could showcase some of
the other stuff that I put together on
my screen over here while I'm doing this
so I just want to bring this up right
now you can see this is my just chatting
screen for as people are flooding in
here right then I've got my Nintendo
Direct reaction screen of course for
when we are live with the Nintendo
Direct I've got that with the full
screen right here I got the little
membership goal thing on the bottom you
got the live chat going you got the
countdown everything's looking good so I
got this we're also going to be
utilizing this during the portion of
today's stream where I'm going to be
playing some retro games which I'm going
to explain a little bit later again we
got six hours there's no need to rush
this we could take our time let's savor
every minute and the one of the next
portions of my stream is going to end up
lasting a very very very long time and
that is this portion so if you're
wondering okay why do the screen look
like this thank thank you by the way to
Ace coming through with the Super Chat
saying Roger glad to be here with
everyone come on Nintendo give him that
Fire Emblem game dude I would love to
see it I also want to shout out Justin
who um whose Super Chat I missed earlier
who came through and said oh my gosh
we're getting a bunch of these wait a
minute wait a minute wait a minute
Justin Justin I just saw you you said
I'm getting my silk song clown mask
ready please Tim Cher I beg of you I
don't think we're seeing silk song today
I think if we were going to see silk
song we would have seen it in the direct
yesterday I mean last week yesterday
what am I talking about last week I
don't think we're seeing it here uh
Lloyd also super chatted and said what
if we end up getting a new modern fzero
that could be released on the switch 2
to showcase the power of the switch 2
new f-zero would certainly have me
popping off I would be grabbing this Wii
Remote and breaking down my camera if we
got a new f-zero game that would be
insane I would love to see it I hope
that's the case I would love to see a
new f-zero um also what is this other
one Salvador also said give me gold
Golden Sun collection please I am
begging you give me Golden Sun
collection we already have Golden Sun on
uh NSO Golden Sun one and two there's no
need for a collection we can literally
play those on stream if we want to play
those they're there they're here um also
glad to be here with everyone thank you
very very much bro I'm seeing all these
these memberships in these super chats
this is crazy you guys got to slow your
roll this is so early in the morning wow
Mars Invasion coming through saying give
me Luigi's Mansion 4 or Paper Mario the
Thousand-Year Door 2 or I will Riot well
I don't think you're getting Paper Mario
the Thousand-Year Door 2 I do think
Luigi's Mansion 4 actually has a
relatively strong chance of showing up
here I feel like Luigi's Mansion is a
sub genre that consistently sells a
bunch and I feel like that game
potentially being announced here for
like a fall release because I do
genuinely believe the switch 2 is going
to be a summer release I feel like that
would make a lot of sense I honestly
feel like that is going to be a
relatively likely thing that could
happen yeah coach said this dude's going
to be dead tired and won't react hard
enough in 5 hours impossible I'm telling
you I'm pacing myself today also welcome
Coast welcome also thank you very much
to Beacon coming through with the
membership as well nakama greatly
appreciate that love to see that thank
you very much also not only did Lloyd
become a member Lloyd just gifted five
memberships as well welcome welcome
welcome nakama thank you thank you thank
you yeah don't worry about though did
you get a nap in I did I got a nap in um
like last night so I slept for about
three hours we're chilling I want to see
a new paper boy game paper boy James I
don't think I don't think we're seeing a
new paper boy game today that would be
kind of ludicrous you think we're seeing
paper boy uh Benjamin just said switch
to Hype can't wait to see what happens
Cosmic just said when Nintendo announced
the direct I immediately thought I'm
going to watch it with Roger and chat I
started playing Nintendo games thanks to
you that warms my heart I love to hear
that happy to hear that I helped you get
to Nintendo games welcome welcome
welcome mono King came in here as well
saying I'm assuming that we will focus
on Console features and not on game
announcements except for Mario Kart but
if Fire Emblem or Xenoblade gets
announced that will end up doing it for
me that's what I'm that's what I'm
talking about like Fire Emblem Xenoblade
that kind of stuff is going to have me
popping off I cannot wait but hold on I
want to explain to you guys what the
screen is for why the layout is looking
like this right now now essentially I
figured I've wanted to do this for a
while but I figured now would be the
best time to do it I figured today I
would sit down and I would rank my top
25 all-time favorite Nintendo switch
games but here's how we're doing this I
basically bookmarked there's a page on
Nintendo life all switch
games this is a full breakdown you guys
can't see it on this screen so I'll open
it up on this one this is a full
breakdown it's 20 pages long of every
major Nintendo switch game ever made we
are going to go one by one and I was
actually inspired for this section of
the stream by uh Jeff gersman for
formerly of Gamespot and then uh giant
bomb and now he's off doing his own
thing but he's been doing these like top
25 lists where he's going in
alphabetical order of every single game
and then sort of ranking where you
should put stuff um also I'm seeing zeep
said you should make like a no port or
remaster rule just to make it extra
interesting I am actually doing that I'm
I'm going to for certain remasters I am
probably going to include some of them
but for ports unless it's something that
really stood out on the switch I am most
likely going to be leaving ports off
there's also plenty of stuff that I feel
like I could easily put on this list
even if we are sort of leaving off ports
and things like that so yeah so we're
going to be doing that this whole top 25
switch list thing we're going to be
doing that at one point then I also have
this screen open as well this mobile
game screen many of you know this if you
tuned in to my last chill stream I found
a way to hook up my phone to the
computer so if at like 4:00 A.M I feel
like doing some Pokemon TCG pocket pulls
with you guys we're going to be doing
that so we're going to be doing that as
well additionally let me go back to my
just chatting screen over here
additionally do you notice this over
here right over here let me show you
this this for those of you guys that
missed my birthday stream back on March
99th I have an actual working Roger Pond
gasa machine Reagan made this for my
birthday and basically every day in the
leadup to my birthday she put little
like stickers and little gifts in every
single one of these little gotas so what
we're going to do probably around like
the 3:00 a.m. 400 a.m. Mark we're going
to do a retro game gotcha roulette so
basically in the back of the thing right
here I've got these two coins
you can see in the back of the gotcha
machine I've got these little coins let
me take these
out I got these and then what we're
going to do we're going to do for every
s not maybe not every Super Chat because
then things are going to get crazy we'll
be hopping through games like every 5
Seconds I'd say for every Super Chat
like $5 and up what we're going to do
we're going to turn the gotta machine
and we're going to get one of these
little balls and each ball is
corresponding to a different system on
NSO red is N64
blue is Super Nintendo and yellow is
original Nintendo and what I figured
we'll do and I think there's actually
another color in here too that
corresponds with like Game Boy Game Boy
Advance every time we get one we're
going to do like a retro game gotta
roulette we're going to be playing a
bunch of different games on NSO sort of
in the leadup to the switch 2 direct
just just like a fun Nintendo thing that
we could do on the stream so that's
going to be a lot of fun um I'll
probably also be playing a little bit
later some Xenoblade cuz I'm pretty far
in Xenoblade Definitive Edition now I've
gotten to the point where now my scale
can fly so I think that might also be
kind of a fun way to pass the time as
well is do some little missions in
Xenoblade too so I think honestly I
really believe this between all the
stuff that I'm going to be talking to in
the chat the fact that we already have
750 people in here watching concurrently
live at 12:30 in the morning five and a
half hours before the direct happening
is truly insane truly insane but I feel
like these three activities alone are
going to probably take us to like 5 a.m.
and once we're in that last hour dude
all hell is going to be breaking loose
you're going to have people flooding in
here waiting giving their last minute
predictions should be a lot of fun I
haven't even pulled up my bingo card
again like I said I was going to do I
still have to pull up my bingo card and
go through everybody again this is
insane man so yeah we're gonna have a
good stream today I also figured a
couple other fun things we could
do I have a lot of really cool like
Nintendo memorabilia that I figured this
would be a good opportunity to show on
stream many of you guys know I just did
my virtual boy unboxing video that a lot
of people really seem to enjoy shout out
once again to Zen Market I have all
these Virtual Boy games right over here
inbox original inbox Virtual Boy games I
was thinking of maybe setting that up
where then we could play Virtual Boy the
only thing is like I can't stream
Virtual Boy with like the plug-in that I
have right now without screwing
everything up so maybe we'll play a
little Virtual Boy later but again you
guys wouldn't be able to see the screen
so we probably won't do that for very
long
but I have a lot of other like cool
Nintendo systems I figured I might
showcase or like cool Nintendo
memorabilia cool things that I just
recently brought back from uh Chicago I
have a whole shelf right there of all my
original Nintendo Powers so I feel like
that might be kind of a fun thing to do
too is like go through some old Nintendo
Powers it's specifically the ones like
in the leadup to the GameCube launch and
in the leadup to the Wii launch cuz for
me you guys know my history right like
for me I grew up as an N64 kiddo okay I
was 8 years old when I got my first
Nintendo system technically my first
system ever was a Sega Pico that was my
first system I ever got it was a Sega
Pico which for those of you guys who
don't know I'll go over to the screen
real quick I'll type in Sega Pico why
not company for a while so this was my
first ever system it was this video game
system that basically the cartridges
were books it was super cool and this
was my first ever system I ever got so
technically I started as a Sega kid and
now everything just came full circle
well now you can play Sonic games on
Nintendo systems and it is what it is
but at the time this is my very first
system so my first ever game system that
I ever got was actually not Nintendo but
my first Nintendo system that I ever got
was the N64 this was Christmas 1998 and
I woke up Christmas morning and there it
was the Nintendo 64 with Banjo Kazooie I
had seen Banjo Kazooie in a demo kiosk
at Toys R Us I was freaking out I
couldn't believe how gorgeous the game
looked by the way shout out to Shonen
Showdown my guy Shen Showdown what's up
welcome to the stream welcome Shonen
show saying W Roger I need that new
Mario Kart expeditiously I am hyped for
the switch to # team ska my God yo
welcome welcome shown and Showdown love
seeing you in here welcome welcome
welcome but uh again yeah so VRA Kazooie
was my first ever game on a Nintendo
system and then obviously from like when
I was 8 years old until I was about 11
years old that was like my primary Home
console everything I played I played on
Nintendo but many of you who grew up in
the 90s remember 1998 1999 that was the
height of pokemania right and like I was
super into the Pokemon trading cards and
I was super excited about Pokemon Snap
because Pokemon Snap came out for the
N64 but I wanted to play one of the
mainline Pokemon games so my
grandparents got me for Christmas a Game
Boy Color the special Pikachu edition
Game Boy Color with Pokemon yellow and
conquers pocket tailes so I played that
game all the way up to 2001 so basically
from like 1999 2000 my two big systems
were my Game Boy Color and my N64 that
then moved me into 2001 which was all
the hype and again I was getting
Nintendo powers and I was reading all
the stuff about the new system about the
dolphin right about what what this the
GameCube is going to actually be and
Luigi's Mansion and all these cool games
I was all excited
and uh and then that year that summer I
graduated from middle school and I got
as a graduation present in the summer H
interesting Nintendo console release in
summer what's that sounding like H
foreshadowing for later in the Stream
mayhaps maybe anyway that summer 2001 I
got a Game Boy Advance and I got with my
Game Boy Advance Rayman Advance f-z
because my parents and my grandparents
were cultured they were like he needs to
f-zero and Super Mario Advance and those
three games fed me all the way until
Christmas I don't even think well no I
didn't even get a Game Boy Advance game
at Christmas I don't think the next Game
Boy Advance game I think I literally
lived off of those three Game Boy
Advance games until the next year which
I believe is when Ruby and Sapphire came
out or that was the year afterwards
either way I didn't have very many Game
Boy Advance games My Game Boy Advance
for the first like two years that I had
it was primarily used to play Mario
Advance f-zero and Rayman advance and
all of the old Game Boy games that I had
too like playing them on my GBA I just
loved it but that holiday season holiday
2001 my grandparents waited in line at
Best Buy and got me a GameCube so launch
holiday I got the GameCube with Luigi's
Mansion and Wave Race Blue Storm and I
loved it I was so excited but one of my
other family members got me a gift card
to Best Buy so you know what I did with
that gift card I took it to Best Buy and
I got myself Super Smash Brothers Melee
and then another family member got me a
gift guard for the holiday season I
think it was for Toys R Us you know what
I did I went to Toys R Us and I got
myself Pikmin so I was lucky because
like launch holiday for the GameCube I
had by like January 2nd I had Pikman I
had melee I had Luigi's Mansion I had
wave R bro my house was the most popular
house on the Block
everybody was coming over playing
GameCube so excited to see all the
different GameCube games and really
pretty much I guess yeah I guess I
didn't get another video game system
barring the SP my grandma got me a gbasp
this was like in 2014 or something for
graduating oh no it wasn't even for
graduating middle school now that I'm
thinking about it I don't think that's
what it was for no wait a minute hold on
my timing might be wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait
wait I would have graduated Middle
School that would have been what 2003
2004 I was a freshman in high school in
2004 so I think the
gbasp was for graduating Middle School
wow I guess the G the Game Boy Advance
was for
graduating Elementary School is what it
was wow also I see bit blocks in here yo
what's up Josh welcome you're up at 122
welcome everybody welcome welcome
welcome also I heard the word Pikmin I
was summoned I'm talking about my
history with Nintendo systems so I'm
basically walking people through all the
Nintendo systems that I've owned in the
leadup to the switch 2 so basically
here's what ended up happening what
ended up happening was that I got my GBA
after graduating Elementary School I got
my GameCube the holiday of my sixth
grade year and then I got my
gbasp for graduating middle school so
that's what end up happening how old am
I I'm 35 I just turned 35 so that should
give you a little bit of perspective for
where I am right now so I just turned 35
so essentially what ended up happening
then was I wanted to get the Wii right
like I saw all the E3 press conferences
about it I remember to this day vividly
vividly I remember the speech that a w
gave for the Nintendo Revolution at E3 I
vividly remember him talking about
virtual console and my mind being blown
because again I was too young I didn't
have an NES growing up I didn't have a
Super Nintendo Growing Up So when aada
walked on stage and he was like we're
going to take you back to the days of
the first Punch Out excite bike and
Earthbound and make you all feel young
again I was like I'm going to experience
something I never got the chance to
experience before so I was just as
excited about playing the Retro games on
the Wii as I was playing the new games
and of course at the time that E3 I
believe iada promised that there was
going to be a new Smash Brothers in
development so I was
like bringing ey I was so ready however
and I just recently told this story on
stream so it's funny to actually remind
you guys of this
basically I had great grades all right
growing up I was a great student but
there was one subject I was terrible at
and thankfully this subject has not
served me in my adult life I have not
needed it but I was horrible at this I
was in honors classes I was getting
straight A except for this one thing
except for this one thing and that was
math I was a terrible terrible M student
all right I was a theater kid all right
my my brain is all about creativity all
right I was singing and reading music
and playing trombone and in choir and
doing plays all right I was not a math
kid I could never be a math kid never
and so I was not doing well in math and
basically the holiday of the Wii was
coming up and obviously Wiis were very
difficult to get holiday 2006 and I
vividly remember like hoping and praying
that even though my grades were bad in
math my parents would still get me the
Wii for Christmas and my parents kept
telling me look it's not happening kid
you got to get your grades up you're not
going to get a Wei it's not happening
you're done it's over you're finished
kaput you're not getting the
Wii but I still in my heart of hearts
thought you know what I was going to get
a Wii I really thought I was going to
wake up Christmas morning I was going to
get a Wii or like my grandparents were
going to get me one or something because
you got to remember I'm an only child
and I was the only child of two sets of
grandparents so like I was spoiled
rotten as a kid with when it came to
holidays when the holidays rolled up I
was like look if there's something I've
been wanting all year one of my
grandparents is coming through but again
the Wii was so difficult to get that
holiday season so I knew it was going to
be up to my parents so I remember waking
up Christmas morning 2006 and you know
what my big present was wasn't a Wii it
was a Magic Bullet do you know what a
Magic Bullet is I'm gonna show you guys
it's a blender is essentially what a
Magic Bullet is I'm gonna pull up Magic
Bullet so you guys can see this if you
don't know what I'm talking about it's
this oh hold on here we go here we go it
was this this was what I got holiday
2006 so everybody else was opening up
weed and Xbox 360s this was me I got a
Magic
Bullet and my parents were like look you
got to do better at math and then maybe
one day you'll get a Wii but it is what
it is you're not getting a Wii anytime
soon and again I was at this time I was
like 15 or 16 so so obviously I wasn't
like I didn't have any money to go buy a
Wii myself so here's what ended up
happening here's what happened GameStop
my local GameStop had a tournament this
was in like March or April I believe of
2007 they were running a tournament
where what you would do is you would
show up at the GameStop and you would
play with your DS in Pokemon Battle
Revolution and basically my local
GameStop had this tournament where that
you would have to beat everybody in this
tournament in Pokemon dat Revolution
using your team from the DS and if you
were able to do it if you were able to
beat everybody you get a free copy of
Pokemon Battle Revolution so here's what
I did because I was desperate desperate
times call for desperate measures Roger
needed to get himself a paper rot
honestly I did I my my high school job
was I worked at a kids health club so I
was a coach at a kids health club but
that's a whole different story that's a
story for a different stream that's a
story for a different stream I gotta got
to finish this story desperate times
call for desperate measures so what I
did I asked my buddy John who had a game
shark and I game sharked perfect I'm not
proud of this I'm not proud of this all
right it's skeleton my closet all these
years but I'm talking about it I game
sharked perfect IV guias and Rayquaza
and I stacked my team and I beefed up
these Pokemon and I brought these
Pokemon to this tournament my local
GameStop tournament and I beat all these
12-year-olds that were there hoping to
get a free copy of Battle Revolution and
I I'm not saying I'm proud of it all
right I'm not saying I'm proud of it you
think you know what I'm not saying I'm
proud of this right but I game sharked
my game to have perfect IV Pokemon and I
walked into that GameStop and I beat up
all those 12y olds in Pokemon and I got
my copy of Pokemon Battle Revolution but
again I didn't have a Wii so I had had
this copy of Battle Revolution but I
couldn't do anything with it so then I
went back home my dad actually I think
is the one who dropped me off at the
tournament I think he went to like the
car dealership or something my dad likes
cars so I if I'm remembering the story
correctly my dad drove me to go to the
GameStop left me at the GameStop for
like three hours for the tournament and
then went to go to the car dealership to
go hang out with his friends and then
came back to pick me up and when he came
back to pick me up the tournament was
over I had beaten everybody and I got my
copy of Battle Revolution so then my dad
was like like oh cool that's awesome are
you going to play it when you get home
and I'm like well I can't cuz I don't
have the video game system and he was
like well uhoh what are you going to do
with this I was like well I was hoping
and I tell my dad this in the car I go I
was hoping that if I show up with the
game for the system that mama is going
to be like okay you can go buy a Wii
that was my hope that was my hope but at
the same time you got to remember
because I didn't get the Wii for
Christmas because I got this because I
got a Magic Bullet I was like I got to
get my grades up so I got a math tutor I
went out of my way and for that next
quarter my math grade went up and I had
a copy of a game for the Wii for a
system that I didn't own and at that
point then my mom was like okay and and
also at that point I think it was like
about to be summer 200 2007 so like Weis
were finally kind of back in stock
people don't remember the the wild west
of the days of the Wii like being able
to get a your hands on a Wii in like
2006 it was impossible possible so like
summer 2007 then I remember this vividly
I saved up all my money from my birthday
which was in March I saved up all my
money from all the gift cards and stuff
that I got from family members at
Christmas time and then my mom agreed to
meet me halfway for like the last 50
bucks we went to Best Buy summer 2007 I
got the Wii I got Battle Revolution and
of course I had Wii Sports and then at
that point once I had wi Sports it was
over once I had wi Sports it was done it
was done because then my grandparents
were coming over playing bowling my mom
was bowling she's like man this system
is great why didn't we get this earlier
and then I was set then I was locked in
but of course I was a greedy little
Nintendo fan and I knew I knew that
there was going to be another system
coming at some point I knew and at that
point I forgot when in between the DS
came out DS was like 2005 right 2005 I
ended up getting a DS but it was through
like a trade with a friend it was wasn't
even like my own DS but I wanted my own
DS so then what I did was that next I
think it was
2008 or 2009 around that time I got my
DS light and I saved up my money for
like two years to buy a DS Light finally
upgraded the old clamshell DS that I
traded my friend for I think I traded my
friend like my old GBA because he was
collecting old GBA so I traded my old
GBA because I had an SP I traded my old
GBA for the clamshell DS cuz he wanted
to I don't even remember why that was
the case cuz the DS played GBA games I
don't even remember why he wanted the
GBA anyway it doesn't matter regardless
I got myself the DS light and then by
that point it was like 2008 2009 that
takes me to my college Years that's
that's the College Years that's Rogers
based theater major at UIC the College
Years right but again I'm a broke
college kid I have no money so the Wii
and the DS Light lasted me pretty much
throughout the entirety of college
pretty much the whole way through
I just had my Wii and my DS light and so
I was like thank God when they announced
that black and white wasn't going to be
for 3DS and that black and white two
were still going to be for the original
DS and Heart Gold and Sil silver came
out on DS I was like thank goodness
thank goodness I'm not missing out on
much and some of you guys remember this
the first year of the 3DS that was rough
that first year of 3DS we had like
Nintendo Dogs and steel diver and that
was pretty much about it that was about
all we had that first year so I didn't
really feel like I was missing out out
on too much but again I knew that I
would eventually want one because at
that point by like 2008 2009 I was
working in the game industry like I was
a broke college kid but on the weekends
I would go home and I'd be working at
the kids the kids health club in my
local town and then I was also writing
for a video game website called gaming
Vice which then eventually I transferred
from gaming Vice to another video game
website called V Tribune which many of
which the guys that I've worked with
with v Tribune I am still friends with
to this day Alex and will and everybody
I still see all of them I was just at
Will's wedding last year Alex was at the
wedding I I saw the V tribute anyway
we're getting off topic the V Tribune
Squad right I would then go to E3 with
and I went to go see the 3DS for the
first time I was in the audience I was
the first person I've talked about this
on stream before too I was the first
person in all of North America to play
outside of Nintendo the first public
person to play The Legend of Zelda
Skyward Sword when the little demo
kiosks rose out of the ground and people
ran up to the front of the press
conference I was the first person up
there and my buddy Shawn was filming me
do it all my pictures were in gy images
I was like it was the best it was the
best experience anyway that year I think
it was that year it was that E3 is when
they revealed the 3DS right because that
was also the time where the people
descended anyway also I will bull up old
pictures I got lots of old pictures and
lots of old video of this in fact
there's video of this E3 I have on my
YouTube channel you could see this this
is my technically my first ever video on
YouTube my first real video on YouTube
was of course Let It Go of course but my
first video like if we go over to my
YouTube channel look at this oldest
let's do this Zelda symphony E3 2011 bro
I was in the third row for this look at
this holy crap live
Orchestra 13 years ago bro 13 years ago
let I want to see if like at some point
I turn the camera on myself when I start
freaking
out let's see oh and this one me and
Moto walked on state hold on hold
on so this is the end of this this is
when they played the yeah and then me
and Moto walked out I mean look at this
I was second row bro this was
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
insane amazing so again I have been
following Nintendo for such a long time
and again I had this history of working
in the game industry but then I saw 3DS
at that E3 and I was like dude I need to
get myself a 3DS so again I saved up my
money bought myself a 3DS and 3DS again
was like one of my favorite systems
because another thing that happened is
while I was in college a bunch of my
friends put together this thing called
Street past Chicago which originally I
didn't even know like people were doing
this and having like live in-person
Street pass meetups but I was happy to
then like find out about it and be a
part of it so every weekend we would go
to the Chicago Cultural Center downtown
across the street from the Joffrey
Ballet and we would sit and we would
play 3DS games together and it was a
blast oh my gosh we got to talk about
that E3 as well we will talks about the
E3 where you waited for half a day to
play Star Fox Zero we will get there we
will get to that shameful E3 that worst
E3 in Nintendo history which also
happened to be the best E3 in Nintendo
history but that's that's a story for
later on that's a story for later on I'm
going all over the place telling history
also by the way we almost got a th
concur viewers in here at 12:43 in the
morning talking about this this is
insane how do we have this many people
in here this early wild absolutely wild
anyway I'm going through my history with
Nintendo systems at the very beginning
of the stream I want to talk about
everything so 3DS that takes us to the
Wii U now mind you many of you know this
story already but I'm happy to
regurgitate this story during my first
E3 that I ever attended I was in the
seats in that Nintendo press conference
when they announced Professor Leighton
in the Diabolical Box now you guys know
me I am a massive massive massive
massive fan of Professor Leighton this
was my first E3 I ever attended this
would have been I think E3
2009 and I remember they announced the
game at E3 but it was not announced in
the press conference it was announced in
like the media sheet that's on the
Nintendo press website afterwards so I
was as a fan of Professor Leon I was
hurt I was like what the heck Curious
Village sold so well why is Nintendo
burying this sequel Professor Leighton
game there's no reason to bury this in a
press release why are they doing this so
what I did and many of you know this
story right the story of top hat
Professor what I did I put together a
Twitter account and this was the early
early days of Twitter back when Twitter
was good the early days of Twitter I put
together a Twitter account called Top
Hat Professor where I roleplayed as
Professor Leighton and was tweeting out
riddles basically every single day and I
basically pretended that it was like a
real Nintendo thing which looking back
on it maybe not the smartest thing in
the world to do when I knew one day I
wanted to work with Nintendo maybe not
the best thing but I basically pretended
this was a real thing I went on neoaf
which was the big Forum at the time and
I made a thread like look at this cool
thing Nintendo's doing who and then it
got all these news stories and all this
buzz and I was getting all these
followers it was this big massive thing
and actually I do still have access to
that account that account saved my butt
two years ago we'll talk about that a
little bit later too when my account got
hacked and I couldn't get my Twitter
account back I logged into that one
anyway basically I got a cease and
desist from Nintendo and they told me
look this is really cool this Twitter
account's cool but you got to shut this
thing down you got to shut this thing
down people think this is a real
Nintendo thing so of course I wanted to
play ball I didn't want to mess with
Nintendo so I was like cool I'll shut
the thing down no big deal but but but
but
my contact at Golan which was the PR
Company for Nintendo at the time my
contact at Golan told me look you had to
get issued the cease and desist it is
what it is but actually if you want a
job working social media for Nintendo
later we might be able to hook you up so
imagine hearing that when I was like a
sophomore in college going to school for
theater in English thinking I'm going to
be a theater teacher or like an actor
and now I'm getting offered a job from
Nintendo because of a social media thing
that I did I was like well career change
whoop and I veered off in the other
direction right and every E3 afterwards
every single E3 E3 2009 E3 2010 E3 2011
E3 2012 every single E3 barring one I
believe from that year until E3 ended
bro every E3 I was there I was hustling
I was making my way into the Nintendo
Booth I was shooing I was wielding and
dealing I was talking with everybody I
was hanging out with my buddy will I was
meeting all the Goen people I was
meeting the developers I knew this is
what I wanted to do I wanted to do
something related to Nintendo with my
life I knew I wanted to do that so like
I said I was I was meeting all these
people making all these connections
making all these friends I got to give a
massive shout out a massive massive
shout out to JC Rodrigo in Nintendo
Treehouse bro
JC was like the hookup for those first
few years when I didn't know anybody at
Nintendo I knew three people JC Rodrigo
Danny orula and Gil Ruda bro those
three those are my riter dies over at
treeh house you three know who you are I
love you three I will love you three
forever bro those three got me into
every Nintendo event possible that you
could think of Nintendo used to do these
developer round taes after the press
conference at E3 like the next day they
would get me into those round tables
that's where that photo with Reggie came
from like this photo that I put on
Instagram a couple days ago this photo
comes from one of those round tables
this is the first time I ever met Reggie
right here look at this this would have
been E3 2011 bro look at this this was
the develop again you needed to know
people to get into these round taes you
couldn't you couldn't just randomly roll
up at the round table you had to know
people you had to be working in the
industry and like I said my guys got me
in look at my little gold Nintendo pass
gold special pass again JC got me the
hookup man I was there so again this is
the first time I met Reggie this the
first time I met a bunch of these people
anyway I'm getting off
topic this E3 you got to remember
actually you know what I'll keep the
photo on here while we're talking about
this many of you remember this E3 was
the year that they announced the Wii U
now this is all going to connect that
whole story about want to get a job at
Nintendo and where I am today and all
this other stuff it's all going to
connect okay this year they announced
the Wii U I was about to graduate
college the next year I graduated
college this is also around the time I
met chofu yes overclock yes yes yes this
is around the same time yes
cuz chofu went the year that I couldn't
I believe he actually went 2012 I
believe that was the year that I skipped
was 2012 X and Y year was that when they
did the X and Y developer Round Table
whatever the year was for the X and Y
developer Round Table was the year in
which I skipped it because I couldn't go
because I was I first off I didn't have
the money to go to E3 that year because
I had just graduated college at that
point and I also didn't have the same
credentials because V Tribune was
shifting management and I just didn't
have the opportunity to go I was
focusing on getting a job so I just like
wasn't really going that year so one of
my other friends chofu who you all know
right ended up going in my stad to the X
and Y developer round table and that's
basically around the time we became
friends anyway E3 2011 they announced
the Wii U and I had known around this
time I was talking to people at the C3
that they were going to be hiring for
product demonstrators going into the
holiday season for the next year they
were hiring product demonstrators for
the year of the Wii U and I was
basically they were it was a contract
job it was associate product
demonstrator was my actual title I
actually still have my little badge from
work I could go pull that out a little
bit later and show you guys this but
basically I was an associate product
demonstrator and what I would do is I
would go to like local GameStops and
Best Buys and whatever technically now
this job is called brand ambassador
which is pretty funny considering the
fact that like the brand ambassador
thing is now the program that they use
to work with all of us but anyway also
yes Obi is tucked in bed Obie and Reagan
are sleeping in the other room room so
they can sleep through anything they're
good so
basically I was working as a product
demonstrator right after I graduated
college so I graduated college in 2012
that holiday season like literally right
out of college the guys over at Nintendo
and Golan and stuff they weren't playing
they got me this job right after college
yeah right after college also I was I
was like super duper skinny back at the
time look at this I had like no meat on
my bones whatsoever I was I was like
rail thin I'm happy that I've been
bulking up this is good but anyway
anyway anyway I'm getting off topic
anyway where was I we were talking about
oh the job so basically right after I
graduated college I applied for the job
as the product demonstrator I applied
immediately got it because I had like
the recommendation of JC and Danny and
Gil and all the people over at go and
Kate and everybody so I knew I was going
to get that job I know I was going to be
fine so I got the job I did a great job
at the job my supervisor was like you
did such a good job all these people who
you were demoing to were saying you were
so energetic and you were so thoughtful
and but the thing was that holiday
season you also have to remember all
this stuff with the Wii U like and the
leadup to the Wii U it was confusing for
people cuz people thought the Wii U was
a tablet people really thought the like
people would come into the stores
hearing about the Wii U and genuinely
thought the Wii U was a tablet they
really did and no matter how much I
explained the fact it's a new system
it's HD whatever they thought it was a
tablet and they didn't give despite the
fact I was a a product demonstrator they
did not give us Wii use so I had to wait
in line midnight launch at a best by in
Chicago at like 5:00 a.m. in the cold my
dad dropped me off on his way to work
because he would go to work at around
like 5:30 he dropped me off on his way
to work I sat outside this Best Buy in
the freezing cold with my thermos full
of hot chocolate and I waited until Best
Buy open and I bought myself a Wii U
with my paycheck that I got from my
product demonstrator job it's crazy yeah
so anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway
I'm going to go back over here too
because now we're out of this era I got
my Wii U anyway at that point the
product demonstrator job that I had that
was a contract job ended so I I didn't
have it anymore the holiday season was
over they didn't need me so basically I
didn't I there was nothing to like go
into I couldn't transition that into
full-time job so if I wanted a full-time
job with Nintendo I had to apply so what
I did is I applied to a product
management position that was in treeh
house in Seattle in Redmond Washington
but again keep in mind broke college kid
I have like no money after graduating
I'm simply looking for a job so what
happens I apply for a bunch of different
positions in treehouse a bunch of
different positions and again I have all
my friends who are working over there
who are dropping these recommendations
for me because they're looking out for
me they could tell I'm passionate about
Nintendo they know I want to work there
so I ended up getting a call I say call
back it was like a return turn interview
I got a second interview for this
product demonstrator position that was
in treehouse I was like dude I got this
they love me I'm energetic I'm excited
about the Wii U this is going to be
great I interview over the phone for
this job with I am not even kidding you
Bill trinen Bill trinen is the one who
interviewed me for this position I'm on
the phone this is like summer it would
have been like fall 2013 I believe it
would have been like fall 2013 cuz I
moved to LA summer 2014 it was
definitely fall 2013 I interviewed with
bill trenen over the phone for this
product demonstrator job in treehouse in
like fall of 20 of 2013 and I was like
dude I am so passionate about Nintendo I
think I would be perfect this for this
position he could tell that I was all
excited but then he asked me oh are you
fluent in Japanese because I see on your
resume that you know some Japanese which
I do because I took Japanese when I was
in college but I wasn't fluent and I was
like I'm not fluent but I can learn you
know and I know a little Japanese but
I'm not fluent he was like oh I'm so
sorry this position does require you to
be fluent in Japanese now I don't know
how I got all the way up to Bill where
they passed me through all these other
lines of interviews if like the job
requirement for this job was to be
fluent in Japanese but it was what it
was so I was like devastated at that
this was like late 2013 like I said I
was devastated because again like my
whole career trajectory that I thought I
was going to get like working in Seattle
for Nintendo all this other stuff it was
completely thrown off when I didn't end
up getting that job and I was like man
what am I going to do with myself but I
knew after talking with Bill and talking
with other people at treehouse every
single one of them was like you have a
better shot of getting a job if you live
in Seattle because we aren't necessarily
able to like bring people over and like
pay your moving fees and stuff like that
if you live here you got a better shot
at getting like an entry level position
because we really do like you we liked
you know the work you did with your
contract job we would like to work with
you but you basically got to move
yourself out here so I was like okay
what am I going to do so then I just
applied to a bunch of different jobs
that were over on the west coast tons of
them every video game company you could
think of I applied for IG I almost got a
job actually at IGN that's a whole
another story for a different stream I
almost got a job I was like almost
almost almost going to be Jose otero's
old job at IGN I almost was the head of
the Nintendo team I interviewed for this
position I didn't end up getting it I'm
happy I didn't end up getting it it was
mostly due to the fact that it was in
San Francisco and the pay was not up to
the point where I was going to be able
to like survive as a broke college kid
didn't end up happening but anyway
applied to all these different companies
I didn't hear anything so like holiday
2013 bro I was I was miserable man I
also shout out to the thousand people in
here listen to my life story about
Nintendo right now man oh man oh man
anyway I was just like I was struggling
I was like what am I going to do with
myself well you'll remember
you will all remember this what happened
E3 2013 E3 2013 Nintendo announced Super
Smash BRS for 3DS and Wii
U I obviously like talking about
Nintendo I was excited at that point I
was still interviewing for my position I
was still like I said that final part of
that interview process was like fall
2013 so I was still interviewing at the
time but I was now really good friends
with chofu and of course Ricky was my
friend from college so me chofu and
Ricky were like why don't we do a
podcast talking about Smash Brothers
which is then what turned into Japan
time now mind you this is before I was
actively uploading my YouTube channel
again at the time this video that I was
showing earlier this video of the Zelda
symphony this was the only video on my
YouTube channel this is from 13 years
ago 2011 I had no other videos on there
so what ended up happening was like okay
you know what chofu is a YouTuber let's
do this podcast and then we'll put it on
tofu's Channel we'll talk about Smash
Brothers and that'll be that now
obviously you guys know the story at
that point we've been doing Japan time
for 11 years now which is crazy but
basically we started up Japan time and I
then started to like upload Wi-Fi
battles and like one piece reviews and
stuff to the YouTube channel a lot of
those videos are gone from like late
2013 because I was using copywritten
music I didn't know the rules of YouTube
at this time it was the Wild West I
didn't know what I was supposed to do so
anyway I basically was like okay I'm
going to upload some videos to YouTube
maybe make a couple bucks off of the ad
Revenue that I was making and maybe that
could transition into you know
eventually making me enough money to
then move myself out to the West Coast
even if I don't have a job on the west
coast and then a little thing happened
called
Frozen and many of you know this I did a
cover song one of my oldest videos
second oldest video on my channel 11
years ago I did a cover song of Let It
Go from Frozen now this holiday season
you got to remember nobody especially
not dudes were not uploading cover songs
of Let It Go but Frozen exploded in
popularity I uploaded this video bro it
got 200,000 views in like a month it was
insane my channel went from like no
subscribers my no-name channel that had
one video on it from the Zelda symphony
went from no subscribers to like 10K
overnight but between Japan time and
chofu plugging my channel to people and
then the Frozen video it just exploded
in popularity and this video because at
the time it was like an original cover I
wasn't doing like I wasn't using the
backing track of Disney I did a cover
with my buddy Danny and we did it like
as an acoustic version because of that I
got ad revenue from this video and this
was back in the day of like really good
CPM on YouTube so I was making Bank off
of this Let It Go video and I was like
wait a minute wait a minute there's
money to be made here there's money to
be made here if I start cranking out
song covers and I start making more
videos on YouTube I can eventually make
the money to move myself out to the West
Coast well guess what happened people
guess what happened one of those jobs
that I applied for during that Rush
after I got declined for the job at
treehouse because I wasn't fluent in
Japanese one of the places I applied for
was none other than the now defunct
Disney
interactive Disney Interactive sat on my
resume for like four five months but
that Let It Go video exploded I was on
like play bill which is like a Broadway
website as like one of the top 10 Let it
Go covers all this other stuff the
position that I applied for which was
like a contract copy editor job at
Disney
Interactive saw that video that Frozen
cover that got like 200,000 views got me
to actually get an interview for that
contract position with Disney to move
out to the West Coast and then what
ended up happening was that they moved
me from Chicago broke college kid Roger
from Chicago to Los Angeles which is
where I am now and then you guys know
the story from there because then when I
was at work for Disney I started
uploading more videos to my channel the
videos on my channel started getting
more and more views we were doing Japan
time we did one piece live reactions all
this stuff the rest is history I was
doing one punch one punch man reviews
all this other stuff uploading all my
smash reactions right and then it got to
the point in like 2017 well actually it
was late 2016 but around that point it
got to the point where then I was making
more revenue on my YouTube channel than
I was making at my job at Disney and at
that point my job at Disney was no
longer with Disney Infinity my Disney
Infinity contract ended after like two
weeks because they could see the writing
on the wall with Disney Infinity so then
they moved me over to the ABC team so I
was doing copy editing for the show
called Selfie which was like this um it
was like a my fair lady kind of show
that was on ABC with like John show and
um the redhaired girl who's nebula in
Guardians of the Galaxy I'm forgetting
her name but anyway and then and then
like that job got me a copy editing job
doing editorial stuff for Lucas film and
then that transferred into stuff with
Marvel and then I was basically being
passed around every division of Disney
writing different contracts for like
every months and it was incredibly
stressful it was very very stressful it
was like one of the most stressful times
of my life and I was seeing all the CU
all the time my supervisors would be
like don't you want to eventually move
to a full-time position and I knew that
if I moved to a full-time position at
Disney I wouldn't be able to do YouTube
the way that I'm doing YouTube right so
basically the last thing I did prior to
all of this was Disney had a contract
with this other company that then led
into a thing with Microsoft and then
Microsoft developer and so then I worked
for this other company called Uptown
Treehouse which was like a PR firm that
was here in La that was the like PR
Company for Microsoft developers social
channels and so I was running like the
Microsoft developer Twitter account for
like three four years all while I was
doing my YouTube channel all while I was
still hustling on the side with like
doing stuff with tiltify I was like a
contract social media editor for tiltify
I was doing like all this stuff so
anyway it then got to a point where
things were getting really really
stressful and I'm like I cannot do this
anymore I can't do this anymore so I
quit my job I made the plunge I did
full-time YouTube and I have been
full-time YouTube doing Nintendo videos
on YouTube ever since it is now
2025 right I went fulltime on YouTube
because we're bringing it full circle I
was going somewhere with this story all
right look at when the original switch
got announced when was this
[Music]
what so obviously this is the reveal
trailer reaction my old intro and
everything this was October 20th 2016
all right this was right around the time
when I was about to quit my contract
with lucasfilm the contract that I had
running for rogue one was about to run
out at this point I had already quit at
this point my job at Uptown Treehouse I
was good I was like I could see the
vision I see Division and when switch
came out and I had this opportunity to
like talk more about Nintendo games and
do what I love on my YouTube channel and
make more money doing that and have a
job essentially working for Nintendo but
not actually for Nintendo because it's
for myself and I'm just like able to
talk freely about the things I was
excited about bro it was the best and
then again the rest is history 2017 hit
that massive launch year for the switch
and of course you guys also know this as
well you guys remember this I'm sure if
we go to my videos my oldest videos this
was the really big moment for
me right over here this was early 207
right here dude obviously we had the
switch presentation which is the
equivalent of what we had today I
uploaded all my reactions to the switch
presentation Mario Odyssey Xenoblade 2
Zelda all this stuff and then right over
here this is when I was invited to be on
Nintendo Minute and they surprised me
with the Nintendo switch and told me
that I would be getting a Nintendo
switch early so obviously you guys know
kitten Christa good friends of mine to
this day this a 22-minute video we're
not going to watch this whole thing but
essentially they invited me on Nintendo
Minute and what ended up happening is
they gave me a switch at the end of the
whole thing they were like you're going
to get a switch what I didn't realize
because again you got to remember I had
worked in media I worked for like gaming
Vice and V Tribune and I was like
getting review copies for games but by
this point they stopped giving review
copies for stuff really like people
weren't really getting review copies in
like 2017 I forgot what games were
leaking in 2016 but like they changed
the ambassador program whole bunch of
stuff ended but
basically they told me at the end of
this video that I was going to be
getting a switch I ended up getting that
switch a full month before the public
release a full month and at the time I
couldn't stream I didn't have the the
capacity to stream I didn't have a PC
that could stream I couldn't really make
all that much content with it so there I
was having just quit my job doing
full-time YouTube sitting on my couch in
my little studio apartment in La playing
breath of the wild a month before the
world got to see breath of the wild I
was losing my mind like this first few
months of the switch were just so
unbelievably special to me and and like
going through breath of the Wild for the
first time and then the game coming out
and then experiencing breath of the wild
once everybody else was playing it it
was just a magical magical magical time
and then I had like one two switch we
had like the Cow Milking competitions
with with uh with kit in this video it
was so much fun and then of course the
rest is history everything else from
then on you you've seen everything else
has been chronicled on YouTube my entire
Journey throughout the course of the
switch's lifespan everything you guys
have witnessed it live and now here we
are at 1:06 a.m. on April 2nd 2025 and
we are about to experience the launch or
the fir not the launch excuse me but the
reveal of the Nintendo switch 2 it has
been a journey and I just want to say
right at the very beginning of the
stream I cannot tell you all how
appreciative I am of every single one of
you I cannot stress enough how
appreciative I am of all the people that
come to the streams that Super Chat that
become members bro Kaden thank you very
much for becoming a member nakama
greatly appreciate all the people that
come through and like the videos and
subscribe and watch my reactions and
share my reactions all the people
internationally right who share my
reactions the fact that like 20% of my
audience is in Japan is insane to me
it's insane to me the fact that I can go
on Japan trips and people stop me and
they're like Roger
Nikki it's insane it's insane so I
really cannot stress enough how much
Nintendo has meant to me throughout the
course of my entire life how much it
means to me to this day how much it will
mean to me till the day I die bro I'm
going to be 85 years old in a retirement
home playing switch S bro I'm telling
you I I am ride or die Nintendo forever
I will always be Nintendo always I don't
care I hear people talk about their
other systems that's fine enjoy your
other systems you know what I got a PC
if I want to play this super high-end
thing I can go play it on PC but guess
what guess what ladies and gentlemen
switch to that thing's going to Output
in 4k switch to that's getting all those
multiplatform games you know damn well
switch 2 is going to get Final Fantasy
remake Final Fantasy 7 remake you know
damn well it's going to get Final
Fantasy 7 rebirth and you know damn well
it's going to get Final Fantasy 7
reunion or whatever they end up calling
the third game in the Final Fantasy 7
remake Trilogy and I will be playing it
day one on my switch too I am ride or
die Nintendo until the very end I love
Nintendo bro
anyway see what did I tell you guys this
stream is going to fly it's already 4
hours and 50 minutes until the direct we
haven't even started Ed the switch list
I told you guys it was going to get
crazy I told you guys we'd have stuff to
do shout out once again I can't get over
all the people that are in here watching
live this morning this is insane thank
you by the way to Dylan coming through
with the membership as well nakama
greatly appreciate that wow wow wow wow
wow incredible I didn't expect for that
whole first segment to be like my
history with Nintendo and yet here we
are wow man oh man oh man anyway anyway
any hold on on I kind of want to watch
this video I want to watch can we can we
watch this behind the scenes Vlog I
haven't seen this in a very very long
time and this is probably one of my
favorite videos I've ever done we can
skip through the boring Parts also
Benjamin said I loved hearing your
journey it was my first time and I loved
it everyone's saying please do
definitely watch it we want to watch it
fantastic thank you again to Kaden thank
you again to all these members thank you
again all these people super chatting
this is AB absolutely Wild Man
absolutely wild all right let's watch
this let's watch this is again this is
when they surprised me back right after
this was after the switch 2017
presentation
so this was like a month later no it was
it was the same month this was two uh
two weeks
later all right hold on hold on here we
go here we go also by the way that was
my first time hearing your story it's
more investing than most
Cinema I'm glad you guys enjoyed it all
right here we go ready three two one go
let me know if I got to turn it down or
make it louder or whatever here we go
here we go here we go hey what's going
on everybody Roger bro what was what was
my hair what was going on with my
hair the way I was styling it looked
like I was balding dude what the heck
was going on there as you can see I
actually at YouTube space Also shout out
to my buddy Demetrius right there I love
Demetrius this is where thanks Demetrius
came from the thanks Demetrius meme
those of you that are longtime fans
check it out looking a little zesty look
I was a little zesty I was zesty looking
in this for sure had my little zebra
stripe uh cardigan I was feeling myself
all right anyway let's go I've got my
special Nintendo bag have my little
Nintendo bag with me let's go brand new
Yoshi game for 3DS who am I here with
right now so I got to explain this well
they're going to explain it whatever
it's fine also shout out by the way to
overclock shock saying I've always been
inspired by your jack of all trades
Journey you've touched Nintendo Disney
Marvel shown and jump Microsoft and
you've done awesome I love the content
homie God bless happy switch to day
thank you very very much overclock
nakama appreciate that all right let's
continue here we go k kisto what's going
on you guys hey so be sure to check out
the full video on my channel a little
bit later and I'll talk to you guys very
soon
bye-bye cool all right cool we're good
to go yeah now mind you did you notice
mind you the camera footage was from my
camera obviously but the rest of this
was behind the scenes filmed by Nintendo
themselves and they gave me all this
footage afterwards because again they
were shooting this for a Nintendo Minute
this video doesn't even exist online
anymore I'm pretty sure this Nintendo
video minute video got taken down but it
exists on my channel
cuz I was the guy they brought so all
right you can see Demetrius sted up back
there all right let's watch That's My
Little Star Fox thing by the way oh I
love that awesome background oh dude I
forgot my old Star Fox my old phone
screen oh man I haven't thought about
that old Star Fox phone case in so many
years oh man who would have thought that
guy right there with his Star Fox thing
would set the world of Blaze with Star
Fox Grand Prix what the heck all right
also I agree Star Fox should be shown I
hope Star Fox gets shown today please
let us continue let's go I know I wasn't
making that up you guys thought it very
good so I do have some bad new watch
what's the bad news so you know how
we're just out there cuz my flight got
delayed and not anything so we had some
really bad flight issues with our guy
that was supposed to bring Yoshi there's
no
Yoshi I forgot the add on this
bro I'm not really sure what we can do
today oh my God you can see that in that
moment so again let me explain the week
before this was the switch one
presentation this was switch one 2017
presentation so I had reacted already to
like Mario Odyssey and Zelda and all
that Xenoblade everything I had done my
reactions and they announced obviously
during that presentation that there were
going to be those preview events for the
switch a bunch of my friends who were
all also in the game industry YouTubers
whatever all got invited to go to those
preview events and I didn't get invited
and I was so unbelievably bummed cuz I'm
like over here the man who like lives
and breathes Nintendo I'm like how could
they not invite me to this event but
then when they were like oh we're going
to show you Yoshi on the 3DS and we had
this whole special video to do with you
I was like well maybe I won't get to see
the switch early but at least I get to
be on like an official Nintendo video
that'll be kind of cool shout out by the
way to Hayden coming through with a
membership nak greatly appreciate you
thank you very very much but anyway so I
was like I I was like you know what I'm
gonna make the best of the situation but
right in this moment you could see it in
my face if we go back a little bit right
after this not really sure what we can
you could see right there that little
smirk at one minute and three seconds
right at that point I knew I'm like oh
they're gonna they're going to break out
the switch they're going to break out
the switch cuz you can't see my
perspective just yet you're going to see
it in a little bit but basically there
was like a little warp block that was
hiding where the switch was by the TV
set and when I saw the warp block I had
remembered Jimmy Fallon two days before
this Reggie was on Jimmy Fallon and like
lifted the warp block and then the
switch was there and then Jimmy Fallon
and Reggie played so I was like oh my
God they're going to Jimmy Fallon me kid
and Christa are gonna Jimmy Fallon me
and I'm gonna play the switch one
so day oh my God if I think it's what's
gonna oh my God wa a minute wa a minute
what do you think what you think gonna
happen play the switch are we gonna play
the switch well I mean we've got this
wait a minute wait a minute wait a
minute you can't do this to me right now
wait a minute can't
wait wait wait and mind you you can't
see there's a whole room of Nintendo
employees that are all like collectively
losing their mind and laughing at this
too there were I think I think Kate over
at Goan Demetrius for sure was in the
back I maybe Stephanie there were a
couple other people that were there for
sure that were like filming all this
behind the scenes and they could tell
that I had figured it out and it was
just it was the best M wait hold on I
haven't said anything to I I see
inklings on the thing over there and I
see Zelda and Lui what does that mean I
don't know what does mean oh man shout
out Jo boys man God I can I just give a
quick can we have a moment of silence
for eeka man like this is not the same
without him dude this this launch is not
the same without his hype he is the
great I've talked about this forever you
guys know I love eteka he was one of my
best friends but this is not the same
dude it's it's the hype will never be
the same without him he was the best the
best Nintendo streamer on the planet no
one will ever ever ever be as good as
eeka was ever ever ever ever he is the
gold standard every time I go live on a
stream I'm trying to think of an idea
for a stream I'm trying to think of a
video I think what would eteka have done
bro his videos were the best I am
honored to have been able to call him a
friend and cheers to the joycon boys bro
joycon boys forever joyc Con boys
forever we love you buddy you are with
Us in spirit tonight and this morning
obvious not tonight obviously it'll be
it's the morning it's going to be 6:00
a.m. when we're reacting to this but
dude we love you and you're with us I
know you're with us right now your your
hype is channeling all of us watching
this direct you're with us we love you
all right anyway let's continue the
videos so if oh my God okay you see so
this I gave at that point at that point
I gave I believe this is Demetrius or
Kate who's filming me off of my phone so
this is their that's my phone they're
filming off my phone for the other part
of this I'm s good good I think I feel
pretty good okay there is no Yoshi okay
also I don't know why my cardigan was
buttoned that should not have been
buttoned you could see it's like pulling
on my undershirt that was dumb all right
here we go I'm very sorry there is no
Yoshi but there is something there's
something else there's a thing there's
something else it's in this Bo it might
be all right okay all right what are we
going can I lift the Box let's do it
together let's do it together a team I'm
going other side really heavy
also I also I also want to clarify
something at this point in my career at
this in like 2016
2017 man like kitten and
Christa they were it man they were the
host of Nintendo Minute like I thought I
thought oh they're never going to know
who I am now here I am going to a like
kid and Christa are my buddies I
literally got their number I could call
I'm not going to because it's early in
the morning it's they're on California
time I'm pretty sure they're not up at
1:30 in the morning but I can there
might buddies I love both of them so
like at this point they were I'm not
going to call them at 1:30 a.m. I'm not
going to call them I'm not doing it
we're not going to do it but also the
audio is off you guys are saying what's
wrong with my audio did the audio desync
or something wait a minute hold on hold
on hold on hold on hold on did the audio
desync people are saying the audio
desynced what what happened was the
audio of this desyncing or me audio is
good for me the audio keeps lagging
audio is good audio is off but I closed
the stream and reopened it was fine
perfect perfect perfect all right cool
cool cool lagged a little bit but we're
good all right anyway it's just crazy
that like these guys are my friends now
and like that everybody in this video is
like all my actual friends it's just
crazy dude I love Nintendo anyway Let's
go people were just trolling it was for
a bit but it's fixed you're all good
okay thank you very much chat let us
continue get ready one two three here we
go oh you left me hanging with the Box
all right
all right yo where's the thank you thank
you oh all right pick it up pick it up
also Eagle ey viewers will notice the
bag that I had this day this was an old
my Nintendo reward do you remember this
when you could get the physical rewards
from your my Nintendo points this is an
old mind Nintendo bag dude I had this I
think I've had this since my I want to
say junior year of
college I think it was my junior year of
college that I had this bag this bag
instantly broke I was super duper sad
but anyway also at this point you could
see it in the video when I dropped the
Box kid even said it himself he's like
you left me hanging the Box the warp box
was actually relatively heavy so like if
you tried lifting up that box and if you
were holding it with another person the
other person just dropped it it would
probably drop on this brand new system
so I'm glad that kit managed to catch it
and when in my excitement I ended up
dropping the box so I this is really
happening this is it I feel like Jimmy
fell in the other day
like freaking talking there you go so
there's my explanation it okay that
awesome I'm like I am very surprised I
straight of thought we were playing
Yoshi I was prepared so did wean this
isn't this wasn't supposed to happen all
right well let's let's sit down let's
let's get comfortable here we're we're
going to stay a while please yeah seeing
breath of the Wild for the first time
during this two was unbelievable man no
no you can't okay that part of the fun
all right Ellen this is I I'm actually
holding a switch right now I'm losing my
mind Jade okay my buddy JD was on the
earlier segment for this right he was
very tight lipped because I'm like oh
we're playing Yoshi together it's GNA be
a lot of fun he didn't say anything
didn't like look at
you SC stra like you don't better not
spoil dare I will I come out
there J still I know it's full circle it
is so full circle to go back and watch
this Now customization thing I wanted to
draw the Starbucks Christmas cup cuz I
saw you instagramming about it they
really and so that my initial plan was
like I know but I wanted to do like yeah
now it doesn't matter we're playing the
switch let's go the game game all right
what does that say it says l& R in the
no what does this say it says in the
back
yes I said I
was I was like so hyped when he said
what does this say cuz the little you
could see the little Zelda em uh emoi
right there on the thing I said it says
LR on the controller I just
oh man oh man oh man well that that does
say l you're not wrong okay oh man hit
it okay I'm about to play Zelda I'm
losing my mind right now this is like
I'm literally looking at a white screen
losing your mind we were concerned about
your well-being when we were talking
through is Roger going to be okay
reaction video to make sure that you're
is he going to fall down clearly
oh voice
X get hold on oh my
God got
there noticed that the first time I
played details man details are
everywhere really I just I it's just
crazy to me that this is eight years ago
this does not feel like eight years ago
this feels like three years ago it
really does time just flew man it really
did yeah my old mic quality off my
MacBook
bro thist right now insane this is crazy
back when Roger had the corporate
slickback hairstyle
exactly arms and I was like
man there with you guys that's right
because they brought that's right I
forgot about that so at the time
remember arms got announced during the
switch presentation basically they
brought to Genesis which is a Smash
tournament that's here in La Nintendo
brought and demoed arms to the smash
Community there I completely forgot
about that man I don't want to watch
this whole video because again there's a
lot of just like gameplay and you guys
have seen this at this
point oh this is let me hold on where's
the where's the moment where we're doing
one two switch hold on because a lot of
the here we go here we go here we go to
be fair this is actually a good
transition into something else because
one I do think today during the direct I
think we're going to see breath of the
wild switch 2 Edition I think with
breath of the wild being such a big deal
for the switch one being their big
Flagship launch game I do think now that
we know about switch two editions of
stuff I do think we're going to see
breath of the wild I do think that's
going to be there the other thing I
think we're going to end up getting
during this switch to direct is some
type of smaller and I said this in my
prediction video some type of smaller
first party game right that takes
advantage of the new control scheme that
takes advantage of the mouse controls I
really think we are going to get that
but the game that did that during the
switch one's launch was of course onew
switch and at the time obviously we look
back at it and it's like all right one
two switch not great but at the time the
HD Rumble experiencing it for the first
time playing the game it was a lot of
fun so I actually want to jump ahead to
the onew switch portion because there's
some really funny moments in that also
shout out by the way to crowned crypted
who just said uh I just missed your
Super Chat saying loved hearing your
story with Nintendo earlier how you were
able to pursue your passion in an
unconventional way it gives me a lot of
hope hope I can end up doing the same I
believe in you I believe in you I still
can't dude the fact we got like almost
900 people in here at 1:30 in the
morning is insane thank you all for
being here this is incredible I love you
all also um Roger is it just me or do
you look younger than you did back then
I think honestly it's just the hairstyle
I think it's because I slicked my hair
back and now I don't slick my hair back
now I just let the natural curls happen
yeah but that's why anyway let's skip to
one two switch let's do this here we go
here we go here we go cuz this this
portion of the video is just genely
funny okay that was awesome was it I
love Z like it I'm ready to play this
it's like just like a tiny also thank
you by the way to Danny for the super
chat now play one two switch I am 100%
ready to play let's do that all right we
going to be milking some cows JC style
oh we got to but JC you're gonna you're
gonna see you're gonna see who's the new
Master cow mil
yeah you know JC who I just talked about
in that story earlier giving me the gold
passes at E3 who was looking out for me
when I was applying for that job bro JC
was out here milking cows like his life
dependent on it t a little tast are you
ready to play one two switch got watch
this oh we got like look look at this
just pay attention to this portion of
the screen look at JC's face but
JC see who's the new Master cow milk in
here oh man I got my own special there's
Demetrius oh man
this brings back so many good memories
differ reminiscing when I was a Nintendo
Minute for switch one k kit and I you
know we we have passed we have history
we have a rivalry think I got to settle
with them I know and
actually we did because the first time I
met kit goes back to the story that was
brought up earlier that E3 where I
waited for half an hour to go play starf
Fox Zero actually it was longer than
that I think it was like an hour and a
half to go play Star Fox Zero that E3
little bit of a side tangent that E3 was
Conta ENT wise the single worst E3 for
Nintendo I had ever experienced to put
in perspective what happened at that E3
that E3 was Star Fox Zero Animal
Crossing amiibo Festival Mario Tennis
Ultra smash uh Triforce Heroes and
Metroid Prime Federation Force Blast
ball that was that E3 it was one of the
they were on the n out of 10 games no no
no n out of 10 it was a 10 out of 10
experience Josh that year at E3 was an
incredible experience that year he was
with me when this happened when we went
to the media Booth bro the media booth
that year was amazing cuz nobody was at
the Nintendo media Booth nobody nobody
cared to go nobody was and because of
that all the people that are normally
swamped for interviews all the people
that normally like you can never talk to
or never approach they were all there
you see all of them so we saw mamoto we
saw Sakurai we saw um Reggie re Reggie's
the best story this E3 the story I I
have two stories with Reggie but Reggie
I have multiple good stories about
Reggie from this E3 and the other thing
was there was like no weight when you
were in the media Booth you could just
play the games over and over and over
again and I didn't know that when I was
waiting in line for Star Fox Zero so to
my surprise when we get up to the booth
and it was like oh you could just play
as much starf Fox Zero as you want up
here I was like why did I wait for an
hour and a half on the main floor but
that year was I have so many ridiculous
cuz this year also that year that E3 was
the year that they brought like the Cake
Boss people to make like the Mario
themed cake so then we had like all of
this Mario cake that was at the booth
and they were giving it to the people
who were actually like present at the
media booth and then so like I was
sitting there with Josh and with some of
the Smash Brothers people like eating
cake with Reggie standing next to us
like eating cake patting his belly being
like what a delicious cake it was crazy
dude the stories from this E3 the Kanye
story bro I don't even want to get into
it the the Kanye story is an alltime
ridiculous story what I got to do at
some point at some point I got to bring
kitten Christa on to talk about the
absolute nonsense that happened at the
Nintendo booth that year it is I think I
talked about it once on Japan time but
that story that E3 it was just
ridiculous the amount of crazy things
that happened that year from Kanye West
bursting his way into the Nintendo media
Booth demanding that mamoto make his
phone game to Reggie standing next to me
eating cake and patting his belly to the
other Nintendo employees treating us
like royalty bringing us cake and
letting us play all the games to like
amiibo festival and then the little
oopsie when the product demonstrator
told us that amiibo Festival was a free
game and that you could as soon as you
get the amiibo you get the game for free
and that wasn't true and and then that
news story broke from like playing blast
ball with everybody and that's where
this whole kit rivalry comes from kit
was up in the booth with us had nothing
to do for like this little chunk of e3
and was sitting with us playing blast
ball which is why this rivalry ended up
coming up but man oh man oh man oh man
that E3 while it was probably one of the
worst content wise for Nintendo will
forever and always be like one of the
best e3s of all time in terms of an
experience for me that was of the year
if you remember where they had like the
Muppets so they had all the puppets they
had like puppet iada and puppet mamoto
and puppet um puppet Reggie they had all
that stuff there that year too we got to
go to Jim Henson Studios there was like
there was so I have so many sto I
actually do a video about that E3 at
some point I just have way too many
stories anyway let's continue watching
one two swi to be sett man man I want to
wear this how should I wear this I'm G
like yes we got to see Jim Henson
company build puppets right in front of
us that alone made it great dude it was
incredible it was incredible obviously
they weren't at the time they weren't
building the Nintendo puppets but we
missed mamoto by a day he was there the
day before visiting Jim Henson Studios
and we found out from our tour guide the
next day that he was there I was like I
missed him by a day and then I ended up
see it was crazy anyway anyway I keep
pausing the video I'm sorry but there's
just so many good Nintendo
stories oh this is when I shot Christa
in the back it the other way I can't
think what
I pull myand stop talking just
kidding and see how tall and Christ
short she's trying to like tie the B
on this is all about face interaction
for you guys want to stare down ready
here we go ZL fire when you hear the
word fire dude again at the time one two
switch was actually genuinely a lot of
fun we look back at it and we're like oh
man okay I'm ready
oh Roger very fasty fast oh first
time how tall are you you don't bu Mas
I'm 61 it was fast I'm 6'1 oh people
always think I'm short though because
the way my camera set
up
unbelievable I think I won on that one
too I think you actually got oh no no
she got me on that one
really oh this is the yeah yeah
watch right through the heart that's a
ter cuz she's shorter than me so she
literally shot me in the heart why is
his why is it on his
groin hello you're pretty worked up
let's that why is his on why is it on
his groin moment that did not make it
into the Final Cut of the Nintendo
Minute my video from the behinds the
scenes of this Nintendo minutes got all
the good stuff all the stuff that got
cut from the official videos this all
here the milking with with kit we're
milking the cows well some of that I
think made into the video but some of
the well you'll see just watch just
watch milk this cow it's funny this all
right let's do it do let's mil this C
all right you're going to make this
motion and then you're going to hit this
one and then that one progressively
progressively top and the oh my okay
we're just we're just look you want that
big healthy stream also
that line from Christa is insane did you
hear what she says listen to this listen
oh this guy listen to this make this
motion I didn't catch this until I was
editing the video I was like bro I could
not I could not believe I was like I had
to put it in the video I couldn't
believe she said that watch you're going
to hit this one and then that one just
wait progressively progressively listen
to what she say oh my okay we're just
we're just look you want that big
healthy
I feel like Roger's going to be good at
this I'm like what the hell do you mean
Christa it's
crazy look at your hands make sure you
got absolutely crazy right just like
this right you got to do
it and K and kit mind you I don't know
if you could tell in the video dude is
like staring me in the face for half of
this it we we were like this is forever
going to be a moment I bonded with kit
in this moment we were playing this game
dude it was so funny oh man
we still talk about this to the day
every time I see him that's what you
want making me very uncomfortable I'm
going to be honest I said this is how we
settle our score it's how we settle our
score it's how a gentleman settles a
score by milking a cow exactly all right
all right you won that round for sure
I'm going to win them all well all right
oh and this eight cups that's right cuz
kit that's right cuz kit started winning
all the mini gamess you'll see you'll
see you'll see you'll see you'll see not
b i I have not rewatched this in years
now now we'll go for real here he seem
too comfortable I'm like comfortable
right now now you said you've never been
on a farm I've never been on a farm in
my life all right I'm still doing I just
have the natural touch this is weird
Roger all animals love me all animal see
he's trying to throw me off talking not
goats goats don't love you you get goat
milk is a goat an animal yes then it
loves me I don't think it also just
brain neurons are firing a different
directions right now we just talked
about goats and I opened the stream with
the Mario 64 rendition of sance sance
has goats on it
interesting full circle loves you though
goats love me yeah cuz I am the greatest
we need to talk about this that's why
all
right I lose L I'm not even surprised
that I
won where's the Improvement I don't know
he was locked in for this I'll tell
you the mil stream was thinner bro that
are going to come out of this I'm
telling you like the gifts oh man gifts
were so funny got we got this rug here
we got this rug all right good oh boy
all right I got the this for a long time
this photo right here of me cupping the
cow and holding the joyc con this was my
profile photo I want to say for like two
years this was my profile photo on
Facebook was of me on Nintendo Minute
locking in playing this cow
gameing ridiculous like don't do it if
you caress the cow you get more milk see
we're petting the so can it read how far
I am from like caressing the cow oh you
have I stopped caring you stopped
ridiculous I was getting confused he's
really
feeling sing see he's trying to like
freak me out single motion here no I
know he's tricking you don't don't
listen to him you concentrate
on I think I'm doing way better now feel
it feel it just pouring out of this I
can HD Rumble into the yeah it let's see
that was that was a lot better I think
you get definitely I still lost
[Music]
come on bro I would have beaten your
record but you be what do you mean you
would have except I broke my own
record some other stuff cuz again this
video this video went up on my channel
but all all my Nintendo videos whenever
I do a Nintendo video that's like a
sponsored Nintendo video they have to
get approved by Nintendo if it's like
like when I did the MEO one or when I
did this one like there's certain things
unless it's something where like I'm
stream it if it's a video that I'm doing
for them I usually have to get the video
approved so there's nothing like
inappropriate or whatever so I was so
thrilled when they were like no you can
upload this as is like it's funny it's
not on the Nintendo Channel you're good
like the fact that they approved this
and let me upload this to my channel I
think was the funniest thing I again I
love Nintendo bro the team at Nintendo
they're just the best let's continue I'm
G sound
effect okay that's what we're going to
do oh this was the dance I forgot about
the dance game well you got to pose
okay your mo i you wrong one too right
cuz I tricked you she almost messed up
also she almost
swore that wouldn't have been on
Nintendo
Minute woohoo oh there you go woohoo we
go
yeah there we go okay hold on I
hey I just like did some random thing
try to mess her up that's very difficult
I know cuz I was trying to think of
other on
[Applause]
oh I there is a ping pong portion of
this I believe too at some point
timing dude I literally forgot this is
even a mini game in there I oh yeah this
game too you catch the sword start no
you're not misremembering there wasn't P
it's coming up it's coming
up all right all right
harder
oh he used my
own oh man you got to learn these tricks
I know I you think you're
swordsman
right I thought a quick draw one would
work I know that's why I was like yeah
again the catlike reflexes I
[Applause]
know the Fearsome Bellow I feel like
watching the joyc con helps because like
if it's angled a little bit I think
watching The Sword will help you catch
it by the way Nintendo uh check the
trademarks wait what whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa hold on am
I being trolled right now wait what my
chat's saying check trademarks they just
made an nend dog
trademark it's legit up wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait
I swear if we get a new nintendog game
during the switch 2 direct when I in my
video predicting switch 2 stuff had a
segment with Obi barking saying why
don't you predict nintend
dogs
bro you're there's no
way it's on an official trademark wait
wait okay but wait hold on N this is f
if Nintendo is something that they're
trademarking that's fine but I highly
High highly highly suggest please I'm
going to say this right now obviously
it's 140 I'm probably going to have to
repeat this if there are leaks about
things in this please do not tell me
please do not tell me Nintendo dogs is
fine Nintendo that's like f if if there
is a a Nintendo Dogs game that's fine
that's going to be cool if there's oh
it's a oh oh oh oh oh never mind it's a
trademark
renewal oh oh oh oh oh I thought they
trademarked the name of a new
game okay okay okay
nearly gave me a heart attack for a
second it's just a renewal okay yeah but
no spoilers no spoilers on stuff I don't
want to see any leaks I don't want to
see any spoilers my whole thing is I
like seeing my reactions I I like just
watching my stuff blind so no spoilers I
should probably put like a no spoilers
thing up on the stream I think people
are going to be respectful though I
think people will be watching out for it
also it's like it's early no one's awake
right now we're cool all right anyway
let's continue let's continue watch more
of this one two switch stuff yeah but I
want to
go
what my man was trash talking this whole
time dude incredible I'm embarrassing
myself fell down cuz he got
hit come on get on my side I am on your
side the way I even distorted his voice
and made the evil
laugh that's what's been holding holding
me as a non-member I don't mind if you
had MERS potential people who might
spoil he does a little bit oh this you
guys cast me for this I know what the H
it does look like you he looks like me
straight up he looks like me even his
movement look at how like lank he looks
like lanky Kong he's like me that boy's
lanky
Kong that got in there
too I said he's like me he's lanky like
me he's lanky Kong I got the little
lanky Kong
PNG oh
man oh that is
funny bring back Donkey Kong man that's
what I want basically oh yeah the yeah
right also and then Rhythm Heaven and
now we're sitting on a new Rhythm Heaven
game they just announced a new Rhythm
Heaven here we are amazing man amazing
I'm G do this I love this first time
actually being able to watch your live
stream I can't wait for the potential
Professor Leon news all right on
Veronica ncom welcome welcome wait got
it
okay oh I actually did kind of I think
the ping pong game is probably my
favorite oh that's where thanks
Demetrius came
from all
right cuz he was giving me advice on how
to hit it oh
no all right so I noticed we have these
wrist straps on our joycons man oh man
her voice is like very relaxing is it
the we fit trainer is that who's talking
about imagine a and a ball right Focus I
know I'm just trying to fake you out
again here we
go oh
ohing that true oh I could
just thanks Demetrius look at this he
was giving me advice on advice ADV video
thanks to that's it all right some
calibration here feel feel that moving
around this okay I will say of
everything that I got to try out for one
two switch during this preview event the
thing that still blows my mind to this
day it was still kind of cool and the
thing that really blew my mind when I
was doing this was the HD Rumble with
the marbles and the water inside the
thing where you could count the marbles
and you could actually like physically
feel inside of it the
number I still don't know how they did
that obviously they didn't really do a
lot of other HD Rumble stuff later on
but at the time it was mind-blowing you
know also uh I could tell you're a
Bonafide theater kid because your
standing pose favors the audience and
the camera and a slant position you
already know bro you already know of
course of course of course of course
fading on the switch with the
games I can't even think of the right
song it's too early in the morning
people are saying are you sleepy I'm not
sleepy at all I'm not sleepy at all this
is like Christmas morning for me right
now I'm not sleepy at all my energy is
it's it's not an all-time high it's
going to be an alltime high in like
three hours from now but it's pretty
high it's pretty high challenge your
body all right now we're I'm hyp how
should we hold this by the way however
you want let's watch your Smash Bros
reactions I might pull up a few a little
bit later I really I we haven't done the
gotcha machine and we haven't done the
top 25 and I really do want to do both
of those and I honestly feel like
considering how long it's taken that the
whole first hour of the stream was me
reminiscing about my history with
Nintendo and how I got where I am now
doing all this stuff and then the whole
second half of this has been second hour
was me reminiscing with Nintendo minute
stuff I don't know if we're even going
to have the chance to get through
everything I want to get through shout
out by the way to Carter coming through
with the Super Chat saying after any
direct I watch tons of reactions but I
always always watch yours first you have
the best reactions by far you are the
hype King thank you for everything you
do your Vibes are unmatched never change
man thank you very very much nakama
appreciate that thank you thank you
thank you also you taking into account
the time you're going to want to spend
talking about the direct afterwards you
might end up going to bed at like 10 or
11: a.m. uh I'm not going to bed until
like 5:00 p.m. tomorrow it's not
happening I'll sleep when I'm on my
flight to New York I'm not sleeping I
don't need to sleep I'm chilling I slept
like 10 hours the day before and then I
slept for like three hours I'm good I am
chilling I don't have to worry about it
at all I might take a little nap because
what's probably gonna happen what's
probably GNA happen is we're obviously
going to be doing all this pre-show and
then the direct is going to happen and
then we're going to watch the direct and
then what's most likely going to happen
happen is I think I'm going to splice
out the direct reaction and upload just
the direct as a video afterwards and I'm
going to upload that as a video then
depending on how many individual games
get announced that I'm interested in I'm
going to upload individual reactions to
other games that get announced so like
if there's a new Xenoblade or a smash
BRS or whatever I'll like cut those out
and I'll turn them into stuff nintend
dogs maybe that would make for a good
short that kind of stuff the shorts will
blow up when I end up doing those so I
feel like this is going to happen and
then when the stream is over I'm going
to record not record I'm going to upload
the recording of the direct portion and
put that up on the channel and then once
that's up I'll start uploading
individual reactions as shorts and if
they longer reactions I'll upload them
as like Standalone videos as well but I
will definitely be doing that also
unfortunately I will not be reacting to
any of the Treehouse stuff over the next
two days because I will literally be
playing the games in New York and I'm
goingon to be in New York and I don't
think there's going to be a real chance
for me to
stream um I don't think I'll be able to
stream all the Treehouse stuff while I'm
in New York I could try for my hotel
room but I'm literally going to be
playing this stuff I'm going to be at
the switch experience so I'm going to be
filming all this your videos that you
guys are going to see you won't even
need treeh house live you can enjoy
treeh housee live on you know um
Thursday and Friday without me but by
Friday I should have videos up I should
have all of this stuff up of the games
that I played and whatever gets
announced I should be able to talk about
and then I got my meetup on Friday night
at the Nintendo store which I still got
to finalize like what time I'm doing
that and then Saturday I'm gonna go to
oh I'm not even going to spoil it I
shouldn't even spoil where I'm going
Saturday I'm going to I'm G to spoil it
you know what it's 1:47 in the morning
there's only a select number of you that
are hearing this I'm going to just spoil
it right now Saturday morning one of my
friends is a camera group R in New York
and he knows where they shot sance where
Lumen headquarters is so I am going to
record a video from the Lumen building
in New York it's actually technically in
New Jersey but I'm gonna film a video
from there and do a bunch of shorts that
are Nintendo related from Lumen and so
that's all going to be on so I'm
actually going to visit the set of sance
on Saturday which is crazy so I got like
Nintendo switch stuff all the way
through my meet up on Friday Friday
evening Saturday I'm going to go to the
severance set Sunday I fly out kieran's
in here what's up yo welcome Kieran
welcome Sunday I'm flying out to go to
Chicago and then Friday in Chicago I
have my c2e2 panel with the Japan time
guys and then I fly back on Saturday and
then I'm going to the LA switch to
experience that following Sunday so
non-stop I'm moving I'm G to have so
many videos up and so much content you
guys are going to be like oh it's
totally fine that I didn't do reactions
and stuff cuz he's going to be uploading
reaction action and videos to all this
other stuff it's going to be great do I
think they're going to do pre-orders
after the direct 110% 110%
absolutely also lucky for you Roger one
piece is entering a break after the next
chapter I saw thank goodness so I'm not
missing two which is going to be good
I'm still going to have to record my
review video for the new one piece
chapter on Sunday before I hop onto my
plane to go to Chicago um but the yeah
the second week I won't have to which is
going to be good so I also think it's
going to be a blood bath for pre-orders
yeah you know what I honestly would
recommend I'm not even just saying this
cuz they're a sponsor I honestly think
this is a good thing you guys should do
um I work with zed Market all the time
which is like that proxy shipping
service in Japan Japan is usually better
about getting pre-orders I would
recommend if you can't get a because I'm
assuming the switch well I guess I won't
recommend this until we find out but I'm
pretty sure I'm pretty sure switch 2 is
going to be region free I'm pretty sure
switch one was region free I'd have to
imagine switch is region free it has to
be because it's backwards compatible it
has to
be so with that in mind I would actually
recommend if you can't get a pre-order
in your own region pre-order a switch to
from Zen market off of like Amazon or
merari or whatever and then just get it
shipped to you you probably will have a
better chance doing that than you will
like refreshing on nintendo.com or Best
Buy you know what the other trick is
that people don't do people a lot of the
time will go like on Best Buy or
GameStop or whatever or nintendo.com or
all this other stuff shout out by the
way to the undy taker I just love your
name so I wanted to shout you out say
new follower here excited for switch to
thank you very much um what makes you
think it won't be region free no I think
it will be I'm saying on the off weird
CH on the 1% chance that it's not maybe
don't take my advice but I think it most
definitely will be I almost assuredly
believe it will be region free um and
that's why I said you could order your
pre-orders off Zen Market or something
if you're not actually able to get it
off of one of the other like American
websites or wherever your region is in
the world because I know I got an
international audience I know kieran's
in here I know I got viewers in the UK I
know I got viewers everywhere region
free means you could play games from
every region and uh you could just
basically set the thing it's actually a
smart idea good call right exactly and
then Japan you don't have to deal with
scalpers or everything too if you order
off of there off a Japanese website and
you do it through like Zen Market
they're shipping it might be like a week
late but it's better to be a little a
week late than it is to like Miss out in
the pre-order and not even get it the
day you're supposed to get it you know
um what where was I going with that oh
oh my other trick my other trick the
other thing I would recommend to you
guys if you uh don't already know this I
feel like the best thing that you should
go look for in terms of pre-orders like
the best website is Big Box retailers
like your targets your Walmarts that
type of stuff that's the stuff that you
should be looking on don't even bother
with GameStop don't even bother with
nintendo.com cuz those are going to be
gone instantly how long until the direct
starts 4 hours and 7 minutes right there
4 hours and 7 minutes yeah but I feel
like I feel like Target and Walmart are
your best bet I feel like Best Buy is
going to be gone immediately I feel like
GameStop is going to be gone immediately
I think nintendo.com is going to be gone
immediately yeah but I feel like Target
and Walmart usually got a pretty good
job thank you by the way to
Idris thank you Idris coming through
with five gift memberships not comma
thank you very very much for that
appreciate that thank you thank you
thank you um um I would also you know
what's another one I people don't
consider this but they sell these all
the time there
Staples Staples is a really really good
option because Staples they sell switch
games and occasionally they sell switch
hardware and nobody is going to be
thinking of Staples when people are like
oh I'm going to pre-order a switch to
nobody ever thinks of Staples I'm
telling you bro Staples is a slept on
one staples you're like that's office
supplies no bro look at this
staples.com look at
this Staples
switch or I I think you have to even
yeah look you have to type Nintendo
switch but look they got all the switch
games they got all the accessories you
could buy switch lights they got it
eligible next day tomorrow I'm telling
you in store you can get the systems I'm
telling you I'm telling you I'm telling
you
staples.com that's the thing you should
be checking check your Staples and your
Walmarts if you're going to be looking
for pre-orders I really think that's
what you got to do
yeah what's the equivalent for Staples
in Australia I have no idea uh Kieran
said for UK Brethren Argos might be the
one to go with manag to get a PS5 launch
day on there what is
Argos Argos
UK is that essentially oh yeah British
retailer through catalogs
interesting for home delivery yeah see
this this is more like a lifestyle big
box shipping retailer this is definitely
like the way to go that's a good call
from Kieran very very good call wait all
right hold on we got like five minutes
left till the top of the hour I do want
to finish this Nintendo Minute video
we'll talk about pre-orders again a
little bit later hold on I just want to
see the end of this is very slowly cuz
the end of this is important I just
That's So Co cuz this leads in the end
of this leads into that story I told
earlier about like my history with
Nintendo and the launches of all these
other systems okay I think I think
there's just one I think there's two
okay I think there's two find out I just
realized I had my old Apple watch with
nothing happened oh all right all right
that's cool it feels like they're
bouncing that is
weird Nintendo magic I'm telling you it
is crazy though
man I was like so
skinny
man I had had no muscle on me whatsoever
bro I was again I was lanky Kong I was
Skin and
Bones like thank goodness for Jimmy
man this Roger this Roger could not lift
what I lift today not even close he
would he'd be crying after like the
first set of my warm-up man I'm I'm on
my transition era right now I had lanky
Kong I was lanky Kong for switch one and
now I'm transitioning into Funky Kong
for switch 2 I'm going to be Funky Kong
for switch 2 from lanky Kong to Funky
Kong exactly now they just got to make a
a Donkey Kong game that's what I want
all right that is weird anyway Nintendo
magic I'm telling
you oh look at that I thought there were
three because the first time it happened
when there were two there was like a
little bit of Rumble but it didn't make
like you couldn't feel the second slide
of the ball yeah it's also so funny
because I saw people saying this earlier
in the chat about my voice you know my
voice for whatever reason does not sound
the same here as it does today but my
Cadence and like my tone is the same but
like my old microphone when we were
doing old Japan times or any of my old
videos I do sound so different but I
really in person I did not sound that
different I think it's just one I got a
better microphone nowadays two obviously
I'm older this is eight years later and
my life I spend screaming at a screen
like that's my life so of course my
voice is going to sound slightly worn
but my singing voice I actually think my
singing voice has gotten better in the
last few years I feel like I was a
little pitchy before but I do sound
different for sure I do definitely sound
different but it's actually not as much
as I think people usually say yeah weird
overtime over okay oh my gosh one minute
we only have one minute be fast right oh
my gosh I think it's I think it's I
think it's more I don't think I think
it's four really yeah this Marvel game
really was fun though you got a Sig more
you might be right though Tetris hey
what's up
Tetris weird okay we'll call that a TI I
hope song I do another song both
wrong you're both
both so thank you you mean I mean you
really you really dealt with us on this
trick surprise I know I'm seriously
thank you guys very much for this this
is not what at all what I expected I
expected like said to play Yoshi to you
know try out some new pooi skins try out
the new pooi amiibo this was amazing I'm
ready day one since you were such a good
sport with our trick SLS surprise I
think uh you might have a Nintendo
switch on your doorstep come March 3rd
from your friends at Nintendo yeah what
yeah
okay what thank you very much thank you
guys all right
what and like I said it wasn't March 3rd
they told me March 3rd 3rd so when I got
the surprise on like February 3rd and I
had it like a month early and I was
playing breath of the wild and all this
other
stuff imagine my shock because I
remember at the time that would have
been like what February
2017 again at the time I was wrapping up
a few last couple things with one of the
Rogue one things I think it was for like
the DVD release or something for that
Rogue one contract I was wrapping up a
few things and I remember I came back
from work and at that point I was only
going in like maybe once or twice a week
and I I remember walking back to my
studio seeing at my front doorstep this
giant box from Nintendo and being like
what is this it was crazy man you really
got to experience breath of the wild
before the rest of the internet it was a
magical experience it was it was magical
because I got to basically experience
breath of the Wild For The First Time
twice I got to experience it blind for
myself for like a month and play through
the whole thing myself see sidon for the
first time you know see the end of the
game everything but then when the game
came out for everybody and I could play
in in like in hard mode and have like a
new uh save file and see what everybody
else was doing it was like a whole
different experience and I was like wait
people solved this puzzle this way and
did this thing it was great yeah
absolutely great I still got to finish
monster hunor Wilds I rolled credits the
day before Xenoblade and yeah you know
I'm actually I could show you guys I can
give you guys a quick little update on
where I am in Xenoblade since we're
about to hit the top of the hour 20
seconds from now man let me actually
boot this up and I could show you
guys where I am currently in Xenoblade
I'm not gonna play right now because I
do want to get into that um sing this
sidon song maybe later maybe later do
you still have your original switch of
course it's in the main room it's in the
main
room all right hold on let's see
this open this up let me also make sure
that my audio is working for this
because otherwise I don't know if you're
going to be able to hear this oh no you
can hear it
you guys can hear
that all right let me minimize that open
this back up again all right let's see
my current save file here we go less
than four hours away by the way right
now less than four hours away you love
to see
it all right here we
are Xenoblade Chronicles X Definitive
Edition I'll show you guys where I am
currently in the
game My Safe it's not spoilers don't
worry it's not going to be spoilers
there will not be spoilers I I don't
even think I'm in the middle of a story
mission right now I'm in the middle of
like doing side quest so you're
fine but I'm mostly just going to show
uh what my hour mark is and like what my
characters are looking like
currently here we
go so let's see my character so my party
currently is Lynn my MC IRA and Elma so
they're all like level 40 level 45
around then I've been playing a lot but
if I save I should be able to show you
my current play time bro my current play
time is 40 hours 40 hours I don't even
think I've completed chapter nine yet
and I'm 40 hours
in by the time I finish this game it's
going to be like 100 hours again which
is like I think I put 150 in the Z Blade
Chronicles X originally when it first
came out on uh Wii U I feel like the
same thing's probably going to happen if
I wasn't sleeping on my flight to New
York I probably would just be playing
this the whole time but yeah 40 hours
man oh man oh man oh man oh man game
saved you got it all right well again
we're not going to play right now
because we've got something I want to do
but might we might come back to that
maybe at like the two-hour Mark or
something but we've got a big thing that
I want to do for this next
segment and that is to put together the
list of the top 25 best Nintendo switch
games of all time that is what we are
going to do I'm going to put on some
nice bubblaine
music let you guys cozy up for that 2 am
hour bring this down a little bit let me
know by the way if it's too loud or too
quiet hold
on this open
this just let me know if I need to turn
it up or turn it down you let me know I
do just I love this music man and if
again if that's too loud or too quiet
you just let me know all right
timer here we go switch to Mario Maker 3
come home that would be pretty cool all
right so I have this is my list that I'm
going to be putting together of the top
25 best switch games of all time again
we've been waxing Nostalgia this whole
stream first hour I told you my history
with Nintendo how I got into doing what
I do obviously the second hour we
watched the Nintendo minute again with
kitten Christof for when I got surprised
with the first switch and now I want to
take these next couple hours to
reminisce about how many amazing games
came out on the Nintendo switch over the
years and so what I'm going to be doing
I have a list over here shout out to
Nintendo life I have my glasses on for
this hold
on I have a list from Nintendo
life where is it where is it where is it
I just had it open oh it's over in this
tab hold on Nintendo life
all switch games and this is a list in
alphabetical order of every single game
that's ever been released any every
major game that's ever been released on
Nintendo switch we're going to go one by
one it's a 20page long list with I think
there's like a 100 games on each list
it's going to take us a couple hours to
do this guaranteed but we're going to do
it now mind you a lot of the games that
are on here I probably have not played
or I'm somewhat familiar with but I bet
you a a lot of these games I probably
have played and I probably have thoughts
on so we're going to do this we're going
to go through the entirety of the
Nintendo switch Library one by one and
like I said earlier in the Stream I'm
going to do this like how Jeff gersman
does it on his podcast where basically
when there's a game that I think could
be in contention for one of my favorite
games on the system I'm going to mark it
on this list and then as we go through I
will then start marking things if I feel
like they deserve to be there higher or
lower also so again is the music a good
level is it quiet loud how's it feeling
chat just let me know let me know how
we're doing music
wise I'll put this thing on Loop too so
we don't have to have it going and going
where is this repeat
on repeat there we go music is just
right fantastic sounds good that is what
I like to hear okay let's do this I'm
going to open this
up put this over here
all
right here we go all right we're getting
started now speaking of the first game
that popped up on this list
alphabetically one two switch now look
we had a lot of fun reminiscing looking
at one two switch is one two switch on a
list of my top 25 best switch games of
all time absolutely not absolutely not I
love it though Pikmin 4 better be high
oh Pikmin 4 is top 25 easy guaranteed
all right 10 second run returns I
actually really like this game this is
like the little the little stick figure
running game that used to be on DSi and
I believe it was also on 3DS they had a
switch version I never played the switch
version but I do like that game it's not
going to be on my list 13 Sentinels agis
Rim now I feel like had I beaten 13
Sentinels or really spent a significant
amount of time with that game it
probably would land on my list it
probably would how however because I
have not played a lot of it I do not
feel comfortable putting it on my list
again this is my top 25 favorite switch
games of all time it's going to be
biased towards things that I've played
so just keep that in mind but I heard I
heard the game is very good and I do own
the game and I would like to play it at
some point but that's not going to be on
the list all right 34 sports games World
Edition never played it 3D Billiards
Pool probably not
3D mini golf nope 88 Heroes 98 Heroes
Edition never heard of it nine rip what
even is this nine
rip School ghost stories and urban
legends Nightmare on Oto oh it's an OT
game oh rean would probably like this
but I don't really play OT games so
we're not doing this there's going to be
a lot of shovelware on this list I
actually don't think there will be that
much
I don't think there's going to be that
much because this list that Nintendo
life put together mostly put together
games that um they've written like
articles about so a lot of the stuff
that's like shovelware AI [ __ ]
that's on the website it's probably not
or on the eShop excuse me that's
probably not going to be on this list
thankfully all right a hat in time
absolutely not I know people love that
game I'm not a fan of the Hat in time
but it is what it is plague tail
innocence no abathor Ace Angler Ace
Combat 7 unknown deluxe edition oh I
should also say by the way for the
purposes of this
list barring a few games that I could
think of that are like remasters or
re-releases I will probably be leaving
off remasters and re-releases remakes I
think are fair but remasters and
re-releases for the most part I'm going
to be leaving off of this list because
there's obviously a lot of them all
right could we see the Nintendo life on
screen
uh maybe I mean I could maybe find a
place to put it as I'm
scrolling yeah I could do that here let
me
uh let me just adjust this real quick I
think I have to make a new display
capture for this but I should be able to
do it new display capture here we go uh
oh wait a minute where'd it
go wait a minute where where did it go
okay automatic okay scroll all the way
down dude the fact that there's 876 of
you in here right now at 2 :30 in the
not even it's 2:08 in the morning man
insane I love you guys all right here
I'll do this move this on down so that
way you guys could see the list as I'm
scrolling through
it here we
go here we go it's 508 by you four for
me man I love you guys and we're still
like four hours away look at me Roger
seion stream seion over
here all right here we go I'll do
this and maybe I'll put that like right
here I'll make it a little
bigger there we go so you guys can see
as I'm scrolling basically is that
better yeah because then you guys at
least kind of know what it is I'm
talking about and when I'm putting the
list because then see as I'm scrolling
you guys can see everything but again
shout out to Nintendo life for this list
all right I'm going to lock that and
then I'll move this on over here Fe
where does feature chat pop up let's see
by the way you're very sweet thanks for
getting us through the switch gen thank
you very much for saying that that's
very kind also much better I was
Googling the list there you go so you
guys can see it as I'm doing it okay
active life outdoor challenge nope Adams
Venture o
o I'm seeing our first maybe I'm seeing
our first
maybe I'm seeing the first one that I'm
willing to at least put on the list
Advance
Wars 1 plus
two reboot Camp you guys remember my
reaction to this game when it got
announced during that E3 where my power
went out and Reagan took my phone and we
went out to brunch and I had to remain
unspoiled and that was the Metroid dread
advaned Wars breath of the wild 2
trailer E3 loved it loved it loved it
absolutely positively loved it couldn't
believe this game was actually real
absolutely adore the Advanced Wars game
and Advanced Wars
oneplus2 did such a good job I loved all
the custom little map Builders I loved
that it was fully voiced I loved the
little animated cutcenes it is my ideal
way to play Advance Wars now I love it
so I'm going to put that actually on my
list that's the first one that's come up
so far that's going on my list very good
again things I'm also you can see this
list goes down to like 100 something So
eventually things are going to get
shifted around not everything is going
to end up where it is currently just
keep that in mind all right here we go
here we go here we go exactly it's more
like a comparison thing that I'm going
to be doing is this one better than that
one right so games are going to be put
above and below we're basically building
out the list of the best switch games so
that's what we're doing all right here
we go Adventure Time ETA noctis Eternal
blade a w fight
forever Agatha Christie I didn't even
know they made these games there's a lot
of there's three Agatha Christie games
on here murder on the orian express the
first cases and the London case
okay AI the somnium files I have this
game on Steam I believe wisdom eel
gifted it to me on Steam haven't had the
chance to play it yet but I've heard
nothing but good things about it and
didn't they just announce a new
one but I've heard it's very good but
not going to be on my list what is this
air
twister I've never even heard of that
one okay arrow heart Akai Katana Shin
looks like an at game alest Alex
kid Alicia the Oblivion of twin
goddesses Allstar fruit
racing okay American Ninja Warrior
challenge Among the Sleep enhanced
Edition AET andr dunos 2 angelan trigger
ooh ooh
ooh of
course of course in fact it's moving up
to number one of course Animal Crossing
New Horizons saved my life during 2020
bro Animal Crossing during the co years
sitting at home visiting each other's
towns building out our
furniture it's peak man Animal Crossing
is one of my all-time favorite video
game franchises period New Horizons is
my second favorite animal crossing game
of all time it's got to be on here man
it's got to be on here I think New
Horizons even when we're like two hours
into this and we're putting together
this list I feel like New Horizons
is probably going to be top 10 I think
it's going to be top 10 for me I really
do I think that's going to be a
permanent fixture on this list and you
know what we could just move one step
further I see Anonymous code I haven't
played that one but another code
recollection that's another one man
that's another one that's worth being on
here dude recollection I would say is
well you know what though it is it's a
semi remaster remake that's kind of ah
reboot camp at least I think fully
changed the game and really built it out
recollection though is it's a it's a
remake but it's right on that line of
like remaster to remake so I'm wondering
if I even include
it I'm going to say I'm going to keep it
on here for now cuz it's probably not
going to stay top 25 but I'm going to
keep it on here cuz more people should
really play that game that game is
really good also thank you by the way to
Nick Durant who just came through with
the Super Chat saying let's build some
hype this fine fine morning coming
through at 2:14 a.m. thank you very much
nakom appreciate you thank you very very
very much thank you for that hey stealth
is in here too saying happy switch today
happy switch today to you too stealth
we're putting together our list of the
top 25 switch games
fantastic welcome welcome welcome
stealth I'll be seeing you very soon in
New York I'll be seeing you very soon
all right let's see what's on here
another Crusade Alana four rhythms
across the blue Apollo Justice Ace
Attorney Trilogy we streamed part of
this on the YouTube channel absolutely
love the game but again that's mostly a
port so I'm going to leave that off here
um abula end of gods aquamoto racing
Utopia origami 1 and two arcade love
plus Pango
what is
this what is this arcade love plus
Pango a unique bundle of Japanese
zaniness arcade beatings shootings and
pingos for everyone an enhanced version
of a puzzle game by by Sega for
arcades well I've never played it but
I'd be down to try it I just like the
look of the little dumb Penguin face so
I'm going on that one all
right uh arcade Paradise areta oh I'm
seeing a bunch of I'm seeing a bunch of
them coming up arcade Paradise arietta
of spirits Ark survival
arcanoid this right
here
oh
oh
oh now you guys know me I have been an
arms Stan an arms Defender since day one
bro I love arms I love I have 300 hours
in this game every single arm unlocked
every character unlocked everything I
spent so much time playing arms that
first year of the switch that we were
talking about earlier 2017 where I was
at home I finally went fulltime on
YouTube was playing a bunch of games
bro while everybody was playing Splatoon
2 I fell off Splatoon 2 and I played
arms arms was like the main thing that I
played other than breath of the wild
from like
July through until Mario
Odyssey I played arms I alternated
really it was mostly between
arms and Mario Kart but I also had Mario
Kart on Wii U so I didn't really play
that much Mario Kart initially I played
way more Mario Kart 8 Deluxe later on
obviously once we got to the point where
like they had a DLC then I did also I've
seen a lot of people saying I can't
believe you're live during this hour of
course of course we got 3 hours and 40
minutes left until the switch 2 Direct
by the way arms just Peak arms just Peak
that was another game I have L of
nostalgia for because Nintendo sent it
to me earlier and I just I love it arms
in fact arms I'm putting it above
another code I'm putting it above
Advance Wars putting arms at number two
currently I love arms love it love it
love
it all right we have oh this actually
we're going through this list pretty
quick to be fair this actually isn't
taking as long as I thought already in
The Secret Of Seasons ashra Gods
Redemption Assassin's Creed remastered
Ezio collection Rebel collection
asterisk astral
chain I hate to do this to you guys I
hate to do this you know okay I am a
hype man I am a Nintendo hype
man I wanted to love astral chain so
badly I wanted to love it so so so so
badly but you guys have heard this story
time and time and time again my motion
sickness during astral
chain I have never felt that sick
playing a video game in my life I had
horrible headaches horrible mind grains
I was getting emotion sick playing this
some of you remember this I did a
sponsored stream for astral chain cuz I
was so excited to play this game I loved
the visual style I loved the music I
loved that it was developed by Platinum
I'm like dude this is going to be my
kind of game I can't wait to stream the
whole
thing I streamed it I reached out to
Nintendo I'm like I wanted to do a
sponsored stream I streamed it I
streamed it for an hour and a half and I
literally had to stop and then I
messaged Nintendo afterwards like I'm
sorry I can't not play more of it I'm
getting motion sick they're like we
understand we get it so I wanted to love
astral chain I wanted to love astral
chain so badly and like Timothy's
bringing up in my chat I'm like this
with a lot of action games can't really
play the Devil May Cry games can't
really play the Bayonetta games can't
really play astral chain it's weird
because I played Final Fantasy 16 just
fine I played genin just fine I played
God of War just fine there's plenty of
action games I play just fine but
Bayonetta astral chain to a weird extent
Wonder for 101
and DmC Devil May Cry I can't enjoy them
I can't enjoy them I want to enjoy them
but I just can't enjoy them so
unfortunately because it is my list
astral chain is not making it but
honorable mention because astral Chain's
music is amazing and the style is
amazing and I want them actively I would
be really excited for a new astral chain
game I would love to see astral chain
too I would I would love to see what
they would do with it and I would love
to give it a second chance and hopefully
not be sick playing it so we'll see all
right next page we're already on page
two look at
this we got a bunch of atar collections
which are quite good um Austria Astron
night aelier which I know there's a lot
of atellier holy crap they have this
many aelier
games there's one two three four five
six seven there's seven AEL games on
switch damn and not one of them is
making my list that's crazy Attack on
Titan two and Attack on Titan final
battle ATV avichi azer Lane azer Striker
Bak oh
Baku Bako is actually kind of good this
is the game made by the Goon team hold
on I actually think I have it over
here let me
see yeah right here mamea Baku
this game is awesome really really great
this is made by the old go a man team um
but I think it's actually Goodfield that
developed it so Goodfield that made I
believe Kirby's Epic yard and Yoshi's
woolly world but again the developers
were the developers that worked on Goan
and uh it's just it's an awesome game
you could see the back of
it it's just a really fun little game I
love the style of it I love the
character art it's it's
great I'll throw bck on here why not
I'll throw bck on here it's a cool game
I'll put it on here give bckad some love
I'm cool I wouldn't put it
above I wouldn't put it above another
code Advance Wars arms or Animal
Crossing but I I'll put it on here
respect the bakit I love
Baker okay next up put this on over here
hold
on dude these games on my shelf look at
this what I'm about to show you guys
you're not going to believe that I have
it this
was the final result of a ridiculous
amount of up trading at frankinson I
frankinson for those of you guys who
don't know that are in the LA area or
who are familiar with the LA area
Franken sun is a swap meat that is
basically like ComicCon 247 it's only
available on Wednesdays I think they're
open Wednesdays Saturdays and Sundays
but when you go all the booths are like
old retro games trading cards all this
kind of stuff I brought a bunch of One
Piece trading cards that I did not want
I had a bunch of One Piece trading cards
I kept obviously all the artwork ones
that I really like but a bunch of the
cards that like are going for a lot of
money cuz I don't play the game I
brought to Frank andon and I traded them
in with one of the boosts that was there
what I got from this massive amount of
trade-ins you're not going to believe
this this is a factory
sealed inbox
copy of Pokemon XD Gale of Darkness
Factory sealed
bro Factory
sealed and it was all thanks to trading
up a bunch of One Piece trading cards
that I didn't care about I said here you
want some one piece cards and people
were freaking out like some of those
cards were worth like 60 70 bucks so
when I traded in credit for that I think
this what was yeah this was $500 if you
were to buy it this this would be $500 I
had $500 wor of One Piece cards that I
just traded and I got this super duper
lucky
inbox fully Factory
sealed and the thing is I've told this
story on stream before cuz this was
recent this was like two weeks ago cuz I
went I went to Franken Sun for my
birthday so this was like when I went
for my
birthday I've told the story on stream
before that Shadow of the Colossus and
Pokemon XD I missed both of those games
growing up one because I didn't have a
PS2 I didn't own a PS2 and two I just
never got Pokemon XD at the time I think
I had just gotten the DS and so my
parents Wen going to buy it for me and
again I was like struggling with my math
classes and so my parents were like no
Pokemon for you so I never had the
chance to actually own this so I played
a lot of it back in Target like at the
demo kiosks where I like would read I
would religiously be reading the players
guides and like going through
information and I wanted nothing more
than to own this game so now at 35
excuse me man I got the hiccups I got to
get some water in a
second now at age
35 I finally own a copy Factory sealed
Pokemon XD Gale of Darkness man in I
should really stream this I feel like
maybe when there's a little bit of
downtime I might stream Pokemon
XD cuz I have my original Wii and I have
the setup where I could stream my Wii no
problem I feel like that'd probably be a
fun game to
stream and I don't know when I would
stream it though because we are getting
a Pokemon game this year I almost always
do a Pokemon playthrough every year this
year I'm obviously going to do a
playthrough of Legend
Za maybe if there's a little bit of
downtime like late summer it might be
kind of a fun game to stream plays
Pokemon XD
yeah don't open it I'm not going to open
it I'm not going to open it I have
plenty of friends that are here in La
that own the game that I could easily
just borrow the game from no worry the
game is fire you'll end up getting more
views on a playthrough than Za
really I don't know about all
that maybe we'll end up getting GameCube
NSO today maybe we'll get GameCube NSO
and maybe we'll get uh Pokemon XD on it
do you have anything else Factory sealed
uh
I don't think I do I play my games you
know like I
don't normally I just have that one
because it means a lot to me but like I
I play my games hey Herms in here saying
I hope we get a new sron kagura we're
getting to it we are absolutely getting
to C on kagura we're still on the bees
of this list I told you guys this was
going to take a long time I got to put
my glasses back on too all right so here
we go here we go here we go I would
definitely watch you play XD all right
we'll do that man I got a lot of friends
in chat today this is awesome thanks for
coming through benron bakra well look we
got
Bakugan oh we got oh here's one I
definitely have to put on the list hold
on of course Bal and Wonder World of
course one of the best video games of
all time I'm moving this up to top one
there you go Bell and Wonder World there
we go number
one yo thank you by the way Thundurus
thunderus Rider coming through oh hold
on wait I'm going to move uh the alert
box up here too so I can actually see it
when we're doing stuff there we go thank
you very much s finally caught a stream
what's going on welcome Thundurus we are
currently waiting we have three and a
half hours left until the big Nintendo
switch 2 direct we are currently ranking
every single switch game ever made and
I'm building a list of my top 25 best
switch games of all time that's what
we're doing wisdom's in here too yo we
got wisdom we got Tetris we got Herm we
got got Josh we got Kieran we got
everybody bro lots of people coming
through to the stream this is amazing
man zeep was in here earlier too
incredible Ricky Ricky's in here too
Ricky's coming in for the top 25 Ricky's
in here too we got
everybody man oh man oh man okay anyway
Baku we did that cool Bell and Wonder
World obviously this is a troll this
game is absolutely atrocious I'm taking
this game off here I got to shift
everything up now but here we go batt
and Wonder World Is A a mess an absolute
mess an Infamous mess all right balers
gate one and two again that's ort not
going to put that on here uh Banner Saga
Trilogy bass bass pro shop the strike
Championship
Edition I love Zebco fishing for the
Game Boy Color did you guys ever play
Zebco fishing I think that's the only
Standalone fishing game I've ever owned
was Zebco fishing I don't think I've
ever owned another one sorry B pro shop
also yo right on I'm seeing someone
saying watching from South Africa right
now yo let's go welcome welcome welcome
welcome um all right so Baku let's see
baiton kaidos I actually I literally
forgot that this game is on switch I
also forgot the Arkham Trilogy is on
switch man switch really does have
everything uh Bon kaidos I want to go
back and play at some point but again at
this point I don't know when when I'm
get a chance to do that you just got
100% completion in Xeno Blade X after
108 hours woo I'm 40 hours and I just
hit I think I just hit Level 45 actually
when I showed my little update on my
stream about the 40 hour mark I'm at
like chapter nine so I got a while
before I'm there all right Batman again
Arkham Trilogy great games but it's not
really a switch game I'm not going to
put it on this list battlechasers Night
War okay battle worlds Battlefield Waltz
what is
this Battlefield
Waltz love blooms on the
battlefield previously released in Japan
on PSVita in 2014 Western fans can
finally experience this Hidden otome Gem
I got to mark this one down for Reagan
Battlefield Waltz man girl is
cute all right Bayonetta one and two I
talked about this n three same situation
none of the Bayonetta are making it for
me unfortunately because of my aversion
to the action games also I'm going to
turn my light on a little hold on give
me one sec I'm going to turn this up a
little
bit there we go camera was just looking
a little dark all right here we go here
we go bayetta 3 also is the only one
that would be eligible cuz bayetta 3 is
the only one that's like made for switch
but the thing is again Bayonetta 3 even
based off what little I thought the
reveal trailer for Bayonetta 3 was super
duper hype super hype but and I was Wick
willing to give another shot but after
everything I heard about band out of 3 I
was like I'm kind of okay that I passed
on it I do want to try Origins at some
point though this is the one that's like
the top down game
right I do want to try that beast quest
Ben 10 not making it bendy a bendy think
machine is good but it's not making how
the heck is beyond good and evil two
even on this list that game does not
exist that should not be listed on
here beyond the steel Sky it's a final
fantasy
thing okay we got bbby bloxburg big
broom race
three okay Big Brain Academy brain
versus brain I actually did have fun
with that game but wouldn't be a top 25
wouldn't even be top 50 to be honest for
me big Rumble boxing Creed Champions
okay big Bobby Carr The Big Race some of
these names are just
ridiculous biomutant bi oh Bioshock The
Collection was incredible dude replaying
BioShock 2 on my switch was a great
experience it's me Augustus Sinclair
Squire it's a little bit like a what's
the what's the line Ricky I know Ricky's
in chat what's the thing that Augustus
Sinclair says what's the line he
says it's a I I feel like she's a little
bit like a hooker trying to find a
Wooden Nickel so what's that line that's
the line right that's what Augustus
Sinclair says dude I love Bioshock too
man I would actually say that hot take
super duper duper hot take
BioShock 2 is my favorite BioShock game
and I would actually say it goes
BioShock 2 Bioshock one BioShock
Infinite I feel BioShock Infinite has
not aged super well I feel like that
game has not aged super well and I
recently went back and played it in fact
I played it right when it first came out
when the Bioshock collection came out
for switch I got like a review code for
it or something and I I dinged it cuz it
was during Co I was like I wasn't doing
anything else and so I played through
all the Bioshock games also again
incredible that we have a th000 people
watching at 2:30 in the morning I can't
even imagine what the viewership numbers
are going to be like once the stream
actually starts and the direct happens
man oh man shout out to all of you who
are here right now incredible um yeah
but I I was underwhelmed by BioShock
Infinite if I'm being honest I was a
little underwhelmed by it going back and
replaying it whereas obviously there's
still moments that really good whereas
Bioshock 1 and BioShock 2 still totally
Peak what coffee are you drinking I'm
not drinking any I'm literally drinking
water right now look at this and I'm
running low I got to fill my water up my
little YouTube Hydro
Flask I I probably should make coffee at
some point to well actually though I
feel like I'm I'm running out of high of
like getting excited for switch 2 so I
feel like I actually don't even really
want coffee I think I'm probably going
to have coffee after the direct is over
and I'm like editing everything and
uploading the videos before Japan time
cuz that chunk I think the hardest time
for me that chunk of time from like 8:00
a.m. after the stream is over till like
12 when we're doing Japan time is going
to be rough where I'm like editing
things so that I'm going to be down in
some coffee for but otherwise I'm I'm
feeling good anyway Bioshock collection
great love playing the games on switch
but they're not switch games they're not
like made for switch games so I'm not
going to include them uh black sad Under
the Skin okay never played that one
blade assault blade strangers bladed
Fury blaze blue Central fiction I have
this very good Blaze Blue Cross tag
battle I only have this one blazing
strike blood bll 3 Blood Stained ritual
of the night super fun super fun game
wouldn't be top 25 for me but fun game
blue reflection second light bro a lot
of good atom games I'm finding out about
today Borderlands games I'm going to
pass Bounty battle Bluey Bluey the video
game any parents out there you know blue
is a great show to watch with your kids
probably not putting that game on my
list though also you said blue
reflection is lit what is the game
about back to school days have never
been this weird it's a mystery
game
oh a story that depicts the Youth of
lifelike girls based on a theme of human
identity and bonning a new title in blue
reflection is here command style battle
oh it's a battle game command style
battles make your very own school with
school
developments create a pool or a takoyaki
stand communicate with the girls in a
wide variety of ways and go on dates it
seems like this would actually be kind
of
fun it seems like this would be a fun
game actually oh they've got bangs
though pass never mind all right out of
here let's go page
three it was a hashtag free product for
me really they sent you a copy that's
cool I had my G my uh my kids play Bluey
on Game Pass that's awesome all right
let's keep going let's keep going all
right here we go Bramble the Mountain
King Bravely Default 2 O I'm going to
make some people
mad I'm gonna make some people mad
here I don't as much as I love team
asano you guys know triangle strategy
one of my favorite video games of all
time love triangle strategy octopath
traveler 1 and two Perfection love them
all I do not like Bravely Default I've
never liked Bravely Default I didn't
like Bravely Default one I don't like
Bravely Default 2 I tried it played like
the first hour on stream thought it was
okay I don't know what it is they don't
click with me in the same way that the
other team asano games do which is a
shame because I feel like of the other
asano games I think the one that's most
likely to get a followup sooner rather
than later is probably Bravely Default 3
I feel like Bravely Default 3 is almost
an
inevitability but I really just want
triangle strategy too man so anyway it's
not making my list Broken Sword Bubble
Bobble Bubble Bobble four friends I
didn't even know there was a Bubble
Bobble on switch that's kind of
cool is this like a
port oh know it's like a no it's a new
Bubble Bobble game and it has the
original Bubble Bobble that's kind of
cool I might check that out later not
making my list
though another Bubble Bobble Bubble
Bobble four The Baron's back Bubsy paws
on fire of course that's Peak buddy
Mission bond this is the game with the
guy that is the um artist for one punch
man did all the art for it and it's like
a visual novel game that came out 2021
only came out in Japan I've never played
it I've always wanted to play it I
always hoped that it was going to get a
localization it didn't end up getting
one very cool game would love to see
this game localized but because I never
played it I'm not putting it on my list
hope you're not too tired right now I'm
feeling great dude I'm not tired at all
I'm feeling great burger Time party okay
oh man take me down to the paradise city
where the grass is green and the girls
are pretty oh won't you please take me
home I love Burnout Paradise but because
the game is not a switch game this is
just remastered I'm not going to put it
on here but God do I love Burnout
Paradise man if this was like an Xbox
360 list number one that'd probably be
like my number one 360 game I love
Burnout Paradise such a good game such a
good game Busta fellows okay Cabella the
hunt kerus Blaze call of cthulu Capcom
fighting collections all great games of
course Captain Toad treasure Tracker not
only is it a Wii U game that was ported
to switch but also like wouldn't be a
top 25 for me but it's cute I like
Captain Toad Captain subasa kmen San
Diego carnival games Cars 3 wasn't this
like a launch game or it came out like
near launch yeah June 2017
okay Cartoon Network battle Crashers Cat
Quest you know I never played The Cat
Quest games but I've heard these games
are actually really really really good
um and I think I would really like them
but again I haven't played them didn't
expect to hear Guns and Roses in a
Rogers BAS
stream I'm sure people didn't expect a
lot of stuff to have been in this stream
already today but we're having a good
time um Katherine full body I've never
actually played Katherine that's like
one of those weird Atlas games that I
missed Cave Story plus I love Cave Story
but again I don't really think it's
eligible for this list it's not like a
full remaster it's just like a port
chair and staircase chicken right
chicken range oh wow okay Peak Peak
gaming Chocobo GP very cute Mario Kart
clone but I didn't like the Pay to Win
aspect of it where like you have to pay
to get Cloud that was stupid circuit
Superstars Clive and wrench close to the
Sun Cloud PK close to the Sun I actually
played this
one I don't really remember anything
about it but I definitely played this
one it was like trying to be like
Bioshock is what I
remember yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah I did play this
one I think I actually had I think I had
at one point a special edition of this
game this is the if I'm remembering
close to the Sun this is the one with
like with Tesla in it with Nicola Tesla
work hey thank you by the way to
Thundurus coming through with the Super
Chat saying Roger what's your all-time
favorite game for any console Super
Smash BRS ultimate spoiler for the list
a little bit later Super Smash BRS
ultimate though Super Metroid is my
favorite overall Super Smash Bros
ultimate is my favorite on this list
yeah I would say my top three games of
all time are super Chrono Trigger and
Super Smash BRS ultimate yeah those
would be my top three is pillow Sama
ready you already know pingui pillow s's
right over here of course all right
let's
see Cloud Punk oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
oh oh oh we got a good one we got a good
one we got a good one
chat we got a good one unironically
Clubhouse games is fire I have spent
probably
120 hours in Clubhouse games I spent a
lot of hours in Clubhouse games mostly
playing Hana Fooda I love that I love
that version of the game that's like one
of my favorite travel games I also just
love the game in general I love the
menus with the little globe with the
little characters it's a perfect stream
game that's what they got to announce
you know what they got to announced for
switch 2 today they got to do Clubhouse
games 52 worldwide Classics for switch 2
have it a launch game I'm
there yeah but I'm here Clubhouse games
51 worldwide Classics in fact this is
going super high on my list this is
going above bakadu it's going above
another code it's going above Advance
Wars I I don't think it's not arms I
can't I can't put it above arms I can't
put it above
arms I can't I can put it above Advanced
Wars though as much as I like Advance
Wars 1 plus 2 I think I'm going to put
it at three for now this looks good for
now but this is definitely on my list I
would not be shocked if this stays in
top 25 all right COBRA they made a cobra
Kai game COBRA they made two Cobra Kai
games okay Cobra Kai and Cobra Kai 2
they're not going to be on my list code
of Princess ex I've wanted to try this
never played it code realize is this
another ome
game visual novel briming with Adventure
vict Victor Frankenstein interesting
never played it oh this next One callar
X malice unlimited for those of you that
know don't know Kar X malice this is an
ome game that Reagan loved she loved
loved loved this game love this game and
it's actually a pretty interesting
visual novel the characters are
interesting in this one I didn't play it
so it's not going to be on my list but
shout out to ker X melis all the girlies
out there I see you
playing cerx malice I appreciate you
guys you're the best all my Otto girlies
all right here we go collection of Mana
cool but again I probably wouldn't put
on my list Commandos connect tank Contra
I don't think I ever played either of
these contras Conway Cooking Mama
cookstar oh bro do you remember when
this game first came
out how abysmal this game was I remember
how excited chofu was to play this game
on stream and the game just did not work
bro horrible absolutely positively
horrible and I like cooking mama but
this
version not
good corke keeper cotton cotton Guardian
what is it oh like 100% cotton like the
shoot them up I didn't even know those
games were on switch I played them on
Playstation crash Trilogy crash Nitro
fueled keep crash out of here cricket
cricket 19 and Cricket 22 wow okay crime
oock Chris Tales Crisis Core of course I
love crisis score but not a not a switch
game wouldn't put on my list Cruis and
blast kind of cool cry Machina cry
Machina okay and yes the switch can
indeed run crisis but crisis is not
making my list all right we're moving on
to page four thank you by the way to s
coming through with the Super Chat and
again shout out to the thousand people
watching at 2:30 in the morning insane
SRI you say Roger what is your dream
announcement today Super Smash Brothers
of course dream announcement actually
that's not true I'll give you I'll give
you three right now I'll give you three
I'll give you three dream announcements
these are not predictions these are
dream announcements one brand new Smash
Brothers game built from the ground up
reboot of the franchise not ultimate
Deluxe brand new Smash Brothers
completely built from the ground up new
Smash Brothers I will scream my voice
will be shut this pillow will be
absolutely destroyed my shelves behind
me will be
destroyed things things will be broken
if a new Smash Brothers gets announc
things will be
broken I will cry live on stream I will
cry I will weep if Chrono Trigger HD 2D
gets
announced if we get because obviously
it's the anniversary year for Chrono
Trigger and for Final Fantasy 9 Final
Fantasy 9 remake would be super hype I
would love to see it
Chrono Trigger would make me cry I would
cry Chrono Trigger HD 2D if that was cuz
again you got to remember that first
switch one presentation had octopath
traveler that's where the debut of HD 2D
happened which obviously became such an
important part of the switch's life
cycle you know so many of my favorite
games on the switch ended up being HD 2D
games if they do HD 2D Chrono Trigger
for switch 2 for the anniversary year
I'd cry I would cry live on
stream and then okay chrona trigger HD
2D you're talking dream games total
dream games Chrono Trigger HD
2D new Smash
BRS a new banjo kazui banjo
3E Microsoft says we're going to give
you the IP Nintendo go go crazy and they
make banjo 3E that's what I want yeah
banjo 3E do I have a girlfriend yes I do
a girlfriend of eight years yes who is
in the other room sleeping right now
with our dog yes I do have a
girlfriend yo beatdowns in here too
herm's in here and beatdowns in here
what's up Beatdown what's up Beatdown
showu the Beatdown made it in welcome
welcome welcome nice to see you in here
yeah a banjo game I mean I would I would
SOB uncontrollably I would sub on stream
if we got banjo yeah those would be my
three dream games banjo 3E
I would say Chona trigger HD
2D new Smash Brothers those would be the
three but there's a lot of other stuff
that could excite me I mean like
triangle strategy 2 the new 3D Mario is
going to be hype whatever it ends up
looking like is going to be hype the new
Mario Kart I'm super stoked for uh new
Animal Crossing would make me lose my
mind Star Fox would make me lose my mind
kidicarus would make me lose my mind um
I mean there's a lot of stuff I feel
like there's a lot fuman show by the way
Super Chat and said glad to see I'm not
the only one who can't sleep nice to see
you burn in the Midnight Oil stay hype
my friend I cannot wait to see your
reactions thank you fuman show oh Fire
Emblem of course Ace Attorney fzero you
guys are naming a bunch of my dream
games right now Mario Paint would be
hype Professor Leighton would be hype
yeah yeah yeah yeah I mean again there's
going to be there's I know full well
there's going to be something in this
that makes me lose it of course of
course I'm going to go crazy all right
Pikmin five oh Pikmin five would
Pikmin 5 would be insane all
right let's see uh where did I leave off
chry star Crystal crisis cruisine ear
Cruise of the sea rats what is this sea
rats I'm going to pass on that one uh
Damon X Machina I remember when that was
a huge deal during one of the early
directs uh dongan Roa cool Darius Darius
Dark Souls remastered love Dark Souls SS
of course but wouldn't put it on this
list Darksiders okay I never actually
played any of the Darksiders
game DC Superheroes did weren't they
like hyping this one up on one of the
directs at one point because it's
published by
Nintendo Justice League The Blob love
that game on Wii wouldn't put it on my
switch list though but love those games
on on
Wii dead by daylight hard pass you guys
watched me play that on my Halloween
stream and I almost peed myself so I'm
good hard pass on that dead cells ooh
ooh o o ooh o
ooh dead cells is really really
good what I put it above
Baku
I I I don't think I would put it above
anything I currently have listed but I
do think it is it's quality
deserves a spot on this
list dead cells there you go I'm putting
it there I'm putting it there yeah dead
cells okay here we
go dead or alive Extreme 3
[Music]
Scarlet I don't think so I like the idea
I like the idea of dead of alive beach
volleyball games but I'm probably not
going to put it on my list dead or
School Deadly Premonition death n death
Mark death Smiles Deca police demon skin
Demon Slayer this Demon Slayer game is
actually really fun both of these
actually are the Mario Party one is fun
and the fighting game is fun obviously
they're not going on a top 25 but
they're good they're both good games
also uh that's weird they didn't have
cuphead on
here cuz I would probably put I would
definitely put cuphead on here in fact
I'm definitely putting cuphead on here
cuz I played cuphead for the first time
on PC but again it's still other this
generation so I think it's safe to put
on here I'm putting cuphead cuphead's
like skyrocketing cuphead's number two I
love cuphead I love cuphead you guys saw
me play that during my 400k stream you
guys also know how much I loved the in
fact I think cuphead definitely deserves
to be here because of delicious last
course because the delicious last course
DLC is amazing and I streamed the
entirety of that on my switch I don't
know why it missed this list though I
don't know why it wasn't listed on here
but cuphead for sure yeah cup no I don't
have any more codes I gave the rest of
the codes to the Nintendo dance I have
no more uh no more codes but cuphead is
definitely up here yeah it's a delicious
last course it's the delicious last
course delicious last course and of
course cuphead is like one of my
favorite alltime French
oh I just thought of a thing I thought
of a thing I thought of a dream game
what is if what hear me
out what if the reason why we haven't
heard from Studio mdhr in 3 years is
because their next game is going to be
showcased in this direct and it's either
cuphead 2 or it's a totally new IP or a
remake of Zelda
2
bro if Studio I didn't even consider
that until literally we were talking
about cuphead if Studio mdhr
shows up in this
direct all my neighbors are going to be
awakened all of
them the rumbling will begin the wall
Maria wall Cena and wall Rose will fall
to the ground and I will scream
oh it's going to
happen it's going to happen I'm not
going to wake up regular Obby don't
worry they're used to me screaming it's
okay it's okay all
right yeah if we get a studio mdhr game
it's over bro it's over for me it's
going to happen all
right uh demon Turf D should to go
that's like the train game okay deponia
Derby stallion
descenders descent despara drops Destiny
connect Destroy All Humans that's
actually a cute game I like Destroy All
Humans but I wouldn't put it on here
detective Pikachu returns I actually you
know what surprisingly did not play it
did not play
it uh one wanted to came out at a weird
time never played it I love the first
detective Pikachu but I also don't think
detective Pikachu would make a top 25
list for me but cute game Diablo okay on
switch Devil's hunt Digimon Digimon
survive is
excellent probably wouldn't put on my
list but it is an excellent game I can
acknowledge these Digimon games are
great super excited for the new one
coming
out love the Digimon games but they're
not going to be on my
list disaster report for summer memories
will not be on my list the 1 through 7
will not be on my
list hey peso Pete's in here too bro
everybody's in here peso welcome bro
this is crazy it's almost 3 a how is it
how is it that it's 3:00 a.m. and we
have 1,100 people in here in this live
chat it's 3:00 a.m. all of you are Deens
like me staying up all night long to see
the switch to welcome peso you're in
good company thank you by the way to
kayin becoming a member nak thank you
kayin thank you thank you thank you
appreciate that for everyone who's just
joining we're doing the top 25 best
switch games of all time going in
alphabetical order we're only on page
four we've been doing this for an hour
we got to make our way through
this Disney Classics the Latin and Lion
King great games obviously wouldn't be
in
contention disne Epic Mickey again I'm
in that game told that story before it
is what it is wouldn't put it on my list
Disney illusion Island Disney Magical
World Disney Tsum Tsum Festival all
passing um I want to play illusion
Island at some point and I also want to
play magical world at some point but I
don't know when I'm ever going to get a
chance I feel like at this point I don't
think I will Tsum Tsum Festival is cute
though because of the Tsum Tsum switch
all right dnf duel dodan Pachi da Ojo
Blissful death reincarnation no dokapon
Kingdom oh doy doie literature
club I'm putting it on
here I'm putting it on
here no spoilers for people who haven't
played it I'm putting it on I'm I'm
putting it above dead cells and
Baku I'm putting it above another code
as well doie DOI literature literature
Club I played it for the first time on
switch so I consider it a switch game in
the same way I kind of consider cuphead
a switch game it's Peak bro doky doie
that is a good game that is a shocking
good game doky doi's up there also whoa
what the heck we're getting a bunch of
super chats thank you um pewing just
said thank you uh because some of us are
watching from Europe so all the European
viewers are coming in right now I saw
someone say earlier they're watching
from Ireland that's awesome love to see
that and also we got Carlos super
chatting as well saying uh Roger it's my
birthday today I'm hoping for a new
f-zero bro you are getting the best
birthday present you're getting a switch
to direct for your birthday happy
birthday nak Carlos happy birthday to
you all right let's see what's next oh
hold on I got to pause this real quick I
gotta pause my music real quick I got to
show you guys the greatest thing in all
of existence
we're coming over here this is the
greatest thing in all of
existence should be under my likes
should be under my
likes let's see where is it hype is
Real where is it go down my likes where
is
it did I book oh oh here it is here it
is here it
is wait wait wait wait wait hold on wait
I can't believe this is a real thing I
can't believe that I Rogers base this
video is sponsored by nint am actually
in the same what are you playing right
now progr as the rler Country Returns HD
what for the Nintendo switch Yeah it's
so fun we got to help doggy Kong Dy Kong
so
love the wrestler always makes me laugh
but this watch his hands recover their
precious banana hord from the villainous
TIY Tac tribe TIY tribe yeah sounds
dangerous dude what is he doing player I
can he's not even playing the game right
there don't don't they have co-op they
do yeah oh yeah they I can play with
you
what Daddy did you know that there's 80
Dynamic platform level this kid's
nailing it too I hope I hope to God I
see the rizzler at one of these switch
two events if I see the rizzler and the
Costco guys they're doing an intro for
one of my videos guaranteed bro
I got to see the rizzler and the Costco
guys I love these guys Secret Surprise I
just like the way they say the TIY Tac
tribe a banana Galore Secrets surprises
and's
Galore oh wow it's an HD for the
Nintendo switch her said this switch
gets five booms well that's we're going
to show you that in a little bit you'll
see you'll see that was hard I won you
cleared it clear see more details about
Donkey Kong Country Returns HD on
nintendo.com you're killing it buddy
that's my Nintendo partner right there
you're killing it buddy good work
rizzler again I left a like on that one
it was great I'm looking though hold on
let me look up Costco guys because they
just did one for Donkey Kong as well
hold on Costco guys Donkey Kong
Country we here this this this is insane
I saw this on my feed last night I was
like I can't can't believe this is a
real thing watch this just like the
rizzler is a Nintendo partner now the
Costco guys are too watch
thisy back we bring
the and they on attack we bring
the
[Music]
donke that line right there this
bit that goes hard that's a that's a
good line
getting those bananas back from the
Ticky tag tribe we bring the boom bro
fire how could you hate the Costco guys
I I can't not me I could
[Music]
never playing to a FF
degree levels yeah there's so stop it
smashing raing rockets and so much more
original Mod with Nintendo switch
unleash Donkey Kong ground pounds and
barel Donkey Kong Country Returns HD go
boom like a bomb you got
toint that's fire that's fire how I you
have to respect
that the the the slide in of you can see
this game now on nintendo.com
impeccable
incredible Rogers base could never that
I mean perfect there's that's so good
[Music]
and if they rhymed it with
bomb we bring the Donkey Kong and TIY
Kong back we bring
the and they're on the attack we
bring donke
K Banas back from
theck fire fire bro I mean it's all I
can say anyway the reason we the reason
I pulled up the rizzler and the Costco
guys is because we were doing the top 25
switch games of all time list and next
up on the list is of course Donkey Kong
Country Returns HD and Donkey Kong
Country Tropical Freeze now I love
Donkey Kong Country Returns HD I beat
the whole thing loved it streamed a
bunch of it on my 400k stream played a
bunch more off camera absolutely loved
it but again that game is a Wii game and
and Tropical Freeze is a Wii U game so
I'm leaving both of those off hopefully
hopefully today in some capacity during
the switch to direct we see a new Donkey
Kong game right and then I'll do a
collab with the Costco guys and we'll do
a Donkey Kong rap and we'll bring the
boom that's it confirm lanky Kong dude
make a new Donkey Kong game Donkey Kong
3D platformer game make lanky Kong the
main character make it lanky and funky
and I'll do a whole bar about like I
used to be lanky but then I got the
switch and then I got funky and now I'm
SW I don't know I'll come up with
something and we'll do it and I'll work
with them that'll be great future collab
that that collab would go so hard if
Costco guys X Rogers base
collab insane I got to make it happen I
gotta make it happen Donkey Kong's big
boom Adventure hold on a minute that's a
good that's a good
name Donkey Kong's big boom Adventure I
love it but again Donkey Kong is not
making the list neither is Doom Doom's
great but it's not making the list doors
of insanity Dorimon these games are
great these dyon story of Seasons games
um they're super super good super
well-made games uh but I can't put them
top 25 but they're great games Double
Dragon collection brain training dragon
o now Dragon Ball
Fighters I played for the first time on
switch and I consider it a switch
game came out a year after on switch but
it's not like a remaster of an old
system or a remake it is the original
game I'm considering it a switch
game I'm I'm putting it on here I'm
putting Dragon Ball Fighters I'm putting
it on here putting it above dead cells
putting it above Baku putting it above
another code putting it above doky
DOI putting it above Advance Wars but
it's no Clubhouse games that's where I'm
putting it that's where I'm putting it
that's where I'm putting it right now
it's sitting it's sitting comfortably at
five currently that's where it's
sitting got Xenoverse games on here the
Dragon Quest collection a lot of Dragon
Quest games Dragon Quest Builders Dragon
Quest Builders 2 both cool games Dragon
Quest
Heroes
ooh Dragon Quest obviously one and two
haven't come out yet but three HD
actually we're gonna get a bunch of
Dragon Quest things in here 3 HD 2D
remake I would consider a new game I
would consider it a totally new game it
is a port I'm not a Dragon Ball fan
Rogers base a week ago I'm not a Dragon
Ball anime fan the games are great Ricky
can attested this we played plenty of
Dragon Ball Z buai ten kai3 when we were
in college loved that game also I'm
going to turn the bubbl Lan music back
on again it's a way of background
music there you go let me know if it's
too loud or too quiet we could adjust
that but yeah love that game love that
game dragon I'm GNA I'm considering
Dragon Quest because it's my list and
what do I care I'm going to I'm going to
consider the HD 2D remake its own game
Dragon Quest
3 HD
2D remake cuz realistically it's going
to come down to putting Dragon Quest 3hd
2D on here or Dragon Quest 11 echo of
elusive age Definitive
Edition it's one of the two that I would
put in my top 25 I would probably put
three HD
2D I'd probably put three I'd put it
above dead cells I'd put above
Baku I'd put it above another
code not going to put it above doky DOI
I'm going to put it right there for
now oh Dragon Marked for Death is
actually fire you know I saw Beatdown in
the chat earlier I saw beat down in the
chat earlier talking about Dragon Mark
um Mark for death when that game first
came out you were like no life in that
game Beatdown also Roger you've been
live for like 3 hours I told you we were
going to fly man we had stuff we were
doing on this stream people were like
there's no way he's going to make to
6:00 a.m. I'm like of course I am of
course also I'm trying to only put when
I can help it I'm trying to only put one
game from each franchise on here I don't
want to put a ton of different games
from a bunch of different
franchises like I think there's probably
going to be a couple Pokemon there's
probably going to be a couple
Zelda but I think for Dragon Quest
that's the one I'm going to put on I'm
going to put Dragon Quest on DreamWorks
Allstar Racing I didn't even know there
was a Shrek cart racer there's a bunch
of DreamWorks games what the heck
DreamWork Spirit lucky big adventure
DreamWork Dragon Legend of the nine
worms DreamWork Dragon dawn of New
Riders DreamWork All-Star Racing none of
them dust diver dust diver 2 Dying Light
Dynasty Warriors EA Sports you just pass
all those elements edge of fraternity
Ember Meo The Smiling man famicom
detective Club here we go there we go
you guys already know how I feel about
this game this one of my 10 favorite
games last year love this
game love this
game love love love love love this game
love
it this is skyrocketing
up it's above DBZ it's above Advanced
Wars it's above dokidoki it's above
Dragon Quest another their code bako
dead cells cool cool cool cool we are
smoing man we're only in we're in E
currently we have so many games we still
got to get through we're PID five all
right let's start flying through some of
these ESP Endless Ocean Empire of sin
eternitees everybody one to switch one
of the worst games Nintendo's ever
published ever forward Evil Dead Exodus
Expeditions fabl Dum fa Farm fairy
fencer fairy tale fairy tale 2 Fallen
Legion fantasian we're passing all these
out of here page six fantasy life this
is the new one that's coming out
obviously it's not out yet so I can't
rank this one phagia Farming Simulator
lot of there's four different Farming
Simulator games on switch 2023 kids and
switch Edition all right fashion dreamer
all right fashion the
Furious fate exella a lot of fake games
there's four different fake games wow
lots of FIFA games passing all the FIFA
games no fimble no European truck
racing oh boy
boy okay this is like my section right
here we got Final Fantasy and we've got
Fire Emblem
now I love the pixel remaster of Final
Fantasy 6 I think it's incredible
however
however I don't think it's different
enough for me to justify putting it on
here the same way I did Dragon Quest 3
so I'm not going to put it on here
zodiac age 10 and 102 same thing I own
all of these games I love all of these
games but I don't think it's fair to put
them on
here fire emblem on the other hand we
have engage Warriors Three hopes three
houses I
loved loved Fire Emblem Warriors the
original loved that game I dropped three
hopes like a sack of potatoes I don't
know why it didn't click with me I did
not enjoy three hopes
I didn't enjoy it I thought it was like
a little too grindy didn't have the same
flow of Warriors wasn't about it but I
love fire bem Warriors to the point
where I think I'm making an exception I
think I'm putting the first Fire Emblem
warriors on
here and I'm putting them all the way
above another code
and you already know this I'm turning
the music off for this because I have to
pull this up it's not a I can't talk
about Fire Emblem without this
song of course here we go here we go of
course
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
three houses it's better than dead cells
it's better than bck it's better than
another code it's better than fireman
Warriors it's better than Dragon Quest 3
h2d it's better than doky DOI literature
Club it's better than Advanced Wars plus
2 it's better than Dragon Ball Fighters
it's better than Meo it's better than
clous games it's better than arms it's
better than cuphead it's better than
Animal
Crossing this is my current number one
this is my number one right now this is
my number one
[Music]
[Music]
it's PE it's Peak I hope and pray hope
and pray that the next Fire Emblem takes
after three houses and not engage I
think engage I liked engage okay nothing
against engage I have friends who are
voices and engage I like engage
I do but engage the game playay was
really good everything else around it
was terrible terrible absolutely
terrible the fact that you can't Romance
the characters terrible you can only
give the ring to one person you can't
hook up everybody else terrible terrible
terrible terrible terrible terrible
bring back three houses bring back the
romance that's what I like about
Awakening that's what I loved about
Fates that's what I like about three
hous
they got to bring that back but engage
keep the gameplay style of engage cuz
the gameplay of engage I think is
actually probably better than three
houses it is the actual core
gameplay but everything else around that
game three houses is Just Nails it it's
so good so good engage made me sad
because we couldn't make babies exactly
what are you what are they doing yeah
three houses it's my number one I it's
close between three houses and Animal
Crossing is very close I feel like
everything from Meo upwards is probably
going to be my top 25 for this also good
morning Heidi welcome you're coming in
at 3:00 a.m. welcome welcome welcome
we're currently ranking every single
switch game ever made we are on the fs
right now we have a lot to go welcome
welcome
welcome there's no romance at three
houses though you could only give the
ring to one person to the game none no
no no no no no no no no that's the speed
readers talking that's the speed readers
because the dialogue in three houses the
shipping all the good all the good
support
conversations n no no no no way way
better in three houses way better not
even close yeah not even
close all right let's continue we got
firefighters the simulation three
different firefighters games and lots of
Fitness Boxing holy mackerel there's
five Fitness
boxingsocialist gal Guardians gal
Guardians Servants of the dark gal metal
gal gun gal gun returns double peace
good Lord all right game builder garage
actually unironically game builder
garage was super cool like I wouldn't I
wouldn't put it on like a top 25 switch
games list but I think what it did was
awesome I love the fact that like it's
teaching kids how to code and how to
make video games I think that's very
cool I love that also uh yeah they
missed maybe it's cuz of the dash but
they missed f99 that's ridiculous I'm
going to add F 099 myself that is a top
that's right up there that's number five
I can't believe they didn't put f-zero
on this list why isn't f-zero on here
maybe because they're considering it
like an NSO thing and it's not actually
like a standalone game that is super
weird but yeah f99 is like I've said
this I don't even know how many times I
play it almost every day I think it
really did Revitalize the franchise and
I think there actually is a good chance
for like a real other f-zero game now
because of f-99 yeah I stand with Ro's B
that is not a j thank youm boys for life
thank you very much gri games came
through and said super effort starting
this early love the hype make sure to
order breakfast to keep your energy up I
already got breakfast over here I got
some yogurt I got some sausages I got
some eggs I'm chilling I'm good
absolutely good you still play f99
that's cool I love f99 yeah absolutely
positively love it it love it love it
love it love it love it also I think I
missed
um there was a super chat earlier from
kayin who said at work Rog and the Goat
Roger thank you very much Kaylin
appreciate that thank you thank you
thank this is crazy though we started
the stream at midnight we already have
on the VOD I'm seeing on the back end on
YouTube it says we already have 21,000
views on this stream and we've had a
regular viewership since midnight of
like a thousand people that's
insane insane we're still three hours
away from this direct wow okay anyway
let's continue where' I leave off the
gal gun games game builder garage right
ganu okay Garfield cart I'm sorry not
making it gear Club not making it jelly
break not making it gex Trilogy not
making it I'm sorry I know the Good
Vibes gaming guys love gex but gex ain't
making it ghost of a tale okay we're
making our way through ghost parade
Ghostbusters GI sisters gigantosaurus
the game Ginger giraffe Gloom haven oh
Glover my favorite hmk's favorite I hate
Glover uh Go Vacation God Eater God of
rock God Wars Goosebumps Gothic classic
Gothic 2 Grand Theft Auto trilogy
Definitive Edition Graven Greek Grim
grimoire grip guacamelee Guilty Gear
strive I actually is the Guilty Gear
strive switch Edition
good I was debating picking that up I
have strive on Steam but I was like
debating having a switch version I think
that'd be kind of cool
yeah also Kaden makes a great point the
list might only include physical games
which is why cuphead and f99 weren't on
here also yeah it's actually a
surprisingly well done Port I've heard
good
things I might have to check that one
out then guacamelee by the way is also
good on PSN I played it on there but I
didn't play it on switch so I'm not
going to put on switch uh Gundam Breaker
guns and Spurs Hammer watch Happy
Birthday hardcore Mecca all the Harvest
Moon games which while I love Harvest
Moon switch was not the strongest system
for Harvest Moon games I'll tell you
except for the fact that you could play
Harvest Moon 64 and the original Harvest
Moon on NSO in which case it's actually
a great system for Harvest Moon games
but you have to have switch on line
Harvest Stella you know I never tried
Harvest Stella and I always wanted to
try it never got a chance has been
Heroes Hasbro game night haunted house
Heaven machine Hello Kitty Cruisers
hello neighbor hello neighbor again
hellpoint heroland Hogwarts Legacy hoko
life holy potatoes horse tailes hot laap
racing Hot Wheels Hot Wheels Hotel
Transylvania none of these Hunter Hunter
n impact isn't even out yet but it's on
this list but I want to try it
but hyu Warriors age of
Calamity it's on my list absolutely
positively on my list Asia calamity I
think is probably my in fact I would put
it above fireemblem
Warriors I would in fact I would put it
above Dragon Quest doy DOI Advance
Wars yeah I'll put it there I think it
is the single best the single best
Warriors game ever made in my opinion it
runs pretty badly but for me as somebody
who doesn't really care about frame rate
didn't really matter I love love loved
my time with age of Calamity I never
ever 100% Warriors games never I 100% at
age of Calamity I think I near 100% at
Fire Emblem Warriors but I fully 100% at
all of age of Calamity all the DLC loved
the game in fact I'm even going to put
it above Dragon
Ball love love love love love age of
Calamity love it
yeah all right Definitive Edition what
watch out for AG Calamity on switch 2
though you know I bet that's actually a
game I could see them doing a switch 2
Edition for cuz it's probably going to
run way better on switch 2 than it did
on switch one it's a good call actually
yeah yeah and the frame rate didn't
bother me so I'm I'm putting it high up
there I love that game uh bunch of Ice
Age games okay Immortal Realms Immortal
Phoenix
Inazuma Eternal drift I actually Inazuma
11 apparently is quite good on switch um
but I've never played it oh oh no these
aren't even out yet wait a minute what
am I thinking of then we're oh was there
inuma 11 on
3DS am I thinking of 3DS ones I think
that's what I'm thinking of either way
not making my list that's fine um
inertial drift inescapable no rules
Inspector Gadget instant Sports Into the
Dead ion Fury is it wrong to pick up
girls in a dungeon maybe Pro yeah
probably I wouldn't do that Island
flight simulator it takes two little do
it takes two oh man I want to put it
takes two on here but I have not yet
played it but I know I'm going to love
it when I play it but I just haven't
played it yet um but that's why it's not
on here but I know that game is great
but I haven't played it yet uh little do
Jitsu Squad JoJo's Bizarre Adventure
jiujitsu kaisen Jumanji two Jumanji
games Okay jump challenge jump
Force lots of Just Dance games we could
skip through all those kale the kangaroo
Kaz kill the kill Killer Queen black is
quite a fun game
would not be top 25 King's Bounty
Kingdom Come Kingdom Hearts Melody and
memories
excellent wouldn't be top 25 Kings of
was Amer and then finally we're at Kirby
this is an easy one this is a super easy
one if I'm only putting one Kirby game
it's got to be forgotten
land this is flying up my
list I think it goes right above
Clubhouse
games it goes right above Clubhouse
games I can't put it above f99 for
me actually I think I'm going to move I
think I'm going to move arms down
one I'm standing on business I want to
put it above arms but I can't I love
arms too much I can't but forgotten land
is
probably I'm thinking Kirby 64 forgotten
land and Superstar are my top three
it's my favorite like oh do I like it
more than Kirby
64 it's close they're all neck and neck
but I love forgotten land nearly 100% of
that game too had a blast with it I
thought it was an excellent absolutely
excellent transition into
3D super duper impressive I'm not
including airide air ride in the
spin-offs like airide tilt and Tumble
and stuff I love those games but I'm not
including those in the list of the top
Kirby games also thank you by the way
thank you very much to wonder of you who
donated and said switch to Hype let's go
hopefully we can actually pick one up on
release day I hope so man thank you very
much for your Super Chat appreciate that
Wonder thank you thank you thank you
yeah I'm putting forgot at land at six
I'm putting forgotten at landed six all
right what's next Kara fables kenoa
knockout Home Fitness konosuba Kono dama
lost pets
kunio LA Noir lulana Labyrinth Labyrinth
ler lapis last fight laxad leighton's
mystery Journey catch reel and the
millionaires conspiracy this is the
better version of Lady Leighton but lady
Leighton is the weakest of any of the
Leighton games unfortunately I say that
as a Leighton fan I love all Leighton
games lady Leighton not quite it not
quite
it Legend of K anniversary Lego brawls
I was going to say his Legend AR is
coming up but probably not it's probably
once we get to
Pokemon oh my goodness look at these
Lego games brick Tales City Undercover
super Vilan Harry Potter Horizon
Jurassic world Marvel superheroes Marvel
Superheroes 2 and Skywalker Saga and
Incredibles and worlds and none of them
are on my list let's build a zoo let's
get fit let's sing okay a bunch of let's
sing games wow there are a lot of let's
sing games man oh man life is strange
Little Dragons Cafe Little Friends dogs
and cats very cute game wouldn't put it
on my list little nightmares is
excellent but probably wouldn't be on my
list ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh live
alive if I'm including Dragon Quest 3 HD
2D I can
probably I could probably allow live
Alive live alive is real good live alive
is real real real good
I'm going to put it on
here live alive I'm going to put above I
think it counts I think it counts live
Al live counts live or live counts live
or live
counts I like more than Dragon Quest 3
HD 2D to be
honest I like it more than doy DOI
literature Club do I like it more than
Advance
Wars yes do I like it more than Dragon
Ball no I don't like it more than Dragon
Ball Fighters that's actually Dragon
Ball Fighters is a good stop Gap at 10
right now that's actually a very good
stop Gap I'm looking at this right now
we're like halfway through now and it's
like Fire Emblem Animal Crossing cuphe
head f-zero arms Kirby Clubhouse games
Meo hro Warriors and Dragon Ball we
haven't even gotten the zeldas the
Pokemons and the xenoblades
yet but I feel like this is good I I'm
I'm so far this is a good list I'm very
happy with this list so far and we're
still making our way through okay Looney
Tunes Wacky World of Sports obviously
you guys remember I freaked out about
that game when it got announced um
because I love lol La bunny but
unfortunately I I it's not making the
list uh loop eight I haven't played that
but it looks cool summer of gods what is
this looks kind of
cool classic turn-based RPG
what this looks kind of good actually
wait a minute
got to mark that one down as something I
might be interested in Loop
eight okay lost helden lost sphere L
pretend Luigi's oh oh oh oh oh another
here's another easy one Luigi's Mansion
3 dude we streamed that entire game that
Halloween loved it absolutely loved it
this is flying up my
list I don't know if it's beaten live
alive
I don't know if it's beaten live live
for me I think
maybe I'm going to do it and see how I
feel actually you know what you know
what I think we found our new stop
Gap I just talked about how Dragon Ball
is actually a pretty good break but I
feel like I feel like Luigi's Mansion
three is actually a
good thing as a buffer for 10 cuz I love
that game that exceeded pretty much all
my
expectations I really really adored
Luigi's Mansion 3 and it's really
replayable as
well so I'm going to put Luigi's Mansion
3 I'm not putting it
above age of Calamity or Meo or
Clubhouse games but I'm I'm putting it
there at 10 I like that I like that I
like that all right lumo lumot
luner uh Machi Toro matross Matt rat
dead Maiden Abyss Madison magum Lord
made of scur Maneater mother Mario Luigi
brothership okay not happening Mario and
Sonic at the Tokyo Olympics great music
not putting it on here we have a lot of
Mario we're making like this list is
about to get shaken up by these Mario
games Mario and rabid Kingdom battle the
first
game I know people say the second game
is better they're wrong the first game
is significantly better especially with
the Donkey Kong
DLC I would put
this right below live
alive I think for me the second game the
pacing is good but I wasn't about the
weird like fanfic rabbits I would have
rather they just did like Wario and
Rosalina or something I Rosalina is
obviously in it spoiler alert but I feel
like if they don't like Wario and stuff
it would have been cool but Mario Mario
and Rabbit's Kingdom battle the first
game is like incredible really really
good so I'm putting that on there Mario
Golf super rush I actually really do
like Mario Golf I think that's a good
21 that's a good like Mike bumped off
the
list but I do love Mario Golf super rush
Mario Kart 8 Deluxe I think we can
count because of the fact that it had
all that DLC so I'm going to count it
I'm moving this up
[Music]
to I think that's going to be our new
buffer at actually no you know what I'm
putting that at 10 I'm putting that at
11 I'm putting 11 cuz again it's not
a no I'm stupid I love the DLC I'm
putting it at nine I'm putting it at
9ine I'm putting it at 9ine
yeah putting it at 9ine
okay uh Mario Kart live home
circuit super fun wouldn't put it to 25
Mario Party oh Mario oh oh duh Mario
Party
Jamber dude Super Mario Party jamere is
for sure on this
oh I guess that's not on here because
it's under s but
regardless I see Mario parties on here
I'm just doing Mario Party Stuff Mario
Party jamere is like yeah I would even
put it above
Meo
I what I don't know if I'd put it above
Clubhouse games but I'll put it above
Meo Mario Party jamere is like my
favorite Mario Party of all time of all
time love it absolutely love Mario party
jamere I want them to continue the
tradition of what they did with jeree
moving forward love it love it love it
all
right and then none of these other Mario
games are making it not Striker battle
League not tennis not Donkey Kong not
Marvel Alliance all right we're almost
halfway through Marvel versus Capcom
collection amazing but again it's a
collection the original game I love not
thinking of a switch game but like I
love mvc2 great but not not getting on
here midnight Suns Mary Skelter let me
read some of these what I'm going to oh
Mega Mega Man again Mega Man Battle
Network Collection much like Marvel vs
Capcom collection incredible on switch
but they're not really switch
games so I'm not going to include them
on the list Megaton metal dogs Metro oh
boy okay okay okay okay okay
okay now obviously Metroid Prime 4
Beyond isn't out yet so we can't rank
Metroid Prime 4 Beyond
do I put Metroid Prime
remastered do I make the exception
because of how how good that game looks
on
switch
I I feel like as much as I love
Metroid I think I'm going to
exclude remastered even though it's Peak
CU it doesn't really change the game as
much as like live Al live did or Dragon
Quest
3 so I'm not going to include it but I
am going to include Metroid dread and in
fact Metroid dread is moving its way in
its top 10 easy moving its way all the
way to the top 10 let's
see definitely above all of
these yep I would put it above arms I'd
put it above 099
I don't know if I'd put it above cuphead
I don't think I'd put it above cuphead
but I love me Sy Metroid dread man I
love Metroid dread but that that beats
the arms buffer it's just so good top
five is actually stacked right now three
houses Animal Crossing cuphead dread and
f-99 like I said man the switch has so
many good games too many good games too
many good games I'm gonna move the zoom
out a little bit too now that we got
more things on this list let's move this
down a bit okay let's see now mopia was
super fun love streaming that wouldn't
put it on my list none of the Minecrafts
are making it Miss kobashi MLB the show
not momar densetsu I have and really
enjoy wouldn't put it in top 25 though
Monopoly monster boy monster energ oh o
o o o o o o o ooh ooh ooh ooh
do I put Generations ultimate or do I
put
[Music]
rise I feel like because I just played
through
wilds and the one big thing that I said
Wilds was missing was the wire bug
and I do love the theming of all like
the Japanese yo-kai monsters in
Rise I think I got to go with monster
hun
rise we are now at 25 by the way we are
now at our top 25 I'm not going to take
things off the list I'm just going to
move things
down I'm not going to take stuff off I'm
just going to like rearrange things
because everything I put on here I like
strongly believe is very very good uh
rise is like skyrocketing up
here I would put
rise above Meo for
sure I don't know if I'd put it above
anything else I would definitely put it
above emo
though ryzen jamere is tough they're
like neck and neck jamere I think is the
best Mario Party game Monster Hunter
rise I don't think is necessarily the
best monster hunter game but it's very
good I feel like I want to do
this I feel like I want to move
Clubhouse games down slightly yes yeah
yeah yeah I can live with that that's a
crazy top 25 right now Fire Emblem
Animal Crossing cuphead Metroid dread
f99 arms Kirby in the Forgotten land
Super Mario Party jamere Monster on AR
rise Clubhouse games Meo Mario Kart hyro
Warriors Luigi's Mansion 3 Dragon Ball
Fighters live alive Mario Rabbids
Advanced Wars 1 plus 2 doky DOI
literature Club Dragon Quest 3 HD 2D
Fire Emblem Warriors another code bakadu
dead cells and Mario
Golf by the way two and a half hours now
two and a half until the switch two
direct two and a half is this top 25
switch games yes top 25 best switch
games of all time yes this list is
honestly cooking right now this is a
pretty good list so far this is a pretty
good list but things are going to change
up for sure once we get to the s's all
right Monster Jam Mortal Kombat
moonlighter
nothing else there all right we're
halfway through now we're halfway
through here we go here we go here we go
all right you're already awake I've been
awake I've been awake for three and a
half hours already we've been
live all right so here we go uh we're
going again in alphabetical order here
we
go uh
mutant my hero my time at Porsche
Naruto NBA nope passing on all those Neo
ends with you I want to put on here more
than anything else on the planet but I
still haven't played it yet so I feel
like it's not fair for me to put it on
but you guys know I love the world ends
with you I just never found the time to
go back to Neo world ends with you and
every time I pick it up I'm always like
I don't know it just it never clicks
with me and I've tried pick it up like
four or five times and I know I'll like
it if I actually sit down and take my
time with it but yeah it is what it is
for now
yeah uh neptunia Nerf
Legends oo oh also someone brought up in
the chat you're right they passed Hollow
Night Hollow night wasn't listed Hollow
night's for sure on here for
me Hollow night's for sure here and I'm
also going to put new Pokemon snap on
here too because I see it
listed Hollow nights
if we're being honest Hollow Knight's
prob probably there I would probably
even put Hollow Knight above Kirby I
love Hollow night absolutely love it
also some of you remember I streamed all
of hollow night on Twitch during Co
remember those three months when we were
staying with Reagan's family when like
the numbers were really really bad here
in LA and we went to Vegas and I
streamed all a hollow night that game
was awesome dude I love that so that's
up there new Pokemon Snap I'm still
amazed this game even
exists I love this
game I think it beats Luigi's Mansion
for me too I think it's top 15 yeah wow
man we are looking we are looking good
this list is looking
nice look at all right so dead cells and
Mario Golf super rush are now out of
contention but that's okay that's fine
all right let's see what else we got
let's keep scrolling nouni Nickelodeon
Al Stars brawl wasn't that going to be
the uh smash killer yeah it didn't end
up happening uh near
autom I consider that a PS4 game so I'm
going to leave it off here but that game
is obviously incredible labo I mean I I
enjoyed what I the time I spent with
labo but I wouldn't put it up here
Nintendo switch Sports is good I
wouldn't put it top 25 I wouldn't put it
above anything on this list currently
and we got to be be choosy now with
where we are currently we got to be a
little choosy
No More Heroes three no bug is ambition
oh I have to put on the music for this
one here we
go here we go here we go here we go
[Music]
one or two this
[Music]
one that is going to be
controversial that's going to be
controversial I don't care
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
give me decisive battle to give me
decisive battle too here we go
[Music]
give me octopath three during the switch
to direct
[Music]
today amazing amazing amazing amazing
amazing amazing it's amazing I actually
think both the octopath traveler games
are incredible but I am only going to
include one because I know what's coming
up on this list we have a lot of stuff I
do want to sort of be choosy and I do
feel like octopath traveler one is the
better game I know they slim down a lot
of things and do a lot of quality life
updates in octopath traveler 2 that I
think make it a more enjoyable
experience but I think the characters
and music of octopath 1 for me
personally hit more as much as I love
theic music and oxat traveler 2 can't
wait for ox traveler 3 I love all of
these games they're all great but oxat
traveler 1 is like special to me also
oath traveler 1 had that history with
the switch right it was there from day
one we got that switch presentation they
revealed HD
2D love that
game not g to put it above arms still
because I have a lot of nostalgia for
arms but I'm I'm definitely putting on
my list for sure yeah dude that's this
is solid man I'm looking at this I'm
like man that's a good list all right
uh odd World Olympics the one piece
games one piece Odyssey one piece pirate
warriors one piece pirate warriors 3 I
have two Warriors games on
here I do you know I actually do though
hold on I do like one piece pirate
warriors
for I like it
more than fire memoral
and Dragon Quest 3 HD
2D so I'm going to also fireman Warriors
is is getting knocked off really soon
both of these are I feel like this is
just and I feel like almost all of these
are getting knocked off at some point
too but I'm just putting it on there
because I do really love the one pie I'd
say this is my favorite one piece game
on switch and I feel like I can't do a
whole retrospective about the switch and
rank all my favorite switch games if we
didn't include this game you know what I
mean I have to include the game so all
right pirate warriors 4 love that game
all right uh Oni Musha operation wolf
overcooked overcooked is
great is overcooked making my
list it's not but I do really like it
OverWatch Pacman Thousand-Year Door
remake is a little too close to the
original game so I'm not going to
include it origami King step in the
right direction for the franchise but
realistically hated the battle mechanics
did not like the weird puzzle thing but
thousand- Year Door was amazing and I
think they did that game absolutely
justice but again it's not really
different enough for me to justify
putting it on this list so I'm not going
to put that on here payday Penny
punching Persona five
Royal I also still haven't played
tactica yet it's literally sitting on my
shelf and I haven't had a chance to play
and I feel like I would love this
game oh boy oh boy this is getting
rough and the Pikman oh
no persona and Pikman
man Pikmin I'm gonna I'm going to be
real Pikman
4 I've said this before on videos I
think this game is like incredible I
think it's not talked about enough in
terms of the best games on switch in
fact I would even put it above Metroid
dread and I love ah you know wait a
minute hold on
actually I was H when I said that that
is definitely not true I don't know what
I'm talking about Pikmin for no but it's
it's right there below Metroid dread
it's right there it's it's right there
right there it's it's like five yeah
it's fine I it's above everything else
but I couldn't put above Metroid I
couldn't put above Animal Crossing or
CET fire Alem but it's it's up there
absolutely incredible absolutely
incredible uh P5 Royal yeah I feel like
I I don't think this is gonna last very
long but I mean this
I would put it all the way up I mean i'
I'd put it pretty high I'd put it above
Dragon Ball fighters to be honest I'd
put it above dragonb I put it like
there ah you know what though I feel
like I don't know why I consider it more
like a PS5 game PS4 game excuse me than
a switch game so it's tough to put it on
here I'll put it like towards the
bottom do I even include it I feel like
there's going to yeah I'll I'll keep it
towards the bottom we'll keep it towards
the bottom it's still it's a great game
obviously fantastic game I love Persona
all right let's keep going plain skate
PJ mask PL and zombies Pocky and Rocky
all
right po explore oh Pokemon here boy oh
boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh
boy boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh
boy the Pokemon games
I really like scarlet and
violet I really genuinely like scarlet
and violet the game looks horrible the
game is ugly the game does not run great
I love that game I really genuinely love
it however if we're looking at all of
the Pokemon games sword and shield
scarlet and violet let's go Pikachu and
Eevee diamond and Pearl and
archus I think there's two that are on
this list I think there's
two I think there's Pokemon Legends
archus of
course and this is GNA be a super duper
duper hot take but I don't care because
it's my
list Pokemon let's go Pikachu
Pokemon let's go Pikachu is the best way
to play gen one and I won't hear
otherwise I don't care it's the best way
to play it it's the best way to play it
in modern days it's the best way and I
grew up you guys heard my whole story in
the first hour of the stream the games I
grew up playing right I have a lot of
nostalgia for Pokemon Yellow I
do I feel like I would rather just play
Let's Go Pikachu I like the fact that
it's different I like the catching
mechanics I like the weird thing that
the Pok X is smaller I like the way that
they cleaned up a lot of the game I like
the music I like the visual style I
think it's significantly I I don't even
think kind of I think it is
significantly better than fire red leaf
green significantly I said that on my
Pokemon tier list video that I did a
while ago I think it's significantly
better than fire red leaf green I love
this game I would move this
game I would move this game very very
high up I would put let's go Pikachu
I would put let's go Pikachu top 10 I
would I would put it above Hollow
night i' I'd also put it above octop no
I wouldn't I'd put it there but I would
I let's go Pik I love let's go Pikachu
man I love it love it love it love it
love it thank you by the way to the
untaker for becoming a member notom I
appreciate that thank you thank you
thank you you said you may be going too
far
now I don't think I I am I really like
let's go Pikachu with that being said
Pokemon Legends archus is also on this
list this is also super duper high up
there
I will put it above Clubhouse
games I don't know if I'll put it above
Monster Hunter rice I don't think I'll
put up a mon on
Rice I also think maybe I will go one
more down I think Pikachu being 10
currently is good Pokemon let's go
Pikachu being 10 H octopath arms yeah
yeah yeah yeah
I I'm cool with this I'm going to play
my music again so I have this in the
background that looks good to me I'm
cool with that I do like let's go more
than archus I
do I do I do I know I know that's a
super duper hot take I really like
archus a lot but I feel like that game
this is going to be crazy coming from me
cuz I'm a Pokemon fan I feel like archus
is semi semi
overrated just slightly it's a fantastic
game but I think it's a little overrated
just a
little I I feel like it's a little
overrated but that's my own personal
opinion that's not how you know you
could feel free to disagree by the way
shout out to the Nintendo Prime say
Roger you're base also thank you for
your donation earlier Nintendo Prime
appreciate that welcome good morning
good morning good
morning um all right hold on will you
clarify what you meant no I will not I'm
just going to leave it there I'm going
to leave Legends Aras there thank you by
the way to shinta as well
Aras thank you very much nakama thank
you thank you thank you all right let's
see poken Poker Club portal kns Princess
Peach Prince of Persia
priny uh professional farmer Leighton
isn't out yet so I can't put it on there
psycho shooting
stars PUO PUO Tetris is excellent would
not put it in my top
25 all RBI Baseball Rabbids raging Loop
Ryden oh we're moving Ryo isn't even out
yet rezero record loss Red Dead
Redemption okay we're moving Red Faction
remore Resident Evil retro I didn't even
know they did Retro Game Challenge
Replay for switch that's awesome Rhythm
Heaven groov can't wait for that game
rayus seemed kind of
interesting rhyme oh oh
no we're at a point where now we're too
low on the list I was like ring fit is
above a lot of this stuff it wouldn't
break into the top 25s currently but I
do really enjoy ringfit a lot n I'm
going to put it on just to have it cuz I
do really love ringfit
Adventure I would put it
above yeah I'd put it like there
i' I'd put it like there I really do
like that I would no it's not beating
doy DOI it's not beating doy DOI nope
Riot robotics Romancing Saga root letter
Rugrats RPG Maker Rune Factory never
played any of the Rune Factory games
really want to never did before so I
can't in my right mind put them on there
we are almost two hours away from this
direct at this point wow this stream
flew this stream flew man wow wow wow
wow wow wow wow wow wow I cannot believe
we're two hours away
dude things are getting crazy they're
getting
crazy sambad Amigo Saints Row sakuna
Samurai Warriors scribble knuts Gundam
Mega Drive sea of solitude sron kagura
who was asking about sron kagura earlier
I think her was asking about that
earlier uh uh Shadow Labyrinth this is
the new Pac-Man game Shadow reboard
Skate Session
nope Shadow vers Shak Fu shim magami
tensei
5 no I wouldn't put it above the stuff
that's in my top 25 right now but it's
excellent I I wouldn't put it above
Persona 5 which is why I
wouldn't well no you're too late in the
game Roger you're too late in the game
you can't be adjusting this stuff don't
don't do that don't do that shim 10 say
5 great game not putting it up
there silence Skull Island Skully Smurfs
slave zerox Sniper Elite snipper Clips
was very cute super super cute game with
the launch of switch not making top 25
SNK heroins cute not making top 25 snow
Bros snow Moto snow Runner soccer
tactics Glory o
we found the new top
25 we found one wait why did why did the
text change hold
on make this a little longer there we go
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah this
skyrockets
up skyrockets up immediate thought it's
going above new Pokemon Snap it's going
above hyro Warriors going above Mario
Kart going above Meo going above
Clubhouse games going above
archus going above Monster
Hunter going above jeree going above
Kirby going above Pokemon going above
Hollow
Knight going above octopath
traveler not going above arms for me not
going above arms but Sonic Mania is like
the best Sonic game ever made the best
and so much of that first year of the
switch like you know when we were
talking about those games that defined
my first year on the switch and I was
like breath of the Wild Arms well I
didn't get to it yet but Xenoblade 2
they're all there but like Sonic
Mania Sonic Mania is such a perfect
Sonic game the only reason it's above
octopath traveler the only reason is cuz
it's a game similar to octopath traveler
that is going to be higher than almost
everything on this list when we get to
it and we're getting to it very very
soon we're getting to it very soon so
just hang in there folks all the other
Sonic games aren't making it on here
that's the one that's making it on here
Sonic and Shadow generations I played on
PS5 so I'm not going to include it uh
Space Invaders South Park Sphinx speed
[Music]
I'm seeing Splatoon and I'm seeing
SpongeBob SpongeBob's not making it
obviously Splatoon
[Music]
Splatoon if we are including their
DLC the single player of
Splatoon the single player of both
Splatoon games is very very good why not
keep me very good thank you by the way
to moth guy coming through saying happy
Nintendo day Roger you better put T of
the Golden Country on this list right
now we're getting there don't worry
we're get we're getting hold your horses
we're going to get to stuff later we're
getting Xenoblade later xenoblade's at
the very end octo expansion is is
amazing octo expansion is so good
however I actually think Splatoon 3's
like Hades like Rog like mode was
amazing I loved
that and while I think octo expansion is
better than that mode I think Splatoon 3
overall did it for me a little
more side order yeah so I'm actually
going Splatoon 3
and I'm putting
it that looks right to
me I'm putting it between live alive and
Dragon
Ball this is getting tough man this is
getting
tough do I put Splatoon above Dragon
Ball
Fighters Dragon Ball Fighters is
incredible tag name
incredible I think that's the right spot
for it for me I'm that's the right spot
for it for me I'm putting it there
that's the right
spot SpongeBob lots of SpongeBob games
in Spyro those aren't making it spy Ana
I wanted to play that that's cute Star
Ocean I have on my switch haven't had
the chance to play a lot of it looking
forward to playing
that starlink this is the Star Fox one
we streamed a little bit that was fun
story of seasons are all great none of
them stand out to me on switch though
stray is a great game played it on
PS5 subnotica is cool had a lot of fun
with super bom man R super bom man R the
first year of the
switch fantastic fantastic game great
party game
I'd put it above a lot of the stuff on
the bottom over here but again it's
getting to the nitty-gritty I don't
think we really even need to do that so
I feel like that's
fine okay here we go here's where oh boy
this is going to be a blood beath this
is going to be a blood beath we are now
in the Super Marios this is this whole
list is going to change in
seconds Mario 3D Allstars I spent so
much time with but obviously that's not
a game I could put on here Bowser's Fury
I think is excellent I actually think
Bowser Fury is the best 3D Mario game on
the switch but 3D World from the Wii U
feels weird to put it on here Mario W's
not making my list as much as I like
Mario Wonder Mario maker is not making
my list Mario Odyssey is of course
making my list of course Mario Odyssey
is of course making my
list of course
where is it going though it's above
Splatoon it's above Dragon Ball it's
above Luigi's Mansion it's above new
Pokemon Snap it's above hyro Warriors
it's above
Mari hold on a
minute no it's above Mario Kart it's
above
Meo it's above Clubhouse games it's
above archus it's above rise it's above
jamere it's above Kirby it's above
Pokemon I think that's where it stops I
think it stops here I think it stops
between Pokemon let's go Pikachu and
Hollow night is where it stops for me
that's where it stops for me Odyssey is
fantastic don't get me wrong the music
is fantastic if you're somebody who's
like Odyssey is your top five game on
switch totally respect it totally
respect it but the end of that
game really loses me a little bit the
Dark Side of the Moon and the darker
side of the moon Moon being like the
secret levels after the gorgeous amazing
beautiful Mario 64 level postgame kind
of fell apart and I think the game isn't
it's replayable if you're not collecting
every Moon my but I couldn't see myself
replaying it to collect every Moon again
I've I've replayed it I think two or
three times just to get to the credits
which only takes like it's like a
perfect plane game for a 5H hour plane
ride you're beating the whole game in
that 2 hours left by the way less than 2
hours left until the switch to the less
than 2 hours now
bro so good thank you by the way Winston
of dojima at the 2hour Mark dropping
five gift subs thank you very very much
nakama thank you Winston thank you thank
you thank you thank you thank you thank
you thank
you Pokemon unite is not on here because
it's digital only well no it was on here
I just didn't put it top 25 I like it
but it wouldn't be top 25 for
me uh
Mario Party Jamber we already put
on Super Mario
[Music]
RPG oh
boy because it is a full remake I'm
counting it also the fact that I have
1,500 people watching me at 4:00 in the
morning like is insane we're still 2
hours in the direct and we are still
skyrocketing in viewers welcome
everybody welcome welcome welcome to the
stream wow wow wow
wow all right the reason I'm putting
Mario RPG on here is because I'm putting
it above live alive and Splatoon and
Dragon Ball Fighters that's the thing to
topple Dragon Ball
Fighters that's why I'm putting it there
I love it I also love the monkey ball
games I I don't want to put any of them
on my top 25 oh well hold on I need to
do something real quick hold on wait a
minute
e e
end the story there's not even a
discussion there I don't I don't even
feel like I need to focus on it the fact
is Sakurai did The Impossible with this
getting Sora getting banjo kazui all the
extra stuff all the DLC stuff they added
all the music they got in that game
bringing every character back Pichu and
snake and Roy BR it's like it's
Perfection it's per Minecraft Steve
literally broke TW like it's the it's
the best it's the best I think it is the
single best modern Nintendo game ever
made it's the best it's the
best number one easy peasy squeezy
number one of course it's number one for
me it's smash ultimate which also knocks
Splatoon off my list which means there's
not going to be a Splatoon in my top 25
this is getting scary we're almost at a
top 40 but I got to end this at
25 this is getting rough this is getting
very very
rough ultimate three houses Animal
Crossing cuphead dread Pikman 4 f99 arms
Sonic Mania octopath Hollow night Mario
Odyssey let's go Pikachu Kirby and the
Forgotten land Mario Party jambur
monster on Rise Pokemon Legend arus
Clubhouse games Meo Mario Kart 8 Deluxe
hyro Warriors agent Calamity new Pokemon
Snap Luigi Mansion 3 Mario RPG Dragon
Ball fighter Splatoon 3 live
alive man oh man oh man oh man oh man oh
man oh man wow
wow let's
continue we got Street racer sordar
online Sushi Striker which by the way I
actually really enjoyed sui Striker
we're not even at the zeldas and the
xenoblades yet people we haven't even
gotten into zeldas and xenoblades
like a lot of these aren't making it we
have there's a big game I'm thinking of
too that's not a Zelda or a Xenoblade
that's going to be top 10 on my list
easy probably top five
well no it's going to be top five it's
going to be top five yeah it's going to
be top five Siberia sympathy kiss
Tactics Ogre Tao
tab all right I might as let's just
let's go to it right now I'm just going
to pull it up
you guys already know you
know Tales
zonia taxed chaos Chia wait where team
Sonic racing th M Ninja Turtles temptem
tennis world tour Terraria test
drive none of these Adam's Family biting
of Isaac Kia effect I'm sorry dude
Skyrim end is n great Ace Attorney
Chronicles King of Fighters last kid 100
line Trails not happening Heroes Last
Ninja collection nothing nothing none of
these none of these this entire
oh they're putting oh I guess
technically Zelda would come before
triangle strategy I got ahead of myself
I got ahead of myself that's okay we're
playing this
music cuz you guys already knew this was
happening my favorite HD 2D game of all
time my favorite strategy games of all
time triangle strategies making of
course of
[Music]
course not
putting I mean
that's just let's let's just listen to
this music real quick may may we just
listen to this I'm going to crank this
up
[Music]
Tri triangle
[Music]
Tri strategy
in and I be
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
and freom
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
it's
pink
it's I swear if team asano never makes
triangle strategy too
what are they doing if I see if I see
Bravely Default three before triangle
strategy
too look I know people at Square I'm
going to have a long heartfelt
conversation with them and say look what
are you doing stop what you're doing go
make triangle strategy too all
right and I know it is more likely that
we're going to get Bravely Default 3
before triang strategy too but I don't
care I'm standing on business all right
triangle strategy is top five for me I
actually
I I think there's only two games that
could break into this top five right now
and I think I might have to shift this
around well no there's one that I'm
thinking of that's going to break here
that's coming up right now because we're
on Zelda now I mean this is like we're
in the end game now we're we're getting
to the zeldas we're getting to the good
stuff we're getting into the good
stuff
okay I'm not going to include every
Zelda obviously I like decos of wisdom I
like Link's Awakening I like Skyward
Sword HD breath of the wild and tears of
the Kingdom both have to be on here they
both have to be on
here absolutely both of them have to be
on
here they both meant so much to me when
I played them the first time they're
both incredibly good games
[Music]
they're they both got to be on
here
however
however this is going to be a hot take
here's the
kingdom number
two breath of the
wild number five l
number
eight that's wrong number five it's got
to be number nope it's number eight I
can't do that to Metroid
[Music]
triangle triangle strategy Metroid
[Music]
cuphead when I look at my
switch and I think of the other
franchise that's yet to be on this list
that we're getting
to and where certain things can land I
was just realized this finally pushed
arms out of the top 10 that's crazy it
took this long that's crazy it took this
long to push arms out of the top that
also pushed Luigi's Mansion we got some
good stuff pushed out of our top 25 now
Luigi Mansion 3 Mario RPG Dragon Ball
Fighters Splatoon 3 live alive
gone but this right like if you asked me
to
define the switch
era breath of the wild animal crossing
three houses tears of the kingdom and
Smash Brothers is
like that's right there and then cuphead
triangle strategy Metroid dread Pikmin 4
and F0 are like so good and fzero like I
said is just slightly above arms and
then even when you look at the like that
top
15 arm Sonic Mania octopath traveler
Hollow night
Odyssey
bro this system is the best system of
all time dude it's so good that top five
is is perfect though I'm feeling really
good about that top five there's only
one thing I could think of that's not
going to knock it out of there there's
only one thing that I think might knock
one of those out only one but we're
going to get there when we get there all
right we're we're closing in now chat we
got an hour and a half left until this
direct we're closing in we haven't even
done my Goa machine yet we haven't
played our retro games we haven't done
the Retro Game hype we haven't shown my
bingo board again and gone over
everything we got a lot of stuff we
still got to do all right let's get
through this we only got three more
pages left that's it people this is it
three more pages so hang in there we're
going to do this all right Lord of the
Rings Golem ninja saviors outer Wilds
Plucky Squire princess guide The Smurfs
a lot of Smurfs games Walking Dead
Witcher 3 world is with you final remix
I love that game again don't consider it
a switch game I consider a DS game
wonderful 101 made me sick this is the
police this war is mine time on frog
Island Tiner Barbarian bunch of arcade
games Titan Quest Toki Tokyo Mirage
sessions really consider that a Wii U
game tomadachi life's not out yet Tony O
Pro Skater this one's not out yet the
first one is though bunch of Toho games
okay Transformers Travis strikes again
Trails of Mana I've heard is quite good
there's my triangle strategy again I
jumped ahead of myself but it is what it
is troll Hunters Troll And I Trine okay
two pages left Tropico truck driver we
are getting close I can't believe we're
this far to the end Isa man two-point
campus two-point Hospital UFO
Euphoria Ultra Street Fighter
2 umihara kuaz fresh this like a fishing
game or something o undernight in birth
wait a minute these games
are oh no
I almost forgot about unicorn
Overlord is that about to be my number
25
ah do I put it above Pokemon Snap and I
I think I do I think I put unicorn
Overlord
I think I put it above
snap and I think I put it
above
Hyrule thank you by the way the clax
just came through and said if triangle
strategy gets pushed out of your top 10
I'm going to wonder if you're okay cuz I
know you adore that game I am hyped for
the direct in an hour and 45 minutes
thank you very very much bro it's not
don't worry triangle strategy is not
getting pushed out of my top 10 there's
no way I would it's no there's no it's
impossible there there's no way it would
happen no way there's no way I would
ever ever ever ever ever knock triangle
strategy out not with
[Music]
[Applause]
this like that's top 10 that is how I'll
move things around if it's got to be 10
it's got to be 10 it's
up and I I might recalibrate the 25 but
honestly like because we're ranking it
the way that we're ranking it now I'm
I'm feeling pretty good about this
actually I am feeling good sorry I blew
your ear drums out everybody sorry about
that triangle strategy music that's my
bad that's my bad um okay man this is a
good list though man switch is just
amazing dude it's
amazing all right unicorn Overlord I
think I think having it there is
good it might get pushed out we might be
think thinking of what's
left we might be looking
at it has
25 or it pushed
out valkyria Chronicles valis Victor Von
the warrior Weare games actually get it
together was quite good I enjoyed
Warrior Weare get it together it's quite
good we love Katamari very good
Wolfenstein Wonder Boy World's End Club
bunch of racing games wrestling game
XCOM we're on the last page now we're on
the last page now here we
go
look if I wasn't playing by my rules
that I said earlier this is honestly
what would happen I'll tell you right
now this is what would
happen this is what would happen
that would
happen however I feel like Xenoblade
Chronicles X is very new I've been
playing it a lot I'm 40 hours and I'm
adoring this game I easily could see
this above a ton of other games on here
thank you by the way to Beacon of chela
niia who said sorry for preting myself
about um but what about moner Hunter gu
um I see Rise but gu deserves to be
there well uh you missed the GU versus
rise chat earlier we're trying to only
do one of each franchise for the most
part uh
which is why it wasn't there but look
this in particular this version of the
game of Xenoblade Chronicles one is like
here for
me it's legit like if we're if we are
considering ports and
remasters this would be my for sure
would be my number two game on the
switch for sure without a shadow of a
doubt absolutely number this would be my
top three my top three games would be
ultimate Definitive Edition in tear of
the Kingdom for sure absolutely
110% would absolutely positively be
there it would
be in my heart of hearts it should
be
but I feel like it would not be fair to
some of the other games like links
Awakening for
example to put it there that being said
Xenoblade Chronicles 2 which is entirely
on switch and is my favorite of the
switch exclusive Xenoblade games which I
know is unpopular also I'm including
future redeemed with three and I'm
including Toro with two let's keep that
in
mind I would put
two
here I would put two here and that would
be my and when I look at that when I
look at smash ultimate tears of the
Kingdom three houses New Horizons breath
of the wild cuphead triangle strategy
Metroid dread Pikmin 4 Xeno Blade
Chronicles
2 that top 10 for me
I don't think I'm shifting from where we
are currently with one page left I don't
think that's changing I think that is
it
but if I could include
these it would be
this if I could include definitive
editions it would be this I would I
think Xenoblade Chronicles
Definitive Edition is like one of the
best games of all time incredibly
incredibly good thank you by the way to
Adventure for super chatting saying my
wild cards for this direct however small
the chance are Custom Robo and Monster
Rancher Custom Robo would be kind of
cool with the mouse controls actually I
like that where'd you put Metroid dead
top 10 top 10 easy Mario Wonder didn't
make my list Mario Wonder didn't make my
list we had to cut some Mario games we
had to cut some Pokemon games those
didn't make my list thank you by the way
to uh prolific who said I am not ready
for the switch to and yet we will see
all of peak in an hour I'm watching you
live from France have a great day Roger
and everyone thank you very very much
appreciate that yeah man the reason that
two gets above three for me is I love
the music on the field in two love the
music on the field in two more so than
three and this song right here
br
[Music]
[Music]
the memories I have grinding for Cores
to try to get rare blades in Xeno Blade
[Music]
2 this game defined the first year of
the switch defined it completely man so
good man such a good game uh oh stream's
lagging wait a minute wait a minute wait
a minute stream's lagging stream's
lagging stream's lagging hold on hold on
hold on hold on stream's lagging
stream's lagging let me it's probably
because I have a bunch of tabs open I
can't handle the peak music all right
give me a sec stream's stream's lagging
stream's lagging give me a sec all right
open some of this stuff up lower my
bandwidth a little bit all right here we
go let's see let's see let's see close
some of these out it's buffering a
little don't worry it's a big lag but
don't worry we'll be here I know it's
lagging I know it's lagging I'm stopping
I'm stopping don't worry we'll get back
don't worry I know we're fighting
through it I'm already seen it come back
cuz I moved some stuff out there we
go there we go we're back we're back
we're back we're back literally couldn't
handle the music we had too many things
going at once and it just fully lagged
out once the music stopped I think we
were good man oh man oh man oh dude I
can't get over how many people are in
the Stream right now this is just insane
dude thank you so much once again to
everybody who's tuning in live today
this is incredible all right anyway with
that being said
because
I I'm having a really hard time with
this I'm having a hard time of what
because I I feel very strongly that I
love Xenoblade Chronicles 3 Definitive
Edition and I feel like the addition of
future connected and the quality of life
features and changes it made to
Chronicles I would
argue make it a different
game I would argue it makes it a totally
different
game and I feel like because of how much
I love that
game I feel like it should definitely be
here and while that's gonna bump
Chronicles 2 out of the top 10
I think I can live with that with
Xenoblade 2 being the buffer to the top
10 because Pikmin 4 is a masterpiece
Metroid dread is a masterpiece triangle
strategy is a masterpiece cuphead's a
masterpiece breath of the wild masterpie
every single thing in the top 10 every
single game in the top 10 is like 9.5 or
10 to me it it's just so unbelievably
good so I feel like realistically that's
what I got to go with I think I am going
to include Definitive Edition and I
think Xena Blade Chronicles X Definitive
Edition is just a little too new so I'm
not going to include
it and while unicorn Overlord gets
bumped out of the top 25 with Definitive
Edition there I feel like Mario Kart
being the buffer for the top 25 and then
emo and Clubhouse being right there at
the
bottom it clicks for me again for my top
25 best switch games
list looking at this lineup like
this it's pretty good let's go down the
rest of this list let's see if there's
anything else that I've missed but I
think this might be locking it in we
have Xenon racer
zikri 13 yo-kai watch yesterday origin
yars Yoshi which is cute but wouldn't be
top 25 the ease games which are awesome
but wouldn't be top 25
they did ease versus trails in the
sky
what I didn't know they had a crossover
game that's
insane
Yu-Gi-Oh yum yum cookstar thank you by
the way to Naruto toad Sage saying since
PlayStation games are not a reality for
switch 2 I hope we get good ports of
remasters of medieval games PlayStation
left them for dead you know what i'
actually love to see I'd love to see
Parappa on switch Parappa would be great
and thank you by the way to Scott hey
nakama thank you for the membership
appreciate it and Luke donated and said
no Funko Fusion trash
list all right let's see zoids Zumba
Zombie Land zombie army chaos this is it
man we made it wow we made it to the
very end of the Nintendo life list
wow wow wow wow wow wow wow
wow so we got a top 45 here but you know
what
I feel
like for the purposes of this
list now that we're
here I think this is
it this is my top 25 my top 25 number 25
Mario Kart 8 Deluxe number 24 Meo The
Smiling man famicom detective Club
number 23 Clubhouse games 51 worldwide
classics number 22 Pokemon Legends
archus number 21 Monster Hunter rise
number 20 Super Mario Party
jamere number 19 Kirby and the Forgotten
land number 18 Pokemon let's go Pikachu
number 17 Super Mario Odyssey number 16
hollow Knight number 15 octopath
traveler number 14 Sonic Mania
plus number 13 I told you guys it was
going to make it high right in the very
beginning of this number 13 we got arms
number 12
f99 number 11 Xenoblade Chronicles 2
number 10 Pikman
4 number nine Metroid dread number eight
triangle strategy number seven cuphead
number six The Legend of Zelda breath of
the wild number five top five run out
top five Animal Crossing New Horizons
number four Fire Emblem three houses
number three The Legend of Zelda tears
of the Kingdom number two Xenoblade
Chronicles Definitive Edition and number
one W Super Smash Brothers
ultimate and with that ladies and
gentlemen we have 1 hour and 30 minutes
left until the switch to
direct
wow and the amount of games that missed
out on this list the amount of games
that didn't make this top 25 is
absurd that just goes to show the switch
TR I believe this truly is the best
video game system Nintendo has ever made
ever when you take this entire library
of switch games into consideration plus
all of the Retro games on NSO like the
best of N64 the best of Super Nintendo
the best of NES the best of jet
everything all those
games
dude it's insane and the fact that the
system that we are about to see for the
first time plays all of these and new
games
like
bro it's going to be the best system of
all time it's going to be the best it's
going to be the best system of all time
all time switch 2 would have to do
something like atrocious with the UI or
be like $700 or something to not be able
to beat switch one in terms of being the
best system of all time cuz it already
plays everything it literally plays
every game that we listed here every
game plus a bunch of new games for the
next seven
years and that's what we're going to see
today folks folks today we are seeing
the new generation of Nintendo we are
witnessing the beginning of the Next
Generation not only of Nintendo but of
Our Lives dude when I think about Smash
Brothers I've said this on Japan time
when I think about Smash Brothers Smash
the original smash 64 that was
elementary school for me melee Middle
School brawl high school and college
Smash 4 when I first first moved to LA
and smash ultimate when I became a
full-time
YouTuber and now we're going to be
getting a new system probably with a new
Smash Brothers game and that game is
going to usher in the next era of my
life insane
insane I love Nintendo man I love it I
love
Nintendo what is this donation I just
got I want to give a shout out hold on
let me give a shout out shout out to
Scott Johnstone who said I just want to
say quick thanks to Roger for being the
Catalyst to get me back into Nintendo
these past couple years I am currently
playing I am currently playing Xenoblade
Chronicles Definitive Edition and it is
Peak well done well done well done well
done well done well done
beautiful absolutely beautiful man when
the next smash comes out that's when
Roger's going to get married actually
probably true to be
fair probably true considering when the
next one probably is going to come out
man this I mean this is like insane this
is this is really an incredible list I
feel like this is my 25 right
here
man I love this all right we're saving
this let's go back to just chatting
let's start setting some stuff up we're
we're in the thick of it now people are
going to start flooding in any minute
things are gonna get kind of wild also
one quick thing I'm gonna do I'm gonna
take this timer off because it hasn't
been working the entire stream and I
wanted to get it to work but
unfortunately it just does not work in
the way that I want it to work so
alas that is
going this one is going over
here and then where's this one this is
top 25 one where's the other timer one
this one right here this one's
going I do want to get that timer
working at some point but unfortunately
I just didn't get it working
today here we go this last one this this
one my mobile game
screen okay primary display this is full
screen very good for if I want to go
full screen we got it everything's
looking good
okay man oh man oh man what were the
chat features you were messing with last
night I'll show you check this
out I have featured chats now so now if
I'm reading a chat and I want to
highlight that message and I want to
read it I can click the message and
it'll pull up live on stream look at
that look at this Generations in life I
remember watching the original switch
direct while waiting for class in
college today I'm married with a
three-year-old son and just celebrated
my 30th birthday incredible incredible
turbo just said Kid Icarus better get a
new game I hope so but I'm not counting
on it but I would love that I would
absolutely love that all right guys
here's what I'm going to do cuz from
here on
out the hype Shin conent is leaving the
station all right from here on out it is
going to be nothing but non-stop hype so
what I need to do is I have to get water
I have to refill my water it is 4:30 in
the morning I'm going to refill my water
real quick I'll put what should I put on
the on the chair in the
meantime while we're playing music
Here's what we're gonna do I'm gonna do
this I'm gonna play because the song is
amazing
I'm going to pull this up because I feel
like this is the best song to usher in
the hype I'm going to do this those of
you that remember my solo leveling live
streams you already know what I'm about
to play you already know what this is
give me one second and we will be right
back
[Music]
oh
[Music]
come
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
la
[Applause]
[Music]
I just can't believe we're here man I
can't believe we're
here
[Music]
man look at
this live in
81 minutes
we are down to minutes now look at
this oh my
[Music]
gosh h oh my goodness gracious everybody
oh my goodness gracious
wow we made it and see all these people
were worried that everybody was like oh
there's no way you're going to fall
asleep during the rck I'm like there's
no way man I was wide awake I feel more
energized now than I did four hours ago
I feel like when I started the stream
when I woke up at like midnight I was
slightly more tired than I am right now
I've been going for four and a half
hours I'm great I'm like I'm ready to go
the hype is locking in I'm getting
excited one thing I will say that is
interesting though about the direct This
Time Around by the way huge respect for
staying up this long man damn I mean
dude this this only happens once in a
blue moon of course I had to go live
like it's it's awesome I love it I love
it I get to hang out with all of you I
get to talk about the games it's it's
the best it's the best um I literally
cannot sleep I'm watching from the
stream from Mexico hype trained indeed
so actually I want to introduce you guys
to a song I want to introduce you guys
to a song
this is the hype because everyone knows
about the hype train obviously you know
everybody knows about the hype train but
do you know about the hype Shin
conen do you know for work later if you
do not know I need to get you hyped up
on the hyp sh consent thank you by the
way to try uh TR made a poetic statement
this is from CLA CLA super chatted and
said TR made a poetic statement from 80
Days down to 80 minutes bro bro bro bro
bro bro bro
bro that's a crazy thing to think about
I remember the days of switch Pro like
when we were all sitting over here
wondering what was going to happen if
there was going to be a switch to at all
or if we were going to get a switch Pro
like the fact that we're here now 79
minutes away from the from the first
reveal like in-depth reveal for the
switch
2 is just absurd like I said we were
going through that video earlier of like
me doing the Nintendo Minute with kitten
and Christa where it felt like just
yesterday that I was playing the switch
for the first time playing onew switch
and playing breath of the wild and now
here we are in this whole new generation
it's just amazing Brandon Davis came
through with the Super Chat thinging I
still think they should have called it
the Super Nintendo switch I'm actually
glad that they didn't going back to that
story I told you guys before like when I
was working as a product demonstrator
and the things that got people confused
I feel like Super Nintendo switch in
this modern day and age because we
haven't really had a super named system
in a long time last time we got a super
system was what the Super Nintendo right
we didn't get there was no super Game
Boy or no there was a super Game Boy but
that was for Super Nintendo but there
was no there was no like super Game Boy
Advance we had Game Boy Advance SP but
there was no super and so I feel like
because it's now been so long people
wouldn't necessarily know that super
wasn't just like a souped up Pro version
of the original switch you know what I
mean where switch 2 was like very clear
defining this is the next thing it is
what it is I feel like it's the clearest
way they could have gone through all of
this and I'm glad that they did do you
think that Elden ring is going to be
ported to switch to I think we're going
to see Elden ring within the next 80
minutes I think it's going to be one of
the first third party games that you see
in this direct absolutely 100% no doubt
about it we're seeing Elden ring
absolutely I mean I could pull back up
my bingo thing again um I had it open on
the other thing let me let me click this
hold on bingo card we can do
this you guys could see my bingo board
again for all the things I think are
going to happen shout out by the way to
Debbie Cook coming through with a
membership nakama thank you very much
greatly appreciate it and Rob donated
and said all of these excellent games
the switch really is the greatest
console ever and now we're getting ready
for the switch to iada would be proud I
couldn't agree more couldn't agree more
what would be something that would
disappoint you if it was $600 that would
be disappointing if it was $600 if it
was $550 that would be disappointing I
think anything above 500 would be
disappointing in terms of price I think
it would be disappointing if it's a
holiday if it's a holiday system release
I think it would be disappointing I do
not want to see this thing come out
holiday season I want this to be a
summer
thing
um what would be something else dis
disappointing if the if the big 40th
anniversary Mario game was just a 2d
Mario if it was just like Mario Wonder 2
or something I would say that would be
slightly disappointing to me I think it
would probably look really cool I'd
probably pop off looking at it but I
think that'd be one of those things that
like over time I'd be
like I don't necessarily know if I'm
vibing with this yeah but I would say I
would say that would probably be one um
if if all of the first party games are
just Mario I would be a little
bummed like if all the first part of
games are like Mario Kart 3D Mario and
like Mario Paint and we don't get Zelda
Metroid Splatoon literally anything else
you know I I'd be a little disappointed
by that too also I have to turn up the I
see the lighting was a little off in
here too I realized it's cuz I still had
it a little lower now it's it's time now
lights can totally be on it's morning
time it's 4:45 all right we're going
full force into this um what would be
something else disappointing I mean I I
don't know I feel like that's kind of
it I don't really feel like there is
that much to be disappointed about we're
getting a new
system I don't know what else silk no
silk song being here would not be
disappointing to me I don't particularly
care about that not during this direct I
feel like during the last one it made a
lot of sense oh hold on wait a minute
who's calling me at 4:30 in the morning
what is this wait wait wait wait wait
what is what's going on
here what is going on on my
phone all right it must have been
telemarket or something I'm like why are
people calling me at 4:40 in the morning
um if there's no Sonic Adventure 3
that'll be sad bro BR bro come on
absolutely not you're not kidding you
are not getting Sonic Adventure 3 no way
not today at least mamoto is called he
might be hold on let's see I do have him
on speed dial to be fair I could
probably call him
up no I had it's cuz it was a number
that I didn't recognize I was looking at
my phone and it was like a number that I
had three calls from I'm like what is
this um nintendan hey gifted a
membership thank you very much nintendan
I appreciate that knock thank you thank
you thank you what's up nintendan and uh
crash poke shroom said in 3 days I will
have been subbed to you for 10 years
years I started watching you in the Wii
U era and then the switch and now we are
into the switch too man oh man oh man oh
man well thank you so much once again
for being such a longtime supporter
greatly appreciate it thank you to all
of you that are still here so early the
fact we got 1,500 people watching before
the direct is even starting insane all
right so should I go over this bingo
card now I've been waiting long enough I
feel like let's go over this again I did
this in a prediction video yesterday or
two days ago at this point but I feel
like it's easier to just go through it
again and sort of explain myself um do
you think the switch will be like
PlayStation switch 3 Etc I think if
switch 2 is a huge success yeah I
wouldn't I don't see why they wouldn't
call it just like switch 3 or something
whatever the thing after switch 2 will
end up being for sure it's 1 p.m here in
Scotland W curiously you know what this
is actually what I want to do before I
go over my bingo card cuz we got a lot
of people in here already I want to ask
you guys where are you watching from I
always love to find out where people are
watching from I know I've got an
international audience I just really
want to see where people are watching
from let's see Norway Seattle Philly
Switzerland England turkey North
Carolina Dallas Japan Sweden la la hey
fellow La person what's up blue
Charizard Illinois England Florida
Barcelona Spain India Italy Philadelphia
Saudi Arabia Pennsylvania New Jersey
Michigan Costa Rica the Philippines
Argentina glasow West Virginia Toronto
said ice cap Lord welcome Indonesia
Spain Brazil Ohio Honolulu San Diego
Istanbul Amsterdam South Carolina
Portugal Bakersfield bro all over the
place Maine Hobart
Indiana California Paris Romania the
Netherlands Thailand Greece Connecticut
Michigan Ohio Tennessee Australia
Ireland Sydney Australia man India
Quebec Paraguay Paraguay Puerto Rico
Arizona San Francisco Serbia Greenland
Greenland someone's watching from
Greenland Dubai Brazil Berlin China
Stockholm wow Bavaria man Malaysia Hong
Kong Chicago Germany Greece Australia
wow
Ukraine Mexico
Norway oh man dude this is awesome this
is awesome I love this Taiwan Austria
Kentucky dude where else where else are
you going to get Nintendo fans in
Taiwan Austria and Kentucky in the same
place where else but on Rogers bases
live stream incredible man absolutely
incredible Japan of course why I know a
lot of you guys are watching from Japan
Japan and La whenever I see Japan and La
I know that that's the case for sure
Ireland Puerto Rico
Brazil amazing man amazing amazing
amazing all right let me open this up I
still can't believe we're so
close this is crazy this is really this
is really really wild
stuff man oh
man shout out by the way to all these
new subscribers as well too I just we
just ticked over to four 514 th000
subscribers wow we were at 5113 when I
started the stream we're at 514
now man Philippines shy Town
Indonesia Roger would get that one
person from Antarctica Melbourne
Australia man oh man oh man you guys are
the best this is this has just been
unbelievable so far absolutely
positively unbelievable Kaden says I'm
calling it you will hit 600k next year
dude I'm still blown away that I hit
500k this year I when I started this
year I thought man you know what a great
goal for myself would be end of the year
500k and then the year started and we
hit 400 and now we're already at 500
it's
like it's just amazing absolutely
positively amazing bro I can't believe
you're already at 514 that's what I'm
saying man I'm at 514 now thank you by
the way to Michael Mercier coming
through with the membership nakama thank
you thank you thank you thank you thank
you uh irritator said a bit off topic
but I want to know why didn't you post
your honai 3.1 stream I did I had two
honky 3.1 streams and I streamed them
right here on the YouTube channel and
then nobody watched them and so I
removed them and put them in the member
Drive yeah I also didn't love 3.1 um as
an update so I figured it would be
better instead of have like a 5H hour
long VOD that not a lot of people were
watching of me basically being like N I
didn't really love this I feel like it
was better to just put it away yeah
nintend Don said dude I remember
literally when you started the channel
That was a whole another name ago whole
another name
ago I've always been Roger technically I
was Top Hat Professor
but everyone is up early today man
that's crazy I remember you hitting 10K
and Kieran says dude 750k by the end of
the year I'm calling it now N I don't
know about 750 is a little much 750 is a
little much you know what would be
amazing this would be oh that's right
cuz my old channel name was Rd L ui2 cuz
it was just my old UIC email that's
right and top at professor of course man
oh man oh man
man 750 by the end of the year would be
insane though uh where did you get this
jumper I got it from Super Nintendo
World which is why I'm wearing it I
figur this would be perfect for today
it's like we know we're going to see the
new Mario Kart game so I figured why not
have Mario Kart you know have the jumper
on ready to go then I figured I'll wear
it throughout the course of the day it's
nice and comfortable and then eventually
when I'm on my flight I'll probably
change to something else Cooper says you
are the Nintendo channel for all of us
man that's so nice that is seriously so
nice cool jacket thank you very much
appreciate it I remember watching you
back during your optc era bro that was
so long ago also I don't know man
between switching and one piece type
700k could actually be done this year I
mean we do have switch 2 this year we
have the return of the one piece anime
this year we have most likely the climax
of el not climax of elb but we're going
to get pretty far into elb later on um
I'll give you $100 for the for the
sweater $100 you can get it online for
like 60
bucks you don't need to do that don't
give me $100 get get it for 60 bucks and
then donate $40 to like your local dog
shelter or something you know I don't
need 100 bucks that's fine I appreciate
it though Roger you are the best thank
you very much appreciate it you're going
to hit a million before Final Fantasy 7
part 3 oh I would hope so Final Fantasy
7 part 3 is probably a long way away so
I would hope so
man I it it's crazy though because I
think for a long time after that YouTube
channel hack like for those of you that
maybe aren't up to date all the time
that just tune in during Nintendo
directs early 2023 my YouTube channel
got hacked like you know that hack that
happens to everybody right now where
like the channel goes up and it's like
some dumb crypto stream or something
that starts chilling something and then
it removes all the videos and then you
have to get your channel back a lot of
my friends have had that happen to them
but they got their channels back in like
a day or two I was one of the first ones
that it happened to and it was like my
channel was gone for like two weeks I
lost like 30,000 subscribers I lost I
think like 50 something million views
worth of videos permanently between my
main Channel and my second Channel I
really thought there was no climbing
back from that and then for like a year
and a half afterwards I didn't really
grow all that much and a lot of the
videos that I was uploading were
struggling and I don't know man the end
of last year it just like that one piece
break and Arcane and like the hype for
switch 2 kicked everything into high
gear man it really did kick everything
to high gear and now we're at a point
where it's like we overcame it we're
here it was rough but we're here I'm
here together with all of you witnessing
the next generation of Nintendo at 4:50
in the morning we are almost 1 hour away
bro we're almost 1 hour away dude One
Hour 1
hour Michael duach just said shout out
from Atlanta bro I can't wait for this
thank you very much appreciate it and
William Hart also donated and said how
do you feel about the switch one is a
gam pad
rumor
Nani is that a rumor is that something
people are
saying why not I would love that if you
could use your switch one as like a game
that'd be cool
like is a second screen type deal that'd
be neat I wouldn't hate
that DD super chatted and said I would
love to see my favorite PC game Age of
Wonders for now that we have Mouse
controls I absolutely love your
reactions Doug by the way shout out to
Doug Doug is one of the names of one of
the party members in Xenoblade
Chronicles X very iconic party member in
Xenoblade Chronicles X so you share the
name of another Xenoblade character love
to see you in here um I would love to be
able to play DS and Wii games on it I
think DS games on NSO you know what it's
actually a good transition point we're
about an hour away this is probably a
good point to go over this bingo card
thank you by the way to Maxim draon
super chatting saying been following you
since 2014 man I am so hyped to enter
this next generation of Nintendo with
you thank you very very much appreciate
that man you guys are so kind today this
is great all right so let me explain why
I put what I put on this list I already
did like a full breakdown of the
predictions in my prediction video
before so I'm probably not going to do
the whole thing all over again but I am
going to talk bro we are getting
donation after donation this is
wild that guy that guy B just said we
saans have no limit with $10 are you
expecting a dragon ball game today
welcome welcome welcome and harambe
donated harambe the gorilla donated
donating from from the grave saying
Roger I've been up all night watching
your stream I absolutely love your
passion and your videos what do you
think about a potential Final Fantasy 9
reveal I think there's a good shot I'm
going to be real I think there's a good
shot I think with all the anniversary
stuff that's coming up Square nx's good
relationship with Nintendo the fact that
we've basically known about that game
for years but we haven't seen anything
about
that I feel like there's a relatively
good chance that we and there's a
website for Final Fantasy 9 as well I
think there's a relatively good chance
that uh we could end up seeing final
fantasy9 here today I do actually think
that could happen
yeah which is cool I'm not the biggest
final fantasy9 fan in the world it's
like not my favorite of the final fantas
not even I think even like top eight for
me because I've never actually fully
beaten it but I know that would make so
many people lose their minds and I think
that would be a really awesome
announcement and if the game looks
significant ific L different I would
definitely be willing to give it another
go for sure for sure yeah zidane is my
dude it's one of my favorite Final
Fantasy games also my prediction is
someone from Xbox is coming to
smash see I'm not I have smash on my
bingo card but the thing is all these
blackedout franchise things smash Animal
Crossing Star Fox and Fire Emblem I put
them on here blacked out cuz I think
they have a very very very low chance of
happening today I don't necessarily
think we see any of these I think all
the other stuff has a pretty good shot I
don't think any of the four of these
show up today I think if one of these
four shows up today it would be a
massive shock and would be amazing yeah
sleepy boy also just super chated and
said I love how genuine you are man The
Vibes are unmatched thank you very very
much appreciate that there um all right
so let's go over this first off 39 I
first off I'm going to start talking
about where I think my bingo is
happening I think my bingo is this
middle this middle column I think this
is it I definitely think the thing is
399 I feel like Elden ring is a lock for
a thirdparty game that we're going to
see on the franchise I mean on the
system for sure I think we're going to
see the Elden ring franchise on there I
think we're seeing Elden ring I think
we're seeing shadow of the air tree I
think we're seeing even night rain I
think they all come to switch to so I
think Elden ring for sure will be here
in some capacity Mario Kart's
essentially the free space because we
know we're going to see Mario Kart today
so that's my free space Halo Master
Chief Collection seems like a really
strong bet for a third party game to
show up we already know Microsoft is
going all in on the switch too it would
make sense if Halo is one of those games
that they end up showing and then
Nintendo music they've just been pushing
Nintendo music and these lifestyle apps
a lot so I feel like Nintendo music
showing up on the switch 2 where maybe
you could integrate it where you have
your like favorite music tracks play
maybe as like background menu music
would be insane I would love that so
that's why I think this is most likely
Callum also I got to shout out to two
super chats I just got this is amazing
that guy just donated again
and said you stream on Twitch or YouTube
cuz I don't remember you streaming on
YouTube but if you do I'll join the
party oh my god of course I stream on
YouTube of course I stream on YouTube
way more than I stream on Twitch I
stream on Twitch when I'm worried
there's going to be like a copyright
problem but no I usually am streaming on
YouTube also the Australian Spartan said
Australia here started watching you a
full a few months back and by far you
are the most wholesome Nintendo YouTuber
period I really hope you one day hit a
million dude thank you so much man I
really really appreciate that thank you
very very much I love seeing that I got
viewership in Australia man incredible
also thank you Lydia Raven coming
through at the naker nak Lydia thank you
very very much thank you thank you thank
you thank you Pilgrim of War says do you
think we are going to get a wd
peripheral you mean like for your mouse
like I I don't think that's the case I
really think you're just going to use
your joystick of your joyc con and then
I think you're going to use the mouse
with the other hand oh my gosh I also
just looked Winston of dojima the hour
ticked over he gifted five more subs
this is it we are now in the final hour
we are one hour away from the Nintendo
Direct for Nintendo switch 2 One
Singular hour we've been here since
midnight it's now 5 a.m. I walked you
guys through my history with Nintendo
how I started my YouTube channel we
watched through all the stuff with the
Nintendo minute for switch one we
re-experienced breath of the wild in
onew switch I gave you the behind the
scenes of what happened there we went
through every single switch game ever
made and came up with a ranking of our
top 25 we didn't even get a chance to do
our gashapon where we're doing a bunch
of retro games I got to save that for a
future stream we didn't even get a
chance to do that and now here we are
the final hype hour before the first
Nintendo Direct of the Next Generation
it's amazing so excited I feel like I
can throw up please don't throw up
please don't throw up Hoff said wait a
minute why did you do this because I
felt like it also my man Marco meatball
coming in the Stream saying gotta
support my boy you better be live
reacting to this Marco you better be
streaming and uploading your reaction
you better I got to see your I got to
see everybody's reaction in here man I
got to see everybody showing up
supporting sending that love man oh man
oh man finally looking at this bingo
card because I already talked about the
one that I think is most
likely I think another one of these when
I'm looking at the list that I think
could happen I think is
this I think this could happen I think
we could see Mario Kart I think we could
see breath of the wild switch to Edition
Metroid Prime 4 switch to Edition a new
IP is like a smaller first party game
and then the new NSO update whatever the
new NSO update's going to be be I feel
like this could also totally happen this
and this I feel like the cross is
essentially the most likely and then the
diagonals are when things start to get
kind of crazy like it's weird cuz 3D
Mario obviously is in a diagonal right
now but I feel like 3D Mario is pretty
much a lock for this but I don't think
and like Warrior Weare also I think has
a pretty good shot but I don't
necessarily think that Warrior whereare
Mario Kart and Mario would all happen
with Animal Crossing and Fire Emblem
that is tough that is a tough one to
get I also kind of feel the same thing
with the Splatoon one like Splatoon
seems likely that it's going to show up
in some capacity and I feel like Donkey
Kong seems likely that it's going to
show up in some capacity but Star Fox
and smash I don't know about that Marco
also said do you think they're going to
show games I assume mostly Hardware they
are for sure going to show games in fact
now that we know how long this switch
Direct is let me remind you of what the
first switch one presentation was like
let's go back to this Nintendo switch
one presentation thank you by the way to
all these donations I got to check these
out I got to check these out real quick
hold on hold on hold on hold on we got
two donations one just came from Tech
who said I've been watching you since I
did a giveaway on YouTube oh since oh no
since I saw the giveaway you did on
YouTube wow back in 2014 or 2015 I love
all the time that I've spent on this
channel and Japan hand time along these
years # joycon boys thank you Tech and
then this next one is awesome hold on
slaying crochet just said I just donated
$500 to the National Alliance of mental
illness in your name on behalf of your
buddy eica Joy con boy forever and
here's to the next era
bro dude thank you so much
man dude thank
you wow
man that is amazing thank you so
much wow look joycon boy forever man wow
wow wow wow wow wow wow that is
incredibly kind thank you thank you
thank you thank
you man dude starting off the hour
wholesome man this is awesome thank you
guys again
wow what do I even say to that thank you
very much man I I I want to give like a
like on that comment or something that
is awesome thank you very very much man
wow we got another that guy B also super
chated again it said joycon boys forever
let's go joycon boys forever not
come man thank you very much that is so
kind wow man wow bro we almost have
2,000 people in here now we still got an
hour before the
direct this is crazy man this is
crazy man oh man oh man oh man oh man oh
man oh man oh man all right what I was
going to show you though Marco hold on I
got thrown off for a second Marco are
you still here I want to show you
something so Marco was saying I think
they're mostly only only going to show
Hardware during this thing we do have
even less than an hour now now we got
like almost 50 minutes the reason why I
don't think they're going to only show
Hardware is because of this switch one
presentation this switch one
presentation was an hour and they spent
the
first 20 minutes essentially if you're
including some of the stuff with one to
switch they spent the first 20 minutes
essentially on hardware and the rest of
it was all games from arms to to uh
Mario Odyssey Xenoblade Fire Emblem
shimakami tensei everything and then
they ended with a breath of the Wild
trailer so I feel like the fact that
only 20 minutes of this hourlong
presentation and this is one where they
brought people on stage 20 minutes of
this was spent on hardware and we kind
of already know what's going on with the
hardware with switch 2 obviously we got
to know stuff about the mouse we want to
see some stuff with the UI we got to
know what's going on with NSO get some
new updates but I really think people
are underestimating the amount of games
that they're going to show in here I
think it's going to be like it's a 60
minute presentation we already got
confirmed for the switch 2 direct I
think we're looking at the first 20 to
25 minutes all being Hardware the C
button the mouse controls all that stuff
maybe new NSO stuff the price and the
release date that's all going to be in
the first 25 minutes and then I think
and we'll probably see a game or two
there and I think the rest of it is all
games I really do again shout out to the
2,000 people watching this morning man
this is absolutely positively Wild Man
2,000
people watching at 5 a.m.
incredible JJ donated and said I started
watching Roger for one piece I remember
it was during dress Rosa and now you're
my go-to Nintendo YouTuber as well #
joycon boys bro all these people
donating joycon boys forever # joycon
boys that's amazing man see he's with us
he's with us that's like what I said in
that first hour of the stream man he's
here his hype is emanating through us
he's watching over us man I'm telling
you super chats are going off man this
is incredible I don't uh I better not be
a press conference type thing that they
did last
time well I don't think it's going to be
a I mean they straight up said it's a
direct so I don't think it's going to be
a press conference and I don't think
they're going to be doing the thing
where they're bringing developers out to
talk for a while bro not HB pil for life
super ched setting off the mammoth boys
emote saying I've been a viewer ever
since you reacted to switch 2017's
breath of the Wild trailer it is crazy
to think that it's been over 8 years
since then do you think there's going to
be a one more thing and if so what do
you think it'll be keep up the great
work I think they end with
Mario I think they end with 3D Mario I
do I think I think the next 3D Mario is
going to be something massive that
nobody's expecting and is going to be
gamechanging and I think that is going
to be where they end I think they're
going to end with 3D Mario yeah still
said I want to believe that I really do
think they're going to do
it dinosaur came through dinosaur came
through membership at the naker thank
you so much yo nakama thank you thank
you thank you thank you thank you
appreciate you wow yeah but I I think
it's going to be something that none of
us are even really expecting whatsoever
and I think they're going to end with
that I think the first game we see I
think is Mario Kart I think we're going
to get a third party scorel of stuff
like Elden ring and Final Fantasy I
think you might get a situation ilar to
the switch one direct where they brought
people out from different companies but
you know the one I could see doing this
type of thing where like someone shows
up as a representative from another
company and says we're all in I think
it's Microsoft I think Microsoft goes
hard during this direct I think I think
we're going to get like one of the
higher ups at Microsoft showing up in
the video saying we are fully supporting
the switch 2 here are all the games
we're bringing and you see like Halo and
sea of Thieves and Hi-Fi Rush
and uh yeah probably Phil Spencer it'll
probably be Phil Spencer most likely but
then you're going to get like you know
high-fi rush and uh Halo Master Chief
Collection sea of Thieves flight
simulator Minecraft and they just go all
in that's really what I think they're
going to do yeah rare replay maybe even
I could see that happening uh emry just
super chatted and said do you think
we're going to see cyberpunk on switch 2
I actually think cyberpunk has a pretty
good shot of showing up here I do
considering the fact that they got
Witcher 3 to run on the switch wasn't
great but it still ran on there I could
definitely see a world in which cyber
Punk could cuz also cyberpunk is on PS4
anything that is available on PS4 is
free game for switch 2 your Final
Fantasy 7 remakes your cyber punks any
of that Elden ring all of it all there
all of it
yeah
um cat Melo by the way super chatted and
said do you think we're going to get
golden sun Trilogy I do not no I don't
think we're going to get golden sun
Trilogy we already have two of the
golden Suns available on NSO with golden
sun on GBA NSO and Golden Sun the Lost
age on GBA NSO so the only one missing
is the 3DS one and that'll probably
eventually happen whenever we get 3DS
NSO so yeah but I don't think we're
getting Golden Sun Trilogy uh moui super
chatted and said um Love from Dubai I
love your content so much thank you so
much for all your hard work and I am so
incredibly excited for this direct thank
you very much nak greatly appreciate
appreciate that also K said in the live
chat um Nate the hate said in his
podcast yesterday he actually thinks
there might not be 3D Mario today he
doesn't know but predicts it'll be shown
in a switch to direct later
on I don't know about that I feel like
3D Mario when you're looking at like my
bingo card that we were looking at
earlier open this back up again 3D Mario
seems like one of the few locks there's
there's no doubt in my mind that 3D
Mario shows up here no doubt in my mind
I think it's almost as certain as Mario
Kart I feel very strongly about it maybe
Sushi super chatted and said metr Prime
two and three and five Shadow drop let's
go Metroid Prime 4 started development
it's been restarted again God I wish we
were still here man joyon boys forever
oh you're talking about Metro when you
were I was like what are you talking
about Metroid 5 in development I was
like what do you
mean what do you mean no no no no no I I
mean I don't think they're going to
Shadow drop two or three I do to believe
that Metro Prime 4 shows up here as a
switch 2 Edition fully believe that no
doubt about it I think it shows up here
I think in terms of if I had to guess
five switch two editions that I think
are going to show up here I think xenop
Chronicles X Definitive Edition because
of the 60 FPS mode I think Paper Mario
the Thousand-Year Door is another safe
bet I think breath of the wild Metroid
Prime 4
and then in terms of switch two
editions it's got to be something that I
don't think is going to get like a
longstanding
franchise H not Delta run or silk song
no because those those are games that
Delta Run's still going to be a switch
game that's still coming to switch so I
don't think that's
happening maybe yeah you know what I
could actually maybe See Fire Emblem
being one Fire Emblem three houses
getting one would be kind of cool I
could see that happening Billy Hatcher
and The Giant Egg 4K remaster hey what
oh my goodness gracious exentric sandal
also said I've been a viewer for 12
years I owe a lot of my love for
Nintendo uh to you as well as getting me
into one piece love everything you do
man and here's to the future thank you
Ecentric sandal nak thank you thank you
thank you thank
you we also got another Super Chat from
alleged allergen interesting name saying
I'm watching with my seven-year-old son
and daughter I bought my first switch a
month after they were born and now we're
all big fans of you super hype for
Nintendo Direct and my son wants your
hoodie take your son to Nintendo World
take the the hoodie available at
Nintendo World you can get it Nintendo
World 45 minutes by the way says nintend
on 45 minutes left 45 minutes left do
you think we're going to get 4k docked
yes I know doubt think we're going to
get 4k docked yes yes also I keep seeing
people say something else with like FPS
what is that like 20 FPS or what is this
I was seeing people spam it earlier hold
on hold on hold on what is that 2K 60
docked please I don't even know what
that means to be honest what does that
mean 2K 60 docked is that better than
4K oh handheld you're saying I see I see
I see I see handheld okay oh four oh
1440p is 2K oh yeah well I think that's
going to happen with the screen you mean
1440p running at 60 I could see that
happening for sure for switch to and
then when it's docked you're going to
have 4K absolutely are you going to be
going to any of the switch preview
events yes New York and La I'm literally
on a flight to New York in 12 hours I am
literally going 12 hours from right now
from 5:15 a.m. 12 hours from right now I
will be at the airport on a flight to
New York yes 12 hours from now and in
between that we have this direct we have
Japan time we have all my videos that I
gotta upload and I gotta finish a couple
uh packing a couple things so yeah I'm
busy but my sleep schedule I'm not
actually really that worried about it
because I'm going to sleep on the plane
I'm going to sleep on the plane for sure
and then when I'm on the second flight
cuz I have a flight transfer I'm going
to sleep on that one too so I'm not even
worried at all I think it's going to be
completely okay I'm riding this hype all
the way through I can't wait there's
already 54,000 people in the Nintendo
stream right now wow wow really we got
2,000 people in ours 54,000 over the
Nintendo one this is amazing how are you
not exhausted as a matter of C caffeine
or energy drink I actually fun fact
cannot drink energy drinks I drank one
one in my life 5H Hour Energy when I was
in college cuz I had to stay up late to
write a paper I woke up the next morning
at 1 in the afternoon my heart's still
beating like this and then I went to the
school nurse and they were like bro
don't ever do that again you will die
and so I went okay so no 5H hour
energies for me none of that now I drink
caffeine all the time I drink lots of
caffeine I could drink three four cups
of coffee a day and I'm chilling
caffeine doesn't hit me the same way but
5H hour energies Red Bulls that kind of
stuff not good not good
whatsoever hey hello from Japan say UTA
yo Ohio hello from Japan when do you
think Splatoon 4 will come out that's a
good question I think Splatoon 4 will
come out
fall of this year I think it's fall of
this year or spring of next year and I
think we see a tease of it here I think
we see a tease of Splatoon today I do I
think Splatoon is one of those things
that I think we're going to see a quick
glimpse of and then a release date
window and that's it but I feel like
Splatoon is just one of those things
that is so popular in Japan and they see
as like one of their tent poles
alongside Mario and Animal Crossing in
Zelda
I I don't see a world in which they
don't show that good luck surviving LAX
tonight bro I'm not going to LAX what do
you think I am I'm not flying out of LAX
we're burb Burbank boys I said bur boink
we're Burbank boys baby I don't fly out
of LAX not for not for long trips like
that I can't be flying on LAX not today
I I was not going to be dealing with lax
I said I'm flying out of Burbank we're
going to make this thing happen we're
good I have a change over but that's
fine it's not a big deal bur boink see
now you can see that the time we've been
live is starting to kick in oh man
there's now 100K people on the Nintendo
stream I got to check this out I got to
check this out let's see oh this is my
top 25 switch thing hold on hold on
let's open this close this out let's go
back
101,000 people waiting to watch the
switch to direct right now it's time
boys this is happening top the morning
I'm seeing scuba in here top of the
morning Austin McCormack came through
with the membership as well nak thank
you are you going to be posting your top
25 to uh X or blue sky probably yeah I
might do it later I probably won't do it
right now but I might do it at some
point what was the record for people
watching
directs I want to say it was
like like 700 I want to say I
think I think I think it was like
700 I think it was like 700,000 what's
the record for my
directs I think the most we ever had was
probably the Sakurai one Sakurai one
what was our what was our like height
during the Sakurai one I want to say it
was like 10,000 or something we had a
lot of people in here for the final
Sakurai direct with Sora that direct was
like insane I want to say it was like
10K or 11k or something the most I've
ever had was definitely during solo
leveling solo leveling I don't know how
we're ever going to beat that I just
like hit something in the algorithm when
I was doing those read throughs solo
leveling man I had like 34,000 something
people live concurrent during those solo
leveling streams those were absolutely
insane and I don't know what it was I I
think it was like during the juu island
it was like Prime right at Juju and we
were all at home because it was during
covid so no one had anything else to do
and so everyone was watching and I was
streaming live all day and we ended up
hitting like a crazy amount during one
of those solo leveling ones yeah so I
think that was the the peak I've ever
had on any live stream ever was was
34,000 live viewers yeah Jamie jokes
just came through and said hello from
Wales the hype train never stops oh that
reminds me wait a minute thank you by
the way for donation Jamie that reminds
me I didn't even play for you guys our
hype Train song because you know what
everyone else is thinking come and ride
the train ride it come and ride the
train train uh right it but UA saying
thank you for looking forward to our
Japanese games of course I love Japanese
games and speaking of me loving Japan
let's open this up hold
on this song this song right
here this is going to be the hype Shin
con sense song this will take us we it's
just no room for a train all right this
is the switch to okay no hype trains
we're hype Shin conen boys let's
[Music]
go I'm gy I'm real gy let's
go let's
[Music]
go okay let's go
[Music]
heyy show me the Mario game show me the
new Mario Kart game show me a new Smash
br
[Music]
[Music]
give me the Nintendo
switch bring on today go go
[Music]
Zelda
star Animal
[Music]
Crossing this is it the H content is
pulling into the station bro this is it
we're getting it today man it's
happening
[Music]
woo in that high
[Music]
not
Nintendo anyway that's the hype Shin
consent song people were ask people were
asking how the heck did you find this
all right all right so let me explain
there's a podcast that I listen to
called 84 play that I love that I love I
love love love love love love love 84
play I love them I'm shouting them out
to all of my live viewers right now
2,000 live people watching at 5:30 in
the morning if you don't subscribe to 84
play if you don't listen to 84 play in
the words of the former president of
Nintendo Reggie Fame what is wrong with
you bro 84 play is the best they're the
ones who did the local
for xen Blade Chronicles X they did
localization I believe for a fire emblem
game I think it was Echo they Echo are
awaken I think they did Awakening
actually too I think they did a bunch of
Fire Emblem games they are awesome all
of them are funny to listen to the show
is great they they give great Insight on
Japan and games and Japanese games I
love them they played this song a
different version of this song A version
of the song that I would definitely a
copywritten for if I played it they play
and they translated soccer Eyes videos
exactly I love them so basically they
did a version of this song on the show
and I was like oh that's amazing and I
like the idea of like a shinon send
because so many people talk about
getting on the hype train right but the
hype train we're past that all right
it's 2025 it's all about highspeed rail
all right it's all about let's make
these bullet trains go super fast let's
get us right into the station no more
waiting five years for a Smash Brothers
game just give it to me right now that's
what I mean so that's what we're doing
we're hype Shin consenting our way in
here this is incredible all right thank
you everybody thank you for thank you
for listening and indul inding me with
the shinan sin did you ever ride the
shinon S to get to the Nintendo Museum I
did in fact every single trip I've taken
to Japan I have ridden the shinen every
single trip I love them um Looney Toney
game buffoon become a became a member
thank you very much nak appreciate that
thank you very very much Looney tuny
game buffoon I love your name we got JD
Kurds in here saying super and we got
Lydia saying hype Shin conen this is how
people feel about silk song and how I
feel about Skies of Arcadia if we get
Skies of Arcadia
today I have no idea what I would do if
we got a new Skies of Arcadia game or
even a remaster of Skies of Arcadia that
would be ridiculous thank you by the way
to Jeremy joar for gifting a membership
nakama greatly appreciate it thank you
to Ralph by the way Ralph came through
and said hello 40 this is awesome I love
this I love the fact that my audience is
older Ralph came through and said hello
47-year-old gamer here I love your heart
and your enthusiasm for a Nintendo have
a great direct and good luck fighting
all the sleep bro thank you very much
Ral nak K thank you very much for your
kind words man oh man oh man oh
man that will be weird clipped out of
context though when you end up seeing
the shinin song and us just
dancing man oh man oh man uh when do you
think the switch three will end up
releasing maybe
2033 sure sure 2033 sounds right to be
honest I I really do feel like switch 2
is going to last as long as switch one
did cuz I think we're kind of at a point
of diminishing returns with some of
these modern consoles like the current
generation there's very few games that
you can only play on PS5 or only play on
series X and now that switch 2 is
matching that I feel like that
generation is going to last even longer
I think Sony and and Microsoft are
probably going to want to try to like
get ahead of it but I think a lot of
these developers are like look people
have switches and development costs are
rising and it's super high you look at
the state of the industry right now it's
like why don't we just keep making games
the way that we're making games you can
make games look pretty enough as they
are currently there's no need for all
this other processing power to make it
look ridiculous you know what I mean
it's just it you don't need it you don't
need it Edwin art my guy came through
said my guy I'm off to work but I'm
locked in and ready for your switch
stream today might be the best Wednesday
of all time nak welcome welcome welcome
welcome it's already 10 p.m. here in
Japan so wait so what time it's 10 p.m.
in Japan right so it's like 10:30 in
Japan so the direct is going to happen
at 11: at night and it lasts an hour so
you got to go to sleep at
midnight
dang do you think we're going to get any
Zelda news I think not
Beyond not Beyond breath of the wild
switch 2 Edition I think maybe you get
get like anuma coming on stage or saying
hey by the way we're considering Mak
well not considering even but like the
new Zelda game is in development or
something but please be patient you'll
get more information on that later like
I could see that happening I mean Zelda
Zelda would be a crazy Ender if they
reveal at the end of this presentation
oh by the way the next Mainline Zelda
game is in development and it's coming
sooner rather than later that would be
shocking to me that would be absolutely
shocking to me if we got that yeah I
don't think we will I think there is I
stand with I think there's a chance
maybe bro #m boys for Life bro my man
Doom GC came through with a
$50 donation saying this is a
essentially E3 2025 baby love from
Quebec Prime for at launch switch 2
Edition I'm right there with you have a
good one Roger thank you very very very
much much doom and I am right there with
you complete agreement I think Metro
Prime 4 shows up at launch or near
launch switch to Edition for this thing
I think that's why we didn't see a
release date during the last switch
direct I think it's because the release
date was going to reveal what the
release date for switch 2 is going to be
I also feel like cuz we were talking
about a lot of first-party games earlier
I do want to talk a little bit about
third parties I think there's maybe a
slight chance maybe that we see Dragon
Quest 12 here because that would send
Ripples and shock waves through Japan
specifically if Dragon qu the next
Dragon Quest the next mainl Dragon Quest
which we know is coming to switch to get
shown off during this direct that I
think would be
huge that's about as I mean I'd say
that's probably one of the biggest
exclusive gets you can get for a big
switch to kind of direct I could see
that the only other thing that I think
really that's like that would cause
shock waves in terms of a third party
reveal at this thing that hasn't already
been speculated like I've already said I
think Final Fantasy a given I think
Elden Rings given 30 minutes away bro 30
minutes away we are here one half hour
left we could go watch an episode of One
Piece and then it'll be time dude it's
insane wow
um I I just feel like the only other
really massive thing outside of maybe
Microsoft cuz we know that Microsoft is
going to show up um and probably have
something whether it's like Halo or
flight simulator or whatever I think
another really big get would be GTA I do
not believe at all I do not believe by
the way the stream just started I see
the stream just went live so I got it
open over here now too um I don't
believe in my heart of hearts that we're
ever getting GTA uh switch to I just
don't think it's going to happen I don't
think it's going to happen
but that would be huge if they somehow
brought Rockstar out to say Hey by the
the way uh we're going to bring GTA 6 to
switch
2 even if it's not a trailer even if
them just saying that we're going to do
it would be
mindblowing whereas like every other
third party thing at this point is not
really mind-blowing to me I kind of
expect Baler gate I expect eldering I
expect Final Fantasy yeah do you have
Pillow Sama of course I got pillow Sama
right
here of course Call of Duty is a lock
absolutely that's for the Microsoft
portion um Colin said the switch Saga
has b a heck of a ride with you Roger
from the Smash Bros hype cycle all the
way through Prime 4 thank you so much
for sharing your contagious excitement
for all things video games and here is
to the next Saga nak thank you very very
much man I do this little countdown
timer was such a great idea having that
there also did you notice the font for
the timer it's the same as the font for
my logo but do you know what that font
is does anybody know in the chat any
Nintendo fans recognize the font it's a
very specific font who recognizes it
first one to get it I'll shout you out
why not keep me company for a while uh
Hey a drink to the Past by the way said
I can't stay and watch but I love your
channel and I'll catch all your
reactions later do you think that Doom
the Dark Ages will show up
today yes I do I do cuz that's Bethesda
and that's owned by Microsoft so yes I
do yeah wait Doom is Bethesda right
am I tripping maybe Doom's not path who
does
doom doom Dark
Ages yeah Bethesda okay I'm I'm not I'm
not I was fine I was fine I fine I was
losing it for a second there I thought
so um nobody seems to have gotten it yet
with the font that's kind of interesting
it's not Metroid no not smash not
gameing watch you're close not monol
soft so the font is actually from the
famicom dis system so if you look back
if you look up
famicom disk
system and you look at the font where is
it there you go
see it's the disc system
font you can kind of see it on some of
these other here I'll do like yellow box
so you could see
it let's see no see you can't even see
it like I said this is a deep deep deep
pull but I love it and I feel like
people who know the font know it
immediately and recognize it it's very
very nerdy but yeah this is the dis
system font you know what I would
love I
want I want him and Smash
Brothers put discon in Smash Brothers
that's what I want put him in Smash make
him the next gameing
watch make up the next game watch them
you know what my Smash roster this time
around like characters that I want to he
added is so bizarre I think like this
[ __ ] would be one you know who else I
want aumi tachibana I'll to emo aumi
Tachi bana see if it shows up why is it
not showing
up showing me completely unrelated
characters oh cuz I'm on shopping oh
that's why that's why let me go back let
me go back I was like why is it show me
that all right aumi
tachibana I think throw her and smash
that would be awesome and then have her
Final Smash because she summons emo and
emo just literally kills you he stabs
you to death and puts the bag on your
head or even if they play like if they
play on it where like her standard one
of her side specials is she drops a
paper bag on your head would be kind of
crazy I know she was planned at one
point for melee and then eventually cut
CU that's how we got this uh what's it
called this trophy but I would love to
see her actually as a playable character
would be great oh oh Kaden oh
kayen noticed something Nintendo is
streaming today in
4k
oh let's go confirmed it's right there
look oh good catch man good
catch yeah quality is in 4k for today's
stream
[Laughter]
oh boy it's happening it's
happening it's
happening 4K confirmed right there there
you go boom done lock it in there's no
reason they would be screaming in 4k
unless 4K was in there wow wow wow wow
wow wow wow wow wow wow wow we got
another donation this one Dr claw oh
nice to see you Dr hey are you going to
be at c2e2 Dr claw I hope to see with C2
E2 so basically for everybody watching
right now I'm flying to New York tonight
and then I'm going to be going to the N
the Nyc New York switch to Fan
Experience I'm going to that then I'm
flying from New York to Chicago and then
in Chicago I'm going to c2e2 and on
Friday of c2e2 if you're going to c2e2
chicag uh Chicago ComicCon I'm hosting a
panel with the Japan time guys all about
what I saw at the switch 2 event so I'm
hosting a big panel on Friday like first
thing and then I fly out of Chicago on
Saturday land back here and then I go to
the LA switch 2 experience on Sunday and
so I'll be back here on Sunday of the
switch 2 experience but between that I
got Chicago and New York ridiculous
ridiculous also Winston of dojima
dropped another five gift Subs on the
stream let's go thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank you your
schedule is insane it is to be fair
though well oh I almost leaked something
never
mind almost leaked something I caught
myself don't worry about that don't
worry about that there is I could say
this there's going to be a week in May
in which people who are watching this
are going to be interested in the video
that I'm going to be making in May is
what I can say that I'm going a place in
May and that I think people who like my
Nintendo content will enjoy at least a
portion of this video
that I'm going to be making in miday but
that's the only place I'm traveling in
May I'm going one place in May and
that's it yeah but I do think Nintendo
people will will like it yeah um also
micro dog said kidicarus please also
super random question but if you could
speak one language completely fluently
which would it be Japanese done free
100% lock it in 100% absolutely Japanese
no doubt about it
yeah I'd love to be able to say more
than just like introduce myself and
asking for
directions and and quoting one
piece you know like I want to be able to
actually speak speak so that would be
cool yeah definitely Japanese 110%
couldn't get into the Tokyo event when
is the Tokyo event
happening also Prince says Roger I don't
know if you're going to see this but on
a scale of 1 to 10 how hype are you 12
12 Roger learned from losing that job
opportunity cuz he was Inu exactly
exactly I would never want to miss out
on that ever again
exactly exactly no I mean this is like
Christmas man this is like Christmas to
me yeah in some ways almost better to be
fair cuz I feel like when you're an
adult Christmas is always nice to go
visit with family and stuff but in terms
of hype the hype level when you're a kid
for Christmas is different Christmas as
an adult I feel like is more like
spending time with your family and the
gratitude for those around you and like
being grateful for everything that you
have and like being with each other at
the holidays but when you're a kid you
don't care about any of that when you're
a kid you're like N64 and you're
screaming and you want to get your
presents that's what it is you become
when you're older and the holidays roll
around then it becomes much more
sentimental and nice but that's not
really H I don't I don't get hype for
Christmas I look forward to Christmas is
a beautiful time I get to spend with my
family but I don't get hyped for
Christmas but when you're a kid you get
hyped for Christmas of
course yeah I love it um did people also
see today on the Nintendo Today app that
the video they posted to Hype the switch
2 was them pressing the C button I did
where it also has the little they played
the little like you know the little I
I'll pull it up for people who haven't
seen it yet hold on I think they've
already shown this I'll just type in C
button and find the video on Nintendo
today hold on C button oh there you go
see first Nintendo broadcast in 4k C
button uh what was I looking for
Nintendo to Nintendo today I almost said
Nintendo now let's see this one so this
is the
video that one where they showed this
little thing obviously that's going to
be addressed in this direct today no
doubt about it but I'm curious as to
what it's going to end up being yeah I
can't wait to find
out um
I'm wondering if it's a meerse sort of
thing I mean that would be cool I would
love to have some type of like
connectivity social media type thing
some people are saying they think it's
for capture but we can already capture
stuff with your switch I mean you
literally just hold down the capture
button right over here why not and you
could record your
gameplay cursor maybe you know I
actually saw I watched kitten and
Christa do their predictions and I saw
the thing about capsule and that blew my
mind the idea of like the little things
that you click into your little uh
wireless microphone phones they're
called capsules like the little dads you
put on top of them and I was like wait a
minute wait a minute having like a
capsule idea where it connects to
something on the top of your switch and
it could be like a microphone or a
camera or a second screen or something
that would be wild man absolutely 18
minutes left bro I can't get over this I
can't get over this this is insane Dr
claw just donated again and said this
takes me back to eta's Marathon stream
for the switch reveal this time he knows
what's coming and he'll be reacting uh
to to us finding out yep I'll be at c2e2
by the way and I will see you there
fantastic I cannot wait to see people I
c22 is going to be so much fun this year
I'm telling you it's going to be so much
fun I think the C button is connect two
charging docks underneath the switch a
little faster also kitsu says I'm
calling it now Splatoon 4 with mouse
light controls I feel like the mouse
controls I could see Splatoon being a
Showcase of it I could see
Metroid I could see Metroid being a
thing where they showcase Metroid like
with the
mouse I think that could be one with the
mouse controls I think whatever their
first party smaller IP is going to be
either a new IP or like maybe bringing
back like Mario Paint or Sim City I
think that'll be there too off to watch
the direct but have a great rest of your
stream and reaction see you later you
got it of course my reaction will be
live for everybody right afterwards so
don't even worry about a thing if you're
missing it you're good I'll be here I'll
be uploading all this stuff afterwards
this live stream bro the fact that this
live stream already our live stream
right now already has 40,000 views
already we have 2,500 people in your
watching live and 40,000 views on this
live stream brh this is insane we're
pulling like Ry numbers today man this
is like this is literally like a Ry this
is one of the bigger direct ones
especially because we're at 20 minutes
before usually we end up peeking around
like the Midway Point crazy man 2.5k
insane uh Lloyd just said what if switch
one can be connected to switch 2 like DS
I mean I'd be cool with that something
where you got two screens someone
brought that up earlier I'd be cool with
that yeah Mr rupe said it's almost like
you're a good live streamer hey I don't
think you guys like me or anything I
don't
know almost yo thank you very much
appreciate it appreciate it Steel City
boy 21 just said persona 6 revealed
today they revealed smt at the switch
one could be wishful thinking that would
be crazy man also Winston said yeah
you've been at a thousand the entire
stream minimum I know man I told you
people are hype people are hyped for the
switch too but uh yeah I just I I think
Persona would be mind-blowing if we got
Persona I don't believe that's going to
happen though like I think again if if I
had to say okay because now we're in
like the last 15 minutes let's just
give my top five first party predictions
not like dreams but predictions and then
my top five third party predictions
that's what I'm going to do thank you by
the way to loom Doom coming through
saying we are so close Roger thank you
for all the hype would you'd be
disappointed by the direct if it only
showed launch window games and no
holiday titles wouldn't care at all
wouldn't care at all not at all cuz I'm
sure there's going to be some good stuff
they're not going to have a bad launch
lineup there's going to be something
good to be honest I feel like again the
only things that could disappoint me are
if this thing is more than $500 and if
it comes out at the holiday and doesn't
come out in summer those two things
would get me disappointed
otherwise I think at this point whatever
they end up doing I'm here for for me
ever since I first heard about the mouse
control thing right where there were
rumors and Rumblings about the mouse
joycon I'm like that's the most
brilliant thing on the planet and I
cannot wait for this I cannot wait yeah
but I really genuinely okay so again my
core predictions core predictions
3.99 summer release as early as May 22nd
as late as late June but I think that's
going to be late May late June that
window of 30 days is where we're going
to see this thing is my guess I think
it's three I think it's 3.99 I think
pre-orders go up immediately immediately
like this ends and pre-orders go up done
immediately we're definitely for sure
100% seeing Mario Kart that is for sure
going to be a launch title and I also
think for sure we are seeing the next 3D
Mario those five things I feel very
strongly about and then in terms of
third parties and I also say in terms
it's like a sixth thing I think switch
two editions get addressed here no doubt
about it switch two editions get
addressed here no doubt for sure they
talk about them in some capacity either
breath of the wild Metroid Prime
whatever get shown off here guaranteed
is going to be here that's another thing
switch to additions on the third party
side I I really genuinely think Final
Fantasy 7 remake I really really really
really believe it I think it's here I
think Elden ring for sure is here I
think there's a big Microsoft presence
with everything from Minecraft to Call
of Duty to Halo I think balers gate is
for sure here utilizing the mouse
controls and I and then I'm going to say
I think there's going to be one
shocking new thirdparty
debut for switch 2 one but I think the
majority of the third party stuff is
going to be really high-profile ports or
companies saying they're going to be
making their games moving forward for
the switch 2 um who do you think is
going to be uh presenting this direct
multiple people Doug maybe I think it's
going to be I think it's going to be out
of Japan I think this is almost solely
the Japan team Doug almost never does
the directs I could maybe see him like
showing up and saying something at the
very beginning but I think for the most
part it's going to end up being Japan
yeah um we also got another donation
this one comes from Alex bubble who says
Nintendo is only 15 minutes away let's
go that's right uh I'm trying to think
other stuff that maybe we can end up
seeing here also yes I know we we've
already seen that Nintendo's streaming
it in 4k we're here for it we're ready
um and then in terms of like my lesser
predictions Beyond those locks things
that were from my bingo board I think
sakurai's game has a very very high
chance of being here very high chance
whatever he's working on I think he's
got a high chance I
think I think we see Splatoon I really
do I think we see Splatoon something in
my brain is just telling me we saw
Splatoon too at the beginning of switch
one I think we see Splatoon in some
capacity I
think trying to think of something else
that's like on that tier of things I'm
not certain of as locks but things I
feel pretty confident
about I think we see like an IP
Revival obviously I we're going to see
it new IP that's pretty much a lock at
this point but I think we're going to
see like an IP Revival I think we're
going to see like an f-zero A kidis A
Star Fox not I'm not saying all of them
that would be ridiculous to expect that
but I think like one one IP Revival I do
think we're going to see and I think
they're going to do something really
different with it my guess that I said
in my uh Nintendo Direct prediction
video was Sim City which I know people
were like that's insane Sim City but Sim
City much like Tetris on the Game Boy in
the NES was actually published by
Nintendo when it came out on 64dd in
Super Nintendo and I think a city
Builder would make a lot of sense for
like the mouse controls I've been saying
this I think Sim City it launched with
the Super Nintendo or was there like
near launch for Super Nintendo it was
there at launch for virtual console on
the wiii and it was there around launch
of 64 DD so if it's going to happen it
will probably happen near around launch
and this would be the right time to do
it with something related to the mouse
I've seen a lot of people saying Dragon
Quest 12 exactly Dragon Quest 12 I think
is like a really big third party get I
I'm not betting on us seeing it today
though cuz Dragon Quest Day is coming up
soon right I also see a lot of people
saying this about silk song people are
expecting silk song don't expect silk
song don't do it don't you're setting
yourselves up for disappointment don't
do it I was expecting silk
song last week during the direct but now
I'm like I don't think so Nick just said
no joke I was thinking who would be a
good YouTuber or streamer to watch to
react to this direct and then it hit me
of course I'm going to watch base is the
only option cheers of the switch too man
hey thank you very much appreciate that
Thomas Bachman coming in saying Ice
Climbers Revival for switch to that
would be fire what if that socer next
game
holy I'm looking down here look at this
look at this timer look at this look at
this look at this look at this look at
this look at this look at this look at
this look at this look at this right
here 10 minutes
remain 10 minutes
I got to change this music up you know
what I'm going to put on
now I feel like this is what you have to
play where is
this I know exactly the song I'm looking
for hold on hold on hold on hold on hold
on hold
on we have to play
this here we go
[Music]
let's go it's the final day this is it
it's the final day 9 minutes left until
the Nintendo switch 2 direct 9 minutes
9 minutes
left this is it maybe we get Majora's
Mask remake maybe that's what they can
maybe they do a full maybe it's not oy
enough time maybe they do Majora's Mask
who knows bring it
in I see it already I see the Skull Kid
descending from the sky holding switch
to In His Hands
[Music]
going oh man oh man oh man oh man oh man
why is my heart beating so fast because
it's hype that's why
that's why because it's hype that's why
oh my gosh greetings from the Midwest
and skull longtime viewer first time
donator I cannot wait for the switch to
reveal you are in good company we are
mere moments away 8 minutes until this
direct my heart is beaten like crazy I
don't have a heart rate monitor but I'm
sure if I had a heart rate monitor on
right now it be going like
this we got almost 3,000 people watching
live right now too oh my goodness
gracious 3,000 people watching live at
6:00
a.m. to watch me react to a bunch of
commercials holy mackerel but you know
what I love it I love all of you guys
we're here together in Clock Town on the
final day the moon's about to descend
upon the sky we're waiting we're here
we're we're ready whatever Nintendo is
going to give us let that Moon just
crash down on top of
us give us anything at this point I
don't care $700 switch to on don't do
that actually hold on wait I'm serious
don't do that do not make it
$700 whatever else though I'm good I'm
cool with anything else whatever else
whatever else you want to
give whatever else you want to give us
I've been a long time fan this day is
going to be amazing let's go we love you
Roger thank you very much to everybody
who's watching right now oh my
gosh oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy
this is it there's 7 minutes left of
this era goodbye to the original switch
goodbye you've been lovely you've been
the best you've been my friend for all
these years you've given me so many good
games from Smash Brothers ultimate to
Xenoblade Chronicles Definitive Edition
tears of the Kingdom to breath of the
wild but we're done
now you did well like Tony darkk at the
end of Avengers endgame when pepper pots
is looking at his burned up
face you can rest now
switch you caness
now moment of silence for the Nintendo
switch the greatest video game system of
all time up to this point about to be
taken over by its
successor moment of
silence oh thank you by the way hold on
moment silence interrupted we got a
Super Chat
thank thank you very very much you just
super chated saying it's 300 p.m. in
France I'm ready I predict sea of
Thieves for switch to I think that's
going to happen too I think see if this
is gonna happen you know we got five
minutes left you know we got to play
again you know what we got to play again
I'm putting this back on why not let's
do
it here we
go oh hold on wrong one wrong one wrong
one hold on here we go here we go here
we go here we go here we go you guys
ready hyp stre conent it begins right
now here we go
5 minutes
[Music]
remain Nintendo switch
today on the
[Music]
way give me Smash Brothers and Zelda
give me Mario Kart and 390
whatever you're going to give me I'll be
[Music]
fine know why I'm
[Music]
Shing let's go man we are here we are
here do you understand
[Music]
yes minutes left
we just have four
[Music]
minutes let Don't drink don't forget to
drink water I got this don't drink water
while she stand we got
[Music]
this here we go big finish
[Music]
Pama is
[Music]
ready pillow Sama is ready welcome
welcome welcome three minutes left
everybody I hope you guys are ready I'm
feeling it my heart is pounding I cannot
believe we're here we are actually
finally here shout out to all these
other super chats man tons of people are
coming through I literally can't even
see all the super chats Brandon Davis
just came through and said in loving
memory of Roger's headphones and his
apartment neighbors knocking on the
walls
dude dude that was probably one of the
funniest moments when we did a Pokemon
let's go Pikachu and the neighbor came
and knocked because we were screaming
because we got lick a tongue Master bro
warm your kennel came through to the
mammoth boys Shard poop gifted 10
memberships to the mammoth boys let's go
let's go people let's go let's go I love
seeing all the Japanese viewers here too
this is incredible man thank you so much
everybody shout out everybody in the
chat this is unreal absolutely unreal I
can't believe we're here and again I'm
drinking water AEL lot don't worry about
it Eric's over here saying my boy I'm
glad I get to watch this with you what's
up Eric what's up I see you man Ethan
Schiff saying good morning good morning
good morning we got the pot of coffee at
the ready and I'm excited to see the
beginning of the new era of Nintendo
switch Roberto came through with the
Super Chat and said Roger I am back
sorry I'm at work listening to this I
really do want GameCube NSO I think you
might get it I think you honestly might
get it at this point anything is as
possible at this point whatever we get I
am fine with I can't wait I'm here for
it man this is this is just this is peak
man this is Peak this is
Peak bro Ron and let just came through
and gifted another five memberships
right at the end too dude thank you so
so so so so much once again thank you
again to everybody choosing to watch
this direct for the first time with me I
understand you could be one of these
100,000 people that are watching the
direct the fact that you're choosing to
watch it with me w w I'm very very
grateful thank you all for being here
grael came through with another five
gift memberships thank you thank you
thank you 90 seconds left 90 seconds
left that's all we got I'm ready I can't
wait let's go 90 seconds left this is it
this is it we're coming down on 60
seconds man I cannot believe we're here
people are saying let's go let's go hype
dude the chat is flying right now this
is amazing please don't vomit I'm seeing
people saying I need to vomit please
don't vomit please don't vomit happy to
watch you live hype levels are over
9,000 joycon boys for Life joycon boys
forever absolutely watching from Japan
watching from Germany watching from
Austria watching from India watching
from New Zealand this is insane
3,500 live viewers Ricky my man Ricky is
in here from day one my ride or die from
college my man Ricky welcome welcome
welcome 42 seconds I better click my
recordings man if I want this stuff
recorded I better start start recording
this right now cuz otherwise holy
mackerel okay recording is going
everything's looking good everything's
there I think we're chilling let me
close this out I'm G to close close out
whatever oh my gosh that jump scare
thank you by the way to E Taylor saying
here's to a new era of gaming happy to
spend it with you Roger let's do this
let's go let's go let's go let's go
let's go oh man oh man oh
[Music]
man we are here a new life awaits us 40
seconds left I know I was jump scared by
the by the count bro ACO coming through
$200 right at the very very end do you
believe we'll ever receive a white
version of the switch 2 kind of
something iridescent like the we color
scheme would be really nostalgic try to
decide try to decide what
I 15 seconds left trying to decide when
to buy the new Switch which would be my
first ever switch happy 500k my dog and
nak K thank you AC yo come in with a
$200 donation in the last 10 seconds of
the stream bro okay here we
go okay here it is volume all the way up
I'm cranking it brace for impact
Nintendo switch 2 it begins here it is
the new era show me what you got rating
pending to mature okay what do you got
for me let me know what do you got for
[Music]
me interesting they got a new Nintendo
Direct
opening that's kind of cool with the
little
blocks okay I like the new
[Applause]
[Music]
intro very fancy looks like Lego blocks
a little bit Nintendo Direct Nintendo
switch 2 I love it all
right oh Mario Kart oh what did I say
they're opening with Mario Kart bro it
looks amazing too look at the lighting
okay hold on I got to hold on to my
pillow
now so this is obviously the track we
saw before the music though look at this
character model
yaho he looks even squishier than he did
before Pauline Berto okay I'm looking
I'm looking I'm looking I'm like new
characters my eyes are
DED okay let's see Luigi all
right I love this Peach design they're
using too Yoshi Yoshi's looking kind of
different too his eyes look
speedboats okay oh oh like DK gers oh
man oh dude look at this like Savannah
area look at the canals with the speed
boats oh my
gosh what is that giant temple with a
warp
block okay we got Bowser Jr
cute King look I love the design of this
too look like an old movie
theater there is so much going on in
this
mooo the moooo
cow the moooo cow is playable Hammer
Brother the mumu
cow what in the what was that by the
wonderf
flowers bro what in the [ __ ] what is
this what is going on to get
outfits oh man
oh what's it called is it
nine oh it's not nine Mario Kart
World the costumes look amazing hello
everyone I'm K there is so much there
the speed Bo the little cow Nintendo
Direct Mario Kart World world the
producer for Nintendo switch 2 okay Koto
DOTA the direct for Nintendo switch
Kisha welcome and I'm TS bro that looks
so design lead for Nintendo some of
those courses were like amazing the the
Venetian Canal Mario Kart World
launching exclusively on Nintendo switch
2 Oh I thought they were going to S
launch day now what do you think this
brand new Mario Kart game will be like
tell us I don't know bro I love that
they got right into this look at the
plane a brand new entry in the Mario
Kart series is launching exclusively on
the Nintendo switch Lau welcome to this
vast World dude cart races are held
throughout various regions that span the
globe so oh
man depending on the time of day and
weather conditions the atmosphere will
change okay so weather conditions are
going to change I love the costumes
nabit okay we got nabit in there the
Penguins the Penguins the penguins are
playable the Penguins RAC track and
drive virtually everywhere in this
world bro I predicted the look at the
art oh my gosh dude classic Grand Prix
race through four courses in a bid for
first place okay they have seven of
these The Oasis one looks amazing sleep
at the wheel bro you'll also drive to
the next course the remix of what is
what is Warrior wearing with 24 drivers
in each race the most Series history the
competition is gear and they got toad
Factory introducing knockout tour okay
what in the world race non-stop from one
corner of the world to another this is
is cool I love
this can you set custom there are M
checkpoints along the way uh-huh if
you're below the plac shown when you hit
a checkpoint you'll be
eliminated okay so it's kind of like
it's kind of like fzero in that sense
you know an f-zero where like you're
playing 99 and then it cuts down when
you're doing the Grand Prix it's a
little bit like that you can also freely
drive around this vast World in free
Ro so you don't even have to it's a
giant open world you can explore new
areas and routes bro so drive wherever
your heart takes
you you can also go for scenic drives
with friends and even take photos
together different
locations off-roading and all the
customization stuff this looks insanely
good oh
man yeah NAB it I can't get over the
penguins being racers the pengs and the
cow dude world the Arts the game
Launches on the same day as an intendo
what did I say bro more details about
this title will be shared in an upcoming
Mario Kart World so be on the lookout
for more information I told y'all day
one switch launch they were not messing
around switch to launch obviously I'll
be reacting to this Mario Kart World on
the same day as nintend and they said
we're going to take our time later cuz
we got 60 minutes we don't want to
you're looking forward to yes yes yes
yes yes yes yes good strongest possible
way they could have started get that out
of the way immediately introduce some of
the new features of Nintendo switch so
good
man these are the joyon 2 controllers
for switch 2 uh-huh oh
man and on the right joycon 2 the C
button we've added a new jump right to
it this is
great let's take a look at some new
experiences it offers this is crazy I
can't get how good Mario Kart World
looks
offroading oh I love the new
attach
uh-huh I'm still ahead of all of you
guys okay that was me that was you oh
there's your dedicated voice
chats there you go there's dedicated
voice chats wait no
no oh man oh man oh man oh man people
called
[Music]
this introducing game new Fe for
Nintendo switch
2 hey what's up can you hear me
hello hi missed you with this feature
you'll be with friends and family while
playing a game they were like reacting
to when you're saying something
too it's also cool it says enter the
chat while using the game chat feature
your voice is recognized by a microphone
built into the system oh okay but you're
still behind me right bro we speak too
it can pick your speaking voice clearly
even from a distance they said we're not
we're not making we speak anymore
there's no way it's still going to pick
it up from that when it's noisy around
you your voice will still come through
clearly letting you chat with East hit
by a
boat okay nice nice it does look
beautiful it's and I'll believe this
when I test mode to yeah it's like with
friends and family screen you open the
chat menu and turn on game screen
sharing bro what the heck you can also
share your screen did you see someone
just like go on top of that dinosaur it
really is like Discord built in guys
just did look at the oh shoot oh oh he
trying to eat me he trying to eat me
okay I got in I got in oh no no no no no
no no
y okay oh my God oh my God chat to your
heart's oh even while playing different
games it's New Horizon they're showing
you could do it with the switch one
games New Horizons Mario Wonder NSO and
what was the other one I missed the
other one Kirby Kirby and the Forgotten
land and you can all play different
games with each other that's kind of
nice actually Pikman Donkey Kong Country
you can adjust the size my eyeballs are
searching guys I'm lost like where did
you
go and you can expand somebody
oh that's kind of oh I was looking a
little chunky for a second there
though almost there it's just like the
wall like if she gets past the wall this
is where I have to do a little wall ride
okay okay this could definitely be cool
though everyone can watch them play like
I don't necessarily know if this is a
feature that I will use
regularly but it is genuinely very cool
okay oh nice let's take a picture here
I'm so curious though how the voice is
going to pick up if blending something
in the background on the right joyon 2
controller there's an additional button
uhhuh with the c button you can pull up
a chat
menu oh dang really actually guys uh I
got a call coming right now so uh I'll
be right back yeah sure here you can
quick easily mute yourself and more
what by connecting this camera to the
system
bro hey what's up what in the
world this feels like some out of 3DS
everyone doing good it's all like green
screen out and while playing a game what
the you got the little camera face at
you
bro here's how it looks with just the
camera bet can you wait for me please
look new Mario use your camera feet like
a minute wait a minute that's a new
Mario Party is that jamere oh no that's
jamere never mind that's jamere I'm
tripping I'm tripping I'm tripping that
was jamere that was jamere that was JY
that was
jerey that was jerey using game chat
even when you're aart you can play games
and hang out as if you were together in
the same room play together this would
have been good back in
2020l
games brother did not play jamere I love
jamere I talked about how it was one of
my favorite games earlier in the Stream
I love it I just didn't recognize my
brain's not working I've been live for 6
hours Retro Game competition this is so
interesting too with the little circles
the sports competition between
families together it's also interesting
that they're focusing on this that it's
all like switch one stuff they were
showing all switch one games and they
were showing Mario Kart what did you
think so they didn't want to spoil
anything in developing game chat our
goal was for you to enjoy playing online
with others more closely including
family and friends the camera thing is
together in the same place I don't even
know like if that's an additional thing
or if it just comes with it the camera
you saw in the trailer is the Nintendo
switch 2
camera which will be available on the
same same day but I don't think it's
packed in I don't think it's packed in
yeah that's true it'll be a little bit
like Mario Kart arcade onine membership
will be required to that's fine we know
that's going to happen anyway that's
fine you need it to play online that's
fine since we'd like as many people as
possible to experience game chat it will
be available without a membership for a
limited time oh so this is kind of going
to be try it out
oh I read that for game chat supports
the Nintendo switch parental controls
app and different settings can be
adjusted for example whether parental
permission is always required when a
child wants to use game chat play
friends that's pretty good that it lasts
till next year new experience you can
share with family and friends
okay on Nintendo switch even if you just
have one game you can pass a joy-con
controller to a friend and play together
right but but on Nintendo switch 2 you
can play together locally on multiple
systems using just one game that's nice
I like that with game share that's cool
sh here that require multiple screens
can be played if one person I love that
this is old games too game share you can
tempor adding features tot also have
Nintendo switch 2 or a Nintendo switch
system you share game with up time it
works with the switch lights game share
also supports online play with other
switch 2 systems and you can use it with
friends via game chat which we showed
earlier oh yeah look at this game share
can only be used with compatible games
sure starting with a free update big
Academy clubhous games and Bowser
Fury game share support has also planned
for select games of natur Nintendo they
wouldn't do this and not have it for
switch 2 stuff up
next we'd like to show you the Nintendo
switch 2 system itself okay good show us
the UI take a
look make it look nice bigger screen
same thickness let's go at 7.9 look at
the speed has a bigger built-in screen
here's how that compares to Nintendo
switch the system's thickness Remains
the Same
[Music]
cool with approximately double the
pixels compared to switch you can enjoy
games in Greater detail on the 1080p
screen okay
okay what is it outputting in a dock
what's it
outputting 120 FPS the screen supports
up to 120 frames per second allow for
smoother gameplay and supported titles
what the heck are you even playing in
120 FPS I don't think I've ever played a
game in 120
FPS Vivid LCD HDR
support o that does look HDR ding more
between light and dark areas of the
images m m
M the allnew joy-con 2 controllers
connect magnetically awesome we knew
this magnets keep the control oh I love
that you can't yank them out you have to
hold the button down detach your control
easily by pressing the no accidentally
sliding it out nice nice nice nice
nice good that's also good I hated the
little buttons on the old joint comfort
and control when playing with a joy I'm
so happy how much of this is backwards
compatible
all the switch one stuff have in those
features the left and right sticks are
now larger
nice bro yes yes yes each joycon 2
controller can be used as a mouse to
play with compatible games both the left
and right joycon 2 support Mouse
controls double mice we're double
mousing this thing up by adjusting the
audio balance between the ranges sounds
from the built-in speakers are clearer
and more natural in handal and horse man
it has a built-in microphone voice the
headphones any time via game chat so
interesting that it negates the noise
also uses noise cancelling technology to
filter sounds so your voice through
clearly to I got to test
that I'm sure there's going to be a way
that we can test that expi you don't
have a surround sound system games can
be enjoyed with more immersive
3dimensional sound as if it were coming
from all around
you hear in the rain
playing OverWatch is going to be op on
switch 2 with double mice bro when you
get Marvel Rivals double moused up it's
over bro look at the Nintendo switch 2
however you like look the character
stury stand you can move it freely like
this I love the new kickstand that's
great two USB ports great good good in
addition to the USB a golf course the
bottom of the system there's one on top
as well nice charging from the top is
going to be super helpful it's handy I
can't go over the camera I never in a
million years would have expected the
camera thing in this never charging in
tabletop
mode nice to be fair that's how I play a
lot of the time I lay in bed and I have
a little charger back there Nintendo
switch 2 comes with 256 GB of internal
storage eight times that of Nintendo
Swit your downloads great save data and
more good stuff 256 writing data is also
faster good cuz you can obviously still
add more too but that's great good good
good use the Nintendo switch 2 DOC to
connect to your TV and enable up to 4K
resolution compatible games that's it
that's all I needed H I need also
supported TV
[Laughter]
mode oh that's all I
needed the Nintendo switch 2 doc has a
built-in fan that keeps your system cool
that's also interesting there's a fan in
here okay
uhhuh obviously the only things that are
excluded stff but all look I mean
everything Major isint G they
just games are supported
bro
bro I love the new little show I got to
see the new Pro Controller cuz now that
we know the mouse controls are confirmed
I want to see the double
mice okay
they're they're moving through a lot of
just saw Nintendo switch 2 isn't simply
an improved Nintendo
switch we redesigned the system cool fan
in the dock is also kind of wild
features yeah it's only been 18 minutes
help players the switch to hard we're
currently developing this
game Mr
kaoto hello my current location is
actually inside the game itself
what this isend Swit welcome T so this
is like their astrobot basically the
thing that's like built in with it
maybe I'm standing over here what in the
world everyone join me inside the
game quizzes there little joint what is
this let's examine
them the new IP is welcome tour where
are the
magnets okay so this has to be packed in
this is obviously built inem with
magnets
and those magnets are inside the system
that's good that they did this though
the SL and Sr buttons on the joycon 2
are made ofal they're playing a game to
basically teach you all the different
features the Swit dude I love the magnet
thing is awesome yeah the manual is
essentially a g they won't easily
detach through examining signs like
these you can discover all sorts of
secrets about Nintendo switch 2 get
little quizzes another example the
joycon 2 controllers have Mouse controls
and when combined with the gyroscopes
you can even do something like
this you can adjust the position of the
golf club and aim for the cup basically
the different ways you try things yeah
this definitely seems like a packin for
sure I think this is probably odd like
every gyroscopes I can't imagine they
would sell this separately cuz it is
like a tutorial how to use the syst as
you're playing mini games and Tech
demos yes there you go see they're
calling from the unique features of the
system to Tiny details you might not
notice until they're pointed out there
are plenty there are plenty Nintendo
switch 2 Welcome tour will launch as a
paid digital game on the same day as
Nintendo switch 2 so please check it out
if you're interested oh so it's not a
pack in now I'd like to share some more
information regarding Nintendo switch 2
okay o I like the red is a game card for
Nintendo switch 2 titles oo okay it's
the same shap obviously makes cards but
it's now shocked they're making you data
reading
speeds next up is additional
storage switch 2 will only work with
micro SD Express cards it's fine they're
a different type of SD card and will
make high-speed data transfers
possible can't you use one please note
that regular micro SD cards used for
Nintendo switch will not be compatible
but Micro SD the ex one that's not what
you use for cameras transfer data from
switch to switch 2 you can log your
Nintendo account to use the system
transfer feature with this feature you
can transfer save data digital games and
more a lot of that stuff probably won oh
here we also releasing Pro Controller
weird it doesn't look like it breaks it
has a c button which launches game chat
and on the back there are new GL and gr
buttons which you can use to assign
existing button controls interesting so
it's not going to split and them UPS an
audio jack has been added
interesting we' introduced a few new
features and after today's presentation
the official Nintendo switch 2 website
will go live there will also be an ask
the develop ask the developers they got
to bring back more of these I love
development having audio jack
controllers also you'll check that out
as
well and now the Nintendo switch 2
launch
date nintend Nintendo switch 2 Launches
on June 5th before summer game Fest much
looking forward to the day when you all
get to experience it so please a bit
longer yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
yes now it's literally before summer
game Fest broadly
speaking on Nintendo switch 2 you can
play three types of games yes yes the
first to is Nintendo switch 2 games June
5th is great these games take advantage
of the performance and features of
switch 2
uhhuh the second type is compatible
games that were released on Nintendo
switch we know this switch 2 Edition
here we go nintend switch Edition games
here we go here we go here we
go some games that were released on
switch will receive upgraded versions
that offer things like improved visuals
wild ways
to and more watch oh now i' to show you
the Nintendo switch 2 edition Mario part
people were making fun of Mee it was it
was the jeree switch 2 Edition I knew it
looked new
Super Mario Party jere is getting people
were making fun of me saying you never
play jere I'm like yes I did it's my
favorite Mario this on the base game and
adds new features including Mouse
controls okay okay okay okay okay audio
recognition I bet you this will probably
be like a discounted upgrade then if you
already have jamere and gameplay that
uses a camera camera thing is so wild to
me all of which can be accessed on
switch 2
let's check out new and up you what I
could see them doing I could see them
doing a thing where like first up the
upgraded version of your base Nintendo
switch game players join the your NSO
online sub to see as you play so you can
experience all the reactions but I don't
think it's going to be a base
subscription I think it's going to be
like a highend your friends can take the
party
online like see the camera stuff I to me
that wouldn't be enough bows but this
new mode looks the team wins there's no
way this thing is 700 bucks there's 0%
chance I'm tell there's zero% collect
the most coins there's no way guide an
RC car with your
voice I love incorp the
Mario mov and sound finally take a ride
on the mouse controlled Carnival coaster
okay with the safety bar lowered and
secured you're off let go that's so
weird use Mouse controls to shoot down
en while feel the bumps and rumbles that
would actually be fire if they were
making
that I'm still sticking I think it's I
think it's 399 I really do maybe it's
450 but I don't I don't see it going
past 500 happening and one where you
shake a can of spray paint and quickly
tag like there are some really cool new
features but I don't think it's enough
enjoy the don't think I don't think it's
enough to push it past 500 I think you
guys are worried for station I'd be
shocked from that use a camera dude
don't even don't even don't even put
that in The Ether Lance don't even and
Rumble the biggest party yet I saw Lance
in my chat say Super Smash Brothers
switch Edition and they add a bunch of
new character Edition don't do to me
don't do it to Mees on Nintendo switch 2
July 24th okay so this comes out soon
after all right Nintendo switch 2
players who already own superar Jam can
upgrade to Nintendo switch 2 Edition
plus jamere TV by purchasing an upgrade
pack how much is it though you got to
give me the price of the upgrade pack
please look forward to a new Mario Party
experience where you can see each
other's reactions while
playing let's continue presenting some
more Nintendo switch 2 Edition
games bro bro what did I say dude I knew
it Nintendo switch 2 editions of The
Legend of Zelda breath of the Wild and
the of the
Kingdom feature enhanced resolution
I thought it was just going to be the
wild which makes the more vibrant so you
can play with smoother higher Graphics
now these I'm upgrading I'm upgrading
for both of these Plus for sure you can
get even more your adves in Hyrule using
Zelda notes also I bet like Mouse
controls with tears of the Kingdom with
the building probably the Nintendo
Switch app on Smart devices okay it's a
game specific service that's exclusive
to the switch two editions of these
titles okay for example it can help
guide you to various I didn't think it
was going to be tears of the Kingdom too
though I really thought it was just
going to be breath of the wild
activating proceed
[Music]
North or you can share your Creations
using QR codes and send them to another
player to create in their
game I wanted this in the first game
when I made my Metal Gear you could all
literally use my hopefully my save data
carries over bro you could all make my
Metal Gear everyone can make my Metal
Gear these features will make your
adventures even more enjoyable this is
really good good good good good
good they are hammering out some of
these they said we got a lot of these
that we can make add Kirby in the
Forgotten land to with a new story okay
with improved graphics and frame
rates what in the
world that's a lot of games already
after being struck by a power Kirby
breath of the wild here of the Kingdom
jamere Metroid it's got to be the other
one for sure Mouse controls Metroid for
to's i' be
[Music]
shocked this looks nice though Metroid
bro I nailed this I nailed this in my
prediction video I was like it's going
to be Beyond and breath of the wild
they're going to show both I said it was
going to be on this I said it let's go
all these people there's no way they're
going to show Metroid they just did it
no wrong shut up stupid standard
controls you can use Mouse
controls good good good good good look
how good it looks plus you can explore
the immersive World in 4 FPS HDR Metroid
Prime 4 smoother action in full HD at
120 frames per second beautiful and
that's in handeld mode great both of
which support HDR based on your
preference see but then obviously
everyone's just going to get the switch
2 Edition oh finally oh Pokemon Legends
Z which is scheduled to Launch
will not only receive a Nintendo switch
version a Nintendo switch 2 Edition as
well yes taking advantage of Swit you
can enjoy your adventure in it does look
a lot smoother like this dudes yes
sir yes sir the Nintendo Swit we're
obviously playing Legends and Metric
Prime for beond and digital
versions and if you already own the
Nintendo switch version of a game you
can play the Nintendo switch 2 Edition
by purchasing an upgrade pack the legend
Za one makes me so happy hope you're
looking forward I was convinced they
were not going to make a switch 2
Edition knowing how Pokemon company is
I'm like I'd like to introduce a brand
new game featuring Mouse controls with
the joyc 2 controllers okay show us the
mouse con please take a look we're like
just about to hit 30 minutes there's a
lot of stuff in
this be a new IP or something
what in the
world with your mouse controls you're
doing
basketball wheelchair
basketball this is their new IP drag
drive that actually looks like it could
be fun so you're basically doing this
okay okay I'm down to try hopefully we
get to play this at the switch 2
event Henry yo my my buddy's name is
Henry he was an arms champ too I'll play
this with
him this seems like this could actually
really fun Imagine though after like 5
minutes you're just doing this like
this I'm just I'm imagining a future
smash character where he's you're
Wheeling against the stage and you throw
the basketball in someone's
[Music]
face looks kind of fun though it's a
it's got like a little bit of a rocket
League Vibe though with like the ramps
it's almost like Nintendo's doing like a
try at Rocket League a little bit but
instead of obviously soccer they're
doing basketball which to be fair I like
basketball more summer all right so
that's so this is like their arms
equivalent then this is going to be
their arms equivalent that looks pretty
fun in Dragon Drive you'll use both Joy
drag and drive P drag X
Drive TST on three on matches Mouse
controls okay I love the little
animations here are some games from our
publishing and development partners
coming to Nintendo switch 2 we're flying
okay bro what did I say elen ring bro
what did I
say what did I say what did I say what
did I say the first freaking thing you
were going to see in this direct was bro
what did I say I said this for years and
people are like no no no no no no
they're not going to do that shut up
listen to Rogers base I told you bro I
told you bro I'm playing this all over
again I I didn't get the chance to
stream Elden ring the first time and
then I played through all the shadow of
the air tree if there is any exclusive
content in this at all I'm streaming the
whole thing I'm streaming the whole
thing may you take the throne tarnished
Edition okay bro yes yes yes day one I'm
the there I'm there I'm there I was
cooking dude I really think I'm going to
get
that giant games here to say that hes
2 this is good they're like taking 30 to
60 seconds an imortal to good good good
good gets I wonder if they're going to
have like Ed exclusivity with the
console version cuz they did with Hades
one and that obviously did well for them
damn you guys we might get silk song
actually it's the kind of game now I'm
sitting here I'm like wait a minute wait
a minute the original or not look for
more about Hades 2 later this year
okay Street Fighter Street Fighter
Street Fighter or Monster Hunter could
be I'd be shocked if it was Monster oh
let's
go yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
yes yes yes yes yes yes
yes good stuff and so you're going to
have the fighters Edition and have all
the oh good stuff
man with amiibo they're doing Jamie and
Kimberly and Luke amiibo same day is
switch to oh bro bro bro initiating
Arsenal boot sequence weapon safety
mechanism confirmed all operating at
normal levels testing data link with
what new monol wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait wa wa wait after two long Wars
where our freedom was restricted we will
what what this looked like a monol game
from you they said they're development
Partners I'm like what the heck that
looks new equipment and money Arsenal
I'm for sale and you're buying
Rebels am I tripping or does this look
like
Xenoblade this planet will be ours maybe
I mean maybe Platinum I can see this
being a platinum game too the Trin but
the faces completed a weapon look xen to
destroy all this looks fire dude because
we're in the middle of a war don't you
get it
I won't just stop you I'll tear you
apart all children bring hope to our Liv
okay oh yes yes yes yes yes I forgot
about that game we talked about hey this
is from hazelight I'm super excited for
split Fiction come swi the game is about
friendship you play as Mi who El fantasy
such good they get trapped in I really
that was aade game for a second though
when I saw the looks of those other
characters I was like what is this but
it's a new d x you're going to love this
one fiction a great choice of really
really to play split fiction on the day
switch to on the day it comes out to EA
Sports of course we're bringing fans
together across the world there you go
they said we are bringing the sports
games back we excited to announce that
Sports FC will be coming to Nintendo
switch M comes Madden finally this is
going to make a lot of people very happy
very very very happy it's in the game
good flew right through that hi I'm alen
from Avalanche software be oh the new
they're probably going to have a swi
edition of this didn't they have a they
had the switch one version graphics and
seamless World well but are they going
to do like never before switch 2
editions and the new mouse controls on
switch 2 give you even more ways to
experience the ad see they are I feel
like balers Gates got to show up
discover the enhancement when Hogwarts
Legacy Launches on the seems like a big
one same day as switch 2 that's another
big get captain is that M supposed to be
on that's a good one too very
good I remember playing Tony Hawk launch
weekend of the GameCube people had
GameCube this is
cool that's cool they got Tony
Hawk again I got Elden rean Mario Cart
I'm chilling bro I'm good until whenever
the next Mainline game is I'm fighting I
don't need I have I need anything else
I'm
good a few moments later
SpongeBob Tony Ox Pro Skater 3 and four
plus SpongeBob
okay
hello I
interactive they really are moving Qui
Hitman of course assassination to
Nintendo switch 2 sure
sure as the best assassin in the trade
Agent 47 does everything he can I
actually never played any of these games
though this might be a good opportunity
to actually try will vary depending on
the players
imagination our ever expanding game will
release on the same day as switch 2 okay
same
day plus we are excited to bring another
familiar agent to the
platform this is the James Bond game
this is I was wondering when we were
ever going to see this oh shut up this
got Talked oh my god dude if they revive
golden ey oh shut
up we knew oh my
God you are kidding me you are kidding
me James Bond the world's favorite spy
is coming to Nintendo switch 2 so stay
tuned I need more information oh bro oh
oh oh and Shadow that never F oh oh no
scared out for a second this bravely
this Bravely Default bra default I had a
heart attack for a second it looked like
Final Fantasy 9 for a second oh my God
featuring the commands that help you
control the flow of turn-based oh man oh
man oh man customized jobs to build out
your very bring it back Roger bring it
back really back enjoy your adventure
with upgraded features and advancements
dude and all new Mini the James Bond
game is a good G that's also so smart
when you think of like the Nintendo IP
think gold the
RPG default Flying Fairy HD remaster set
foot in Luxor Warrior of light I'm kind
of surprised that didn't already
exist yes yes the like dragon games
yes okay good
stuff good good good good good this also
makes a lot of sense considering kiwami
was a huge deal
like when they brought that over to
switch that game sold very well so I'm
happy to see this available same day
great we'll have more games to show from
our publishing and development Partners
but for now we'd like to show a game
being developed in collaboration with
Nintendo please take a look in
collaboration compan for a while
there'll be plenty of time for war oh
this a new Warriors game probably
oh tears of the Kingdom hyu Warriors
when the zonai who descended from the
with raru and stuff I do love age of
Calamity I would be a sucker for this I
will definitely play this tears of the
Kingdom Warriors is a good choice very
good choice they got to do Agent K oh
yeah and you can play a samurai
Ganondorf this would be good was to yes
yes one future ations would
call the imprisoning
war
okay perhaps you so the imprisoning war
oh you play Zelda is the
main the music's great so far
too so that's hyal Castle the story that
led into tears of the Kingdom that must
mean this really is the
past oh this is going to be cool play
with the ancient Champions and rawu and
stuff oh man it's probably going to be
good too on switch to hopefully it's not
going to run like
horribly dude the new ganador you got
the old all the underground stuff is
going to be in
there this is a this is very smart of
them to do this first this also feels
like a first year kind of thing yeah
it's like a
midc that's going to be cool but there's
obviously going to be some time thing
where then they going to use the other
characters that's a
age of imprisonment hyra Warriors that's
cool that is a cool cool cool game I
like that coming this winter cool there
you go I mean we're playing Pokemon this
winter so that's like Pokemon Metroid
that was hyro Warriors AG of
imprisonment I like that it's being
developed by COA techmo games with
support from
Nintendo we hope you're looking forward
to the untold story of the imprisoning
war that'll be fun which took place
Hyrule long ago we'll see how much of it
is actually made Canon though you play
age of Calamity now some news about
Nintendo switch
online you can continue to enjoy
Nintendo switch online on switch 2
Gamecube GameCube Nintendo switch online
GS and free
upgrades you can enjoy a new membership
benefit exclusively on switch 2 please
take a look at it's GameCube it's
GameCube it's GameCube it's going to be
melee it's GameCube
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Nintendo switch online plus expansion
will be getting a new classic game
Library exclusive to Nintendo switch 2
Nintendo me the
in here are the titles that will be
available at launch a legend of game
looks like a
cartoon cell
shading wind using a mysterious Bon link
set sail on an adventure across the
great SE The Legend of Zelda The Wind
Waker oh my God caliber 2 with link tale
of Soul Max is going to be paying out
those gift Subs bro St caliber 2 with
link are you kidding me each fighter
comes equipped with a are you kidding
from The Legend of Zelda series enters
the holy crap man Soul Caliber
2 experience a world of white Knuck
racing at speed over
2,000 this is too much this is too much
FZ GX Wind Waker and Soul Caliber 2 they
are they are killing and story mode
these are all good this is also going to
be great with save states I'll tell you
right now zero GX with safe States is
going to be real nice supp multiplayer
up to four can play together locally or
online oh my
gosh enjoy these classic games with so
they're opening just with those first
three on day high resolution than the
original releases okay you can also
check the control for each title and
customize them to your liking okay
that's going to be nice when they
eventually add melee more titles poon XD
oh my God oh my I just was talking oh my
God
gum Nintendo GameCube Nintendo Classics
the switch 2 exclusive game Library
coming to Nintendo switch online
expansion pack we're winning right now
laes we now as the Hardware's release oh
my God and a dedicated controller
designed
the original GameCube
controller my gosh it can
conect also has a c button to quickly
access game
chat the Nintendo GameCube controller
exclusively available for Nintendo
switch online XD playr is happening it's
happening on the YouTube channel when
this drops Pokemon Coliseum and XD both
getting streamed they're both getting
playr 100% 110% they're both getting
playthroughs so caliber 2 is crazy that
you can play that online with link of
course you can continue to play select
games from the systems shown here on
Nintendo switch gosh man okay let's see
some more games from our publishing and
development they're cooking they're
cooking
now oh my God Delta
run day one day one when are we getting
it when are we getting it
[Music]
I wonder if they're going to do like a
physical version then for switch to
undertales parallel St oh man I loved
obviously the first two chapters are
like incredible Spanton song is great oh
man
[Music]
chapter 3 is waiting chapter 4 is
waiting Delta room is
waiting launch day oh my gosh and it's
oh man hi I'm Randy from gearbox
Borderlands 4 our upcoming Flagship
Borderlands game Del and on launch day
Borderlands is bad they are cooking Lo
and shoot your way this is obviously a
huge deal to a lot of people I don't
really care about Borderlands but this
is obviously a very big
get already the most ambitious
Borderlands game we've ever made
Borderlands 4 will launch in 2025 we'll
be sharing a lot of the game in the
months ahead and there's more from 2K on
the way okay hi I'm Dennis Sher from
foris
games Nintendo switch edition of Sid
Meers civilization right CU isn't there
one that's on regular switches do work
very well establish an Empire and guide
your people throughout the ages of
History po
and colum are actually coming that was
like my dream that those two games would
come bro we're for sure getting like
Kirby
air and Mele it's controls on switch by
purchasing the we're getting them bro
and we have even more news from
2K hi okay I'm L Jinx and I'm Ben Bish
oh NBA our final announcement for today
is that WWE 2K is coming to Nintendo
okay NBA 2 as well of course of course
of course that's not a huge shock we
knew that and on the okay I like that
they're moving quick through
this four kids find this old tattered
man off they went armed with nothing but
youthful enthusiasm and a profound lack
of preparation boom terrible at steering
around okay let's slay some
trcks uh-oh awesome stream is chugging
wait a minute wait a minute wait a
minute put line and sink wait wait a
minute hold on hold on hold on hold on
hold on hold on wait a
minute and sink wait what's happening no
no no no no no don't do this don't do
this don't do this no no no started to
master this it's chug really have
started to master this survival thing
next why is it doing this this is the
official stream wait hold on hold on
hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on
hold hi I'm Dave Cooks from dooll no
it's frozen it's everybody here's the
first look at it's the actual video
school a name for the gune steps in no
way it's stuck for everybody Nintendo
literally broke YouTube it's freezing
for everyone it's frozen
bro Delta Rune broke the net check
Nintendo de okay okay Nintendo
de okay okay yeah
okay oh
okay that worked wow shout out coming
through with the save man thank you very
much oh there it is there it is there it
is it's back it's back it's back for
everyone
again wait no see it is still
chugging wait wait wait wait wait I am
going to go to Nintendo d it's back all
right I'm going to refresh again let's
try again what the heck happened
here dude it is not back man it is
definitely not back try twitch is it on
Twitch all right oh my gosh dude I can't
believe it literally
broke I'm I'm going to go Nintendo de
that that one seemed to work and there's
only like 60,000 people
watching C thanks to Nintendo switch to
you can transport yourself to the City
of Dreams at home on the go get ready to
meet Unforgettable characters and
discover engaging
stories 2077 Ultimate Edition
the audio is good on this one too I'll
turn this back
up okay here we go here we go here we
go F7 remake I told you
I
Nintendo Final Fantasy
REM oh my God and it's the ingrade
version It's the inade
version bro
oh my
gosh oh my gosh
man it actually is happening we're
playing Final Fantasy 7 remake on switch
too bro oh here's the end of their
scissor reel they still got 10 minutes
though they've gone through a lot of
stuff what the
heck oh that's a good get okay oh oh man
oh man
self
song bro go back to the English one they
fixed it all right I got you I got you I
got you bro we're on the scissor right
now so I can go back to the English one
we're good we're chilling we're chilling
we're chilling let's go back
dude where's the English one hold on
there we go in the capital city in the
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait we went to the wrong one
all right here we go here we go here we
go oh yeah they fixed it we're good
we're good we're good
[Music]
bro guys it's not working man everyone's
telling me to go back to this one it's
not
working I'm just going to I'm going to
drop it to 1080 and we'll just we'll see
if maybe this fixes it there we go there
we go there we go okay I'm like it was
not working
earlier
dude
dude all of these like Same Day games
that they're
announcing all right it's working now
we're chilling we're chilling we're
chilling we're chilling we're
chilling bro Final Fantasy 7 remake like
I've been
saying what did I I I'm getting bingos
on those I said
ff7 I said uh what's it called Olden
ring Shadow Labyrinth
okay so then their first party games
they announced they announced Mario Kart
World right they announced
Mario Kart World they did the welcome
tour game the Dragon Drive one of course
we got fortnite on here um and then they
did hyro Warriors those are the
four oh my gosh oh my gosh man
Leon oh boy so I wonder if it got move
to switch two then instead of switch one
showing s song and Leon is crazy
man oh man oh man oh man oh
man I can't believe they just straight
up like destroyed
YouTube we've shown a lot of games so
far the next game will be the last from
our publishing and development Partners
oh from their Partners please take a
look from their okay from their Partners
I see I see I see the other ones are all
first party I see okay
[Music]
what I give
you my
blood they bring you back Eternal
Darkness or something I give
you my
life bro if this was bloodborne could
you imagine
turn a wheel
and transport
him to a night of
moonlight to Humanity's very
dusk I mean this feels like from soft es
a little
bit but also I'm getting like
Castlevania
Vibes oh my gosh
dude oh my gosh
bro Sony's
dead Sony is
dead if is bloodb 2 and it's on
switch shut your mouth there's no way
there's no way there's no way they got
this shut your mouth there's there's no
[Music]
way this is got to be like a new IP or
something there's no
way there's simply no way this looks
fire what the
heck dude ending with the fromsoft major
third party reveal new game on switch 2
bro bro
what for a second I was like I thought
it looked a little Elden ringy at the
very beginning but I thought no there
can't
be dude this is like a new from sof I
think bro bro I mean this is this is
this is insane this is this is insane
that they're doing this of all the
things you could have told me that you
thought were going to happen during
this I can't
believe close your eyes and contemplate
now the what on switch to to
depart I pray that you are able carrier
of blood
bro bro
this is this is
crazy like this is
bloodb
how how did they do
this I'm I can't even speak I'm
stunned the moon tears will flow for
one and one
alone The Dusk blood bro bro what the
heck
what how how did they do
this
how this is crazy
2026 oh my God
no oh my God only on switch to brother
what
we'll be publishing a Creator's voice
article where the games director Miaki
will what world are we living in in
which nintend gets an exclusive from
soft bloodb from our publishing and
development
Partners we'd like to thank the
developers who appeared today as well as
our publishing and development Partners
who prepared footage for this
presentation the fact we got Final
Fantasy and eldering on this thing and a
new in addition to what you saw today
bloodborne successor our partners are
working on many games coming to Nintendo
switch
2 we show more games in the future so we
Cali 2 on
GameCube next please take a look at this
bro bro you show me Smash Brothers I'm
dying live on stream right now if this
is Smash Brothers I'm
dying
Kirby oh my God is Sakurai making the
next Kirby
is is Sakurai making the next Kirby
game okay no wait a minute wait a minute
wait a minute wait a minute wait a
minute wait a minute wait a minute wait
a minute wait a minute wait a minute
wait a
minute Kirby Air Ride 2 what are we what
are we looking at what are we looking at
bro K right are you kidding
me are you kidding
me are you kidding
me
K Kirby Right to stop G is Kirby
Kirby are you [ __ ]
me
what
what
what you're kidding me you're kidding me
you're kidding me w
what
C Sakurai this is sakurai's next game
are you kidding
me I I
I it's this
here Kirby airde which originally
released on the Nintendo GameCube system
over 20 years ago I am like legit almost
going to cry Kirby a is getting a follow
Direct by I swear to God if you give us
City trial next is our last trailer for
today last please take a look you gave
me Kirby in a
new oh my God banjo kazui shut up
there's little googly eyes or Donkey
Kong this is Banjo or Donkey Kong this
is Donkey Kong there's a mine cart it's
oh my gosh 3D 3D Donkey
[Music]
Kong inot
aisle broke it's Donkey Kong oh my
gosh 3D Donkey Kong is that what we're
looking at or is this going to be
country 3 Country Returns 3 what in the
world is it going to have the goofy new
eyes bro oh my gosh he
does dude it's 3D D oh my God oh my
God are you kidding me
open world Listen To The
Music open world 3D Donkey
Kong you are kidding me it's like Donkey
Kong Odyssey is what they're making do
this is insane what the heck he digging
holes and Mining
stuff sh i i
i this is beyond my wild the
streams this this is crazy that we're
getting this free d new Donkey Kong the
music is unreal fully
orchestrated oh and it's got
country it's got like Sid scrolling
missions of course you
got bro bro
bro if this is this
year if I get to play this at the switch
2 experience I will cry banana banana
bro
this is insane they bring back the other
Kongs they got new Kongs tooe dude I
love his new look
too I can't believe they're doing this
with Donkey Kong bro I can't believe
they're doing Donkey Kong Odyssey man
this is insane Donkey Kong
bananza
bro
what what bro it's 2 months after launch
you're kidding me this is getting a full
playthrough this is a full playthrough
that was a brand new 3D platforming
action game Donkey Kong in July Donkey
Kong watch with the Mario Kart and the
holiday we get Kirby airide 2 developed
by Sakurai and next year we get a front
soft game exclusive to switch everything
as you demolish your way through a
massive underground World more details
will be shared in the future we hope
you're looking forward to it this game
is about to be insane thank you for
watching so far so far what the hell
what do you mean so far to
recap oh the price of course the price
the price the price the price of course
of course of course of course of course
of course of course of Ops that will be
available at if they say 3.99 we release
Nintendo switch 2 as well as a bundle
that includes a digital version of Mario
Kart World
bro for more details please check the
official Nintendo switch 2 tell us the
price goes live later today later I can
to announce the price during it we've
covered a lot of information but that's
all we have to share for today jeez man
you have to wait just a bit longer for
launch we very much looking forward to
everyone being able to experience I
wonder why they're hiding the price on
the website what is the price going
apprciate you joining us today I'm
shocked they didn't give it very much
the release dat's June bro July is
Donkey
Kong I
the new 007 thing was also crazy I am
stunned and of course we got these live
streams coming up okay Street Fighter
okay Donkey Kong of course Bonanza bro
I'm this has to be at the switch EV I
can't believe GameCube Pokemon XD Gale
of
Darkness
bro the fact that this thing launches
and can play all of your switch one
games
has dedicated voice chat outputs in 4k
is launching with Mario Kart and one
month later we get Donkey Kong and at
the end of the year we get Kirby airide
developed by Sakurai with Gamecube
Classics of Pokemon XD and Gale and Gale
of darkness and Pokemon Coliseum and in
terms of third parties Elden ring Final
Fantasy 7 remake all the stuff we were
expecting and a new exclusive from soft
bloodborne spiritual successor on a
Nintendo platform and we got a hyru
warrior Zelda game
like this is this launch is going to be
insane this year I feel like the only
thing that I'm disappointed by is that
they didn't say a price in this thing
that is saying to me that this thing is
going to be more expensive than 399 if
it was 399 it would have been in the
direct that says to me this might be 500
bucks it might be I don't I still don't
see it going upwards of 500 the fact
yeah they showed silk song and Delta
Rune
2
dude I'm I'm I'm blown away I'm Blown
Away the fact they didn't show 3D Mario
and that is instead Donkey Kong three D
Donkey Kong is absurd them Sizzle
reeling silk song sizzor reeling it
being like Oh anyway here you go it's
coming 60 FPS 4K breath of the wild
tears of the Kingdom confirmation we're
getting it for Metroid Prime 4 and for
legend Za of course I'm playing both
those games on switch too guaranteed
guaranteed the donkey I have to watch
the donkey Hong game again I have to I
have to I have to scroll back I have to
see this again I I I like almost died
when I saw Kirby air ride that to me is
like absurd thank you by by the way to
Max for coming through I have to I have
to watch the back toback of Kirby and
Donkey Kong one more time if you will
please allow me I have to watch this
again my voice might be
shot it's worth it I I cannot believe
that the fact that that is sakurai's
next game is
ridiculous I re I like I thought he
might be going back to
Kirby and it's this year dude if we get
City trial and it's orchestrated again
[Music]
dude dude dude Kirby air I I can't
believe I can't believe that's
coming that is that's crazy
dude oh my
gosh I gotta watch Donkey Kong de now
Kirby watch which originally released on
the Nintendo GameCube system over 20
years ago is getting a brand new game
thank you by the way CL you're got learn
the five of drag and drive dble drag
drive and drive
again next is our last prices are up
what are they wait what are the prices
what are the prices they announced the
price
wait wait all right also you guys are
saying Nintendo UK has the synced audio
I want to watch the Donkey Kong one one
more time I want to see the prices what
is the price price is on the Nintendo
store where what is it just tell me the
price what is the price I got to know
I'm gonna go to Nintendo UK real
quick it's 470 in the Netherlands prices
are
up switch to price is
$327 what no way no way is it $327
there's simply no way
what wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait you you guys are
trolling me there's no way hold on how
much is it wait Nintendo where is it on
nintendo.com 450 maybe I could see
that there's no way it's 329 like there
it's simply not happening Nintendo store
start shopping ask the developer where
is the price I got to see the price of
this thing where is it I'm not ending
the stream until I see the
price explore the systems okay where is
this it's 420 USD USD will probably be
3.99 bro
if it's 3.99 they
cooked where I don't know where you guys
are seeing this though you guys are
seeing 450 post the link please if you
guys have links post the
link
I switch to let's see
this console only no price yet please
check the official switch to website uh
what is the switch to website let's see
where is the switch to website I got to
see this
switch to
website thank you Rob appreciate it
thank you thank you thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank
you sweet here we go here we go 450 so
it's not 500 which is good I said if it
was anything beyond 500 I would be
disappointed 450 is good I think for
what we saw during this Direct that's
fine I still fully believed it was going
to be 3.99 450 is not bad I wonder then
why they didn't show it because I almost
feel like that would have been totally
fine had they just shown it there that's
completely worth it I'm fine with
450 it's $50 extra 450 is totally fine
again I think anything past 499 would
have been crazy the bundle is $499 so
basically you can get Mario Kart with
the system for
$499 I mean yeah for $4.99 and then the
switch system by itself
$4.49 also yes silk song confirmed this
year Nintendo posted it bro there's so
much going on dude there's so much
happening I have to see that Donkey Kong
trailer again I said I was going to
watch it one more time before I end I
have been going for seven hours I have
to watch this again I have 5,000 people
still watching even though the direct
just ended I got to upload my full
reaction to this direct this is insane
but one more time I got to I have I have
to watch this Donkey Kong one I have to
you guys said it has synced audio we're
doing
this we'll close these here we
go okay okay last trailer for the day
all right all right all right
bro I thought for a brief second when I
saw the little eyeballs I was like oh my
God are they doing banjo like a Nintendo
devel banjo but then once you see the
mine cart you know right away it's
Disney it's a little step but I can
accept it so my's better than what I PID
for the PS5 Pro there you go dude this
game looks so good this is totally The
Odyssey team too you can I mean clear as
day you can see their fingerprints all
over this
bro and they're like Golden Monkey idles
or something in this cuz you can see it
was inot
Isle I'm playing this in like 2 days
listen to that music look at this
scale dude and the fact that this is
July again this is a stream game for me
we're
we're I am so I'm cooked in terms of the
amount of content I got Donkey Kong
Metroid Pokemon all this year
plus the switch two editions of Zelda
Kirby air
ride look at this
man and the music is like spitting
around at the top I didn't see that the
first
time and the fact that they bring back
the roots with the oh
dude yo
H now we know why they were pushing
donkey Gun Country Return to HD so much
they said we got to sell through that
game as much as we can before the brand
new one comes out
bro 3D donkey call our prayers have
literally been
answered 3D donkey
[Music]
kard I love all the new designs too with
the other weird little
monkeys and I really really like his new
design too
Donkey Kong Bonanza
man
bro they cooked man they cooked they
cooked by the way Japan got a cheaper
price with region lock there's a source
by Nintendo Japan website oh they got a
region lock oh that goes back to what I
was saying earlier then that they might
do a semi- region lock
whoa I mean this was incredible I don't
I don't really know even know know what
else to say 450 is a totally decent
price June 5th great release date that's
before summer game Fest all the third
parties can announce their stuff for
switch 2 that's going to be like
glorious bro new Kirby air ride
developed by Sakurai bro while in the
same breath in the direct Pokemon XD
Coliseum and soulcaliber with link are
on GameCube NSO we got a new fromsoft
bloodborne successor exclusive to
Nintendo a new 3D open world Donkey Kong
platformer game that's coming out
launched
window like these sound like fake
announcements I I thought Sakurai was
maybe working on K recep rising or
working on maybe a new IP or something
him working on a Kirby Air Ride
2 never in my wildest dreams that I
think that was going to be the case and
you guys know I have said this for years
on my channel that all they needed to do
all Nintendo needed to do was do a city
trial for NSO and have it where you drop
into the City and that's it that makes
so much sense the fact we're getting a
full-blown game and that it's this year
is absurd absolutely positively absurd
and 450 and Donkey Kong and Kirby and
all the switch like the fact they
straight up said switch two editions
Metro Prime 4 Pokemon Legends Za don't
worry about it you got to switch two
play them on on there love it love it
love it love it love it love it that's
obviously going to be how I play both of
those games I did not think in a million
years they were going to do one for
Pokemon I really didn't I like knowing
Pokemon company and how they are with
their old games I just I thought there
was no way they were going to do that
the fact that we got that and both
zeldas and new hyro Warriors it's crazy
man I have to render out my reaction I
got to upload tons of stuff I got to
sleep a little bit I got to get some
coffee I got to do Japan time I got so
much I got to do before I hop on my
flight this is absurd I love you all for
coming through to the stream this was
incredible what a strong start to the
switch
to I I the fromsoft thing is still also
like melting my brain I couldn't even
believe what I was seeing I was thinking
it was like Resident Evil or Castlevania
or something the fact that they're doing
that is insane good night everybody I
will have my timestamped reaction up
from this direct right after this
that'll be up as a video should be like
an hour and a half long this whole video
with the time Stamps will also be
available as well thank you all so much
for tuning in like comment subscribe and
until next time I will talk to you guys
later ladies and gentlemen the switch 2
era is here and it is beautiful