[Music]
Hello. Hi.
[Music]
Hi. Uh, my hair is a mess and I
apologize for
that. I don't know what is happening
this morning. It's horrible. It's
actually horrible.
[Music]
Hello. Hello. Welcome on in everybody. I
am pretty tired. I'm got to be I'm
pretty
tired. Uh didn't sleep the best last
night.
uh feel like a broken record, but Kim is
very pregnant at this point. And we
really thought it would have happened by
now. Like we like a week and a half ago,
we thought it was happening. And every
day since we've been like on edge and
for some reason last night, I convinced
myself that last night was going to be
the night. It just I was like, "It's got
to happen tonight." And every time Kim
moved, I shut up like a bat out of hell.
I was like, "Is it?" I don't know. Like,
you ever have those nights where you
just fixate on something? I just kept
every like 5 minutes I was like, "Is
it?" I was like, "Is it
happen?" About to dash to the door and
grab my go bag. So, I don't know. For
some reason, it just it bothered me all
night. Uh bothered isn't the right word,
but you know what I mean. I just
couldn't sleep.
You look swollen. Thank you so much for
saying that. Thank you so much for
saying that. I appreciate
that. Yeah, I just couldn't sleep. But
uh I will wake up. I promise. I got my
coffee. I have a little carbonated
water. And we're
tminus 28
minutes from another Nintendo Direct. I
feel like all we've been doing lately is
watching Nintendo Directs, which I kind
of love actually. I kind of really
excited about that.
[Music]
We also ran out of milk, so I'm just
drinking straight black coffee like a
like an adult, you
[Music]
know. Um, all right.
So, we ain't got no bingo sheet today.
We ain't we ain't looking for no
Twilight Princess HD. This is all about
Mario
[Music]
Kart. Uh, of which I'm very
excited. Uh,
despite some negativity in the room, I'm
sure. Uh, I'm very excited to see the
new Mario Kart. Five months of fun
times. Looking forward to many more with
the Switch 2. Thank you for saying that.
Love you.
Um, now I have played this
game, so I have a little bit of an
advantage here. I'm going into this with
a little bit of a oneup. I have played
this. I've played a traditional race,
which I
lost. I also played a battle royale type
style battle mode, which I
lost. Both were very fun.
I didn't get to like explore the open
world. That wasn't something that was
offered to
me, but that does look and sound
fun. Other than
that, in this direct, I am
hoping that we see
anything that seemingly
justifies an $800 price tag other
than Nintendo saying, "It's pretty good,
guys. It's pretty
fun. We made it pretty fun this time.
cuz if that's it, I'm not sure how I
feel about that price tag. But, you
know, if there's some promise of DLC, if
there's like a billion modes with all
this content, if it's revolutionary in
some way, if they say they've been
working on it for this for 10 years,
and as a result, we have X, Y, and Z.
Did I say 800? Did I say I told you it's
early? I told you it's early. Did I say
800? You know I meant
80. You know I meant
80. Get out of here. You know I meant
80. Sorry about that. Sorry to scare you
like that. Could be I mean could be 800.
We don't know yet.
these tariffs are getting up there, you
know, could be, but no, I meant
80.
Um, I will I will say
this I'm sure it's worth 80. I mean, I
it's
Nintendo. If any company's games are
going to be worth more than the regular,
I would say it would be Nintendo's.
However, I don't who cares? I don't want
to pay
80. Let's not set that standard. Let's
not set that standard off the rip. You
know what I mean? Can we try 70
Nintendo? You tried it one
time. It's 120 Australian. Yeah. I mean,
that is how
uh that is how money works. That is how
that is how uh dollars work
[Music]
globally. Uh you've seen stressed. I
have seen it. Do you mean been? I've
also been it. Sure you got a lot going
on your plate. Uh just know your viewers
appreciate you. Shiny. I love you so
much. It's a stressful time, but we're
good. We're good. Uh I feel good. I feel
tired, but I feel good.
What's your opinion on Sonic Racing
Crossworlds? And do you think it will
fail because of Mario Kart World? Um,
did Sonic Team Racing fail technically?
I don't know. I don't
know. I don't think that has anything to
do with Mario
Kart. What's your What's your opinion on
Halo? Did it fail because of COD? Like,
I don't know what to tell you. It's two
different games. I don't think there's
really an answer to that. morning. How
is Kim feeling? Hope all is
well. Um, she's asleep right now, but
you know, she's very
pregnant. We want we we want this to
happen already. Like, we're at the point
now where we're like, we just want it to
happen. Drop the price. Would Hey, if I
could, I would.
That's something that I I'll also say
that a lot of people um need to realize
is that I don't work at
Nintendo. I don't I I don't have the
ability to drop the
price. I'm also like as annoyed by all
of it as anybody. You know, I made two
full podcast episodes that were both
twice as long as I normally do episodes
and a whole beat him ups video that has
a million views talking about the price
and that I'm not okay with the price of
stuff. Um, but people, you know, when I
make a video, 70 upcoming games, cuz I'm
still excited for the console and most
99% of those games aren't $80, you know,
like most of them are just normal
prices, you know what I mean?
Um, people will still comment
like, "Why is this dude still making
videos about Nintendo?" or like, "Can
can this guy
like, you know, or like just just and
I'm not even going to repeat what people
say."
Um, it's not
me. I have no control over it. I'm also
a Nintendo fan and I clearly have been
for eight years. My whole channel is
about it. I love Nintendo and I haven't
been lying about it the whole time, you
know, and I'm not a flake who as soon as
I'm upset by something that the company
is doing, I'm just going to pretend that
I don't like the games and pretend that,
you know, PlayStation's my favorite
console now. Oh, actually, guys, I meant
Xbox. I'm not going to flip-flop. I'm
not a I'm not, you know, I don't know
what I don't know what else word to use.
I'm not a flake. Like, this is what I'm
passionate about. Nintendo is what I'm
passionate about. Am I happy with what
they're doing right now? No. But half of
my content since this whole thing has
started happening has been about how
it's not okay and that I'm not happy
with it. There's not much else I can do.
And I'm not going to sit here every day
uploading videos about, oh, Nintendo's
so greedy. I pre-ordered the Switch to
the other. Nintendo hates us, guys.
World doesn't suck. Unbelievably excited
for it cuz I'm just not like I've said
it once, twice, three times. How many
times you got to say it? How many videos
you got to make about that? How many
times you got to bum everybody out? You
know, like there needs to be, I think, a
mix when you're creating content. And I
think there are channels out there, if
you want to go for the rage bait, there
are channels out there that won't stop
uploading about how greedy Nintendo is.
There's plenty of those videos if you
want to go watch them. Um, I've made
three in the span of like 2 or 3 weeks.
So, that's enough. That's enough from
me. You got you got enough of that from
me, I think. You know, I got to make
other content. I've I can't do the same
thing. That's pretty been pretty
consistent with me. I can't do the same
thing over and over and over again. I
get bored. Right. I said I've said what
I've needed to
say. I don't I have no control over
it. And by the
way, if Nintendo sticks to this pricing
point and everyone buys it anyway,
nothing's going to change. If they stick
to this and you guys don't buy it, then
they'll be forced to change it. That's
how That's how you make a change. Prove
them Prove them wrong. I don't know what
to tell you. I will be buying it because
I have to review it. It's my job and I'm
having a baby. What do you want? And
also, I love Nintendo. I don't know what
you want. I don't want I don't know what
you
want. That's not a fight I can fight
with you guys. I'm not in that
position. Also, as of right now, it is
only Mario Kart and you can also get it
for 50 bucks if you buy it in the
bundle. So, we'll have to see if they
actually do 80
again. I'm really hoping that they
justify the 80 today. Like, I'm holding
out hope, you
know? All right, enough of all that. The
game chases. Oh, okay. I started reading
that.
I'm going to stop, but thanks for the
five.
Um, I'm going to I'm going to start
reading it again. The Game Chasers
aren't scammers. This person wrote, "The
Game Chasers are scammers. 5 years and
paying hundreds of dollars for Blu-rays
and they still haven't been sent out." I
don't believe that's true at all. Billy
worked so hard on those Blu-rays and
he's I I lived with him for a while. He
was always sending those things out.
That was It's like his whole job. I
watched him send those things out. You
should contact him and try and figure
out why you haven't got yours than
complaining online in in a completely
separate
place. A completely separate
channel. Sorry you had that experience.
Scott Edwards, thanks so much for the
10. Sending love from across the pond in
UK. You and Kim will be amazing parents.
Are you worried about the Switch
pre-orders and being pulled from the US
in the wake of tariffs? The potential
cost? Yeah, of course. I'm worried about
all of it. It all
sucks. It all sucks. We We still haven't
been able to pre-order it. I'm hoping
that we hear about it today, but there
might not be an answer yet. And it's
what almost 10 days. It's a full week
since we were supposed to pre-order it.
There's supposed to be like a there's
always a twomonth window of pre-ordering
before a new console comes out. We're in
that window and and we can't and then I
I see like
Australia, my home, beautiful
country, land of the free. Uh I see them
pre-ordering it. UK pre-ordering it, you
know, and then we and then I'm just
like,
"Okay,
cool. I still don't have one." So, yeah,
it sucks. It sucks. Uh Shreky, thanks so
much for the gifted sub. Uh, what do you
think will be shown in this direct? Oh,
you know, um, Twilight Princess HD.
We'll probably get some more GameCube
games on the on the Gamecube online app.
Stuff like that for
sure. I'm watching in Australia, but I'm
from Brazil. Let's go, nerd. I
appreciate you. Thank you so much. Um,
and then over here on Twitch, sorry, I
actually have been doing a really bad
job at looking at Twitch, too. Sorry
about that.
I went live really uh in a rush cuz I
woke up a little late and I was making
coffee and I didn't have all my chats
pulled up. The LC 88 with 10 gifties.
Thank you so much, LC. I really
appreciate you over here on Twitch. What
a goddess
uh with 245 bits. I pre-ordered the
Switch 2 the other week. I got the Mario
Kart World bundle. I'm incredibly
excited. Yeah. See, wish I was in that
boat with you.
Uh, Master Dookie with a prime water
goddess again. Howdy from Western
Australia. Let's go,
Australia. Uh, relaxing with some mocha
coffee. What time is it? It's like night
time for you. You're drinking coffee at
at 9:00
p.m. Um, hi Stephen. Uh, 100 bits from
Staldino. Got bored with a prime. There
was a hype train that I think I missed.
Mark Reed gifted five subs. Minoso with
a prime, Mark Reed with 36
months, Rodisi with 39, Chaos with a
prime, Brooke with 19 months, and we're
all caught up on Twitch as
well. Uh, I wish it was still going.
Poor guys that managed it. Love having
conflicts. I don't know what I don't
know what that's about. I don't know
what that's about. Someone's Someone's
talking to someone else on Twitch. Love
that though.
Uh, well, if you need one to pre-order
one, would Scott, I appreciate that. I
mean, that hopefully a fallback, right?
We'll try and get someone else to
pre-order me one. I can't even go to
Canada and get one because um the Canada
pre-orders were also
stopped. But, I
mean, I don't know. I'll be pretty
shocked if they if the launch date comes
around and they start rolling out
worldwide and America's left out. Um, I
feel like the the launch date will just
get pushed back everywhere. I know
that's crazy and I know like America is
not the only country, but it's such a
large market and I feel like once they
go live that yeah, people are going to
be trying to get them from other places
and I think that's going to mess up
Nintendo's like
uh everything. I feel like it's going to
mess up their everything. If you have
like the whole country of America and
Canada trying to import an order from
other countries, it's going to just be a
mess, I think. So, I think the worldwide
release has to be the same day. So, I'm
not too worried about missing out while
it actually gets released everywhere
else cuz I think the launch date would
get moved before that. But honestly, I
have no idea. This is uncharted
territory. We've never seen anything
like
this. Uh head. Thanks so much for the uh
two types of people in the world. Those
who have farted in their hand and smelt
it and liars. Um sure. You're on a
bender right now. Head and cheese. I
appreciate you though. Scott Edwards, I
already read that, but thank you. Shreky
Wrecky with a gifty sub. Thank you so
much. Um Mario Kart is worth 80 for me,
so I don't care. Look, it's worth it for
a lot of people, especially if it's your
favorite franchise. It's just the
standard that it's setting. I think
that's a little
scary. But
um look, let's get through this direct
and then we can really have that
conversation. I feel like I love the
logo redesign. Oh, thank you so much.
Yeah, by the way, and let me uh I
actually am now realizing I haven't
really set up
uh this live. So, let me set up this
live real
quick. I uh we have a new banner and uh
icon here on YouTube. I I always get
really paranoid about changing
um anything, but uh especially like the
profile picture for YouTube because I
don't want it to like show up and and
confuse people and not be the same. But
I mean uh my the new the new icon for
the channel is a lot more um
streamlined. The little circle is a lot
more streamlined and obvious that it's
beat him up now, which is good. Hold on.
I'm just setting up this stream
[Music]
Um, my computer's running really slow
today. I probably should have done a
little reset before I went live, but
it's going to be fine. It's going to be
good. Oh, that's not too bad. It's
pretty
much boom boom. Oh, also worth saying,
guys, uh, a couple of things. If you
wouldn't mind, like the stream. It
helps. It helps share it out in the
algorithm. on my way to get some.
Subscribe if you're new because on this
channel on this channel, this beat him
ups channel this year, I would love to
hit 2 million subs.
I never like pushed for subs, you know?
I I I pushed for subs a lot at up to a
million and that was like 4 years ago.
And then I was like, okay, we hit a
million. I'm going to see what happens
now and chill because like what is the
next goal anyway? But we have been at
like 1.8 8 million subs on this channel
for like 3 years. And it's because subs
in general aren't a thing anymore. Um,
people don't really sub to channels
these days. The whole Tik Tok culture is
that uh videos just get recommended and
show up in feeds and people don't even
have to follow anyone anymore cuz the
algorithm does such a good job, which is
great honestly and it's good for views,
but it doesn't really bagget subs. So,
I'd love to hit 2 million here. And we
are only like 4,000 subs away from
getting a play button on the
podcast. And I will be live today with
the podcast uh at 300 p.m. Eastern time.
So, in about 6 7 hours.
Um, so over here on the Nonintendo
podcast, actually, we're like 3,000 subs
away.
I'd love to get your help here. And then
on beat him ups, brand new
banner, brand new
uh
logo, streamline logo, brand new
banner. Kim did the
art and I love it and it's awesome. I
think it's the best art I've ever had on
the channel.
Um I had a reference here somewhere. I
don't want to Hold on. Let me pull it
up. I had the I saved the old one and I
think it's a night and day difference
that it's so much better
now. Yeah.
Here. So, that's the old banner which we
had for a long time. In fact, I it was
actually a little
sad to let go of this background because
this blurred background. I've been using
this blurred background since the start
of my channel in 2013. Little little law
that no one cares about. It's actually a
very very old like ' 60s or '7s Hulk
comic. I never talk about this because
it's so pointless. Why would I talk
about it? You can kind of see Hulk here.
This like green blur. That's Hulk. This
is an old Hulk comic. Um because when I
started the channel, it was very comic
book themed. like it was about video
games, but um my my old Game Quest
episodes were like comic booky and yeah,
this was a comic book and I I just
always changed the art and the logo and
the pictures on top of this banner, this
Bruce banner. Um and Kim has always done
the art for it. So, this was the last
art that she did. Um and then this is
her new one, and I love it. I think it's
honestly so much better. I mean, it's
it's it's tough to say better when it's
both Kim, but I think she crushed it
this time. Um, it's so much fun. And
yeah, we're a little preemptive on the
baby. We actually had a plan that we
were going to do a version without the
baby and then once he's here, we were
going to update it. But I just love it.
And I was like, I don't know. Once she
did, once she drew it, I was like, I
don't want to take him out. He's too
cute. We can't take out the baby. He's
just here. He's just here already, so
he's in there. Um,
yeah, Bruce Banner. Yeah. Um, yeah, a
little bit of law there. Thanks. Thanks
for that. Thanks for indulging in that.
But, uh, yeah. So, hit the like,
subscribe, and, uh, watch the podcast
today if you wouldn't mind. It should be
fun. I'm actually all set up behind me
for it already, pretty much. That's what
the tables are out for. We do it down
here. Um, and then here we go. Here's
the direct, which is already live,
actually. and starts in
uh uh uh h Monday starts
in why can't my brain is dead 7 minutes
it starts sorry about
that couldn't
think baby's all man yeah I saw I
tweeted the banner and someone on
Twitter was like oh so he just loves
Pikmin already. I don't know. It just
made sense. He's a little guy. He's a
little guy and Pikmin are little
guys. Do you think Nintendo will make a
new Ocarina of Time? I think there's a
chance. I think there's a
chance. I think they're doing a lot of
things that people wouldn't expect from
them. Like you wouldn't expect Nintendo
to do an Ocarina of Time remake, but you
also wouldn't expect Nintendo to have a
console that can do 4K 60
frames. And I think something that a lot
of people have been doing over the years
is like Ocarina of Time Unreal Engine 4K
60, you know. Um, and I think Nintendo
sees stuff like that. And I think like
with Breath of the Wild and Tears of the
Kingdom, they're like, "Okay, you want
to play this in 4K 60, that's something
that everybody wants to emulate. Then
how about we we sell it to you? How
about we give it to
[Music]
you?" And I could totally see them doing
the same thing with Ocarina, like, "Oh,
okay. Everyone wants to do like make
their own Ocarina in Unreal Engine and
it blows up on YouTube. How about we
make that and we sell it to you?" I I
think there is a possibility there.
It's not the It's not the highest
possibility, but I do think there's a
possibility. Also, I
uh I'm working on a video right now. I
shot it and while I was shooting it, I
was like, "This is so silly. This is the
silliest video I've ever made." But just
cuz it felt so narcissistic. I really
did.
But uh I wanted to make you know how
people make videos like I was right
about XYZ. Like I was right, you know,
it was always the I was wrong or I was
right. I was like I wanted to do a video
where I was right about the Switch 2
because I've been following it for years
and I I got to be honest, guys. I I got
to be honest. I hate even saying it cuz
it feels so narcissistic. But I I
essentially predicted the Switch 2. Like
if you've been following me for a while,
um I've been predicting it for about 5
years now. Like I found predictions of
me talking about what the Switch 2 will
be 5 years ago. And I was like, "Okay, I
want to make a I was right video." So I
went through my podcast and my YouTube
channel and I found all the examples for
the last 5 years of me saying it'll
launch with Mario
Kart. It'll be called like Mario Kart,
you know, something. It won't be 9 or
10. It'll most likely be Mario Kart, you
know, X or Rainbow Road or something
like that. Um, Metroid will come a few
months later, day one. Uh, it'll be 4K
60, maybe even 120 frames.
Like all this stuff that I was talking
about dating back years ago. Um, and
I've been working on that video and the
more I work on it, the more I just don't
even want to put it out because it's
just it just feels so gloaty. It just
feels so bad. Like, I don't know. I told
my editor, I'm like, if I'm coming
across if I'm coming across bad, just
delete the video. I'm so embarrassed,
but also very proud. So, I'm kind of
caught in between.
Hollywood. Yeah. Oh, I thought there'd
be some I I thought we were getting a
comment attached to that. Um, let me
move some of this stuff so I can see.
Uh, can't really see Twitch chat right
now. Um, let me
see. If you watch the Nintendo podcast
from last week, he talks about it in
length. Uh, talk about what in length?
Who are you replying to? Baby Binky. Oh,
no. Henry, do you think the Switch 2
would be another Wii U? Yeah, I do talk
about that on the last podcast. Pretty
much all of my Nintendo opinions and
questions that you have for me, I
guarantee you I talk about them on the
podcast. Guarantee
you. I talk very extensively about all
my predictions and all my opinions on
everything that's happening on the
podcast. All
right. Uh, so everybody, I'm excited for
your Switch 2 journey. By the way, Shy
Guy is the best part of Mario Kart.
Well, I think it's the cow. All right,
everybody. Reiterate, I'm very tired,
but very excited to see more of Mario
Kart World. I have played it. Um, so
this isn't like as exciting of a direct
for me as like, you know, then the big
reveal of the Switch or, you know, some
other things that have been happening
recently. I am about to watch 15 minutes
of a game that I have played. So playing
it is definitely more exciting and takes
a little bit of that edge away from a
direct. But the big thing I'm excited
for here is to see if they even attempt
to justify the $80 in any way. If they
mention it um would be great or if they
just show us like 15 minutes of like an
insane amount of content that makes us
go, "Oh, okay. There's the value." you
know, or if it's just a standard Mario
Kart game in an open world and we're
like, "So, why why is it 80? Is it 80?"
Because, you know, that will pay 80 cuz
that's sort of So, I think there's three
options here. Um, I'm going to pause
this music because we are a minute away
from this
starting. Um, it's 15 minutes. Yeah,
it's 15 minutes, which is pretty long
for a direct on just one game. So,
they're definitely going into detail
here. We haven't played it though. No, I
know you have. I didn't say you've
played
it. Obviously, god damn some people.
Obviously, you haven't played it. You
can be excited. I am excited. Oh my god.
Let's
watch. So silly.
[Music]
Drivers, start your engines. Welcome to
the Mario Kart World game, available
exclusively on the Nintendo Switch 2
system. Uh-huh. What kind of races await
you?
In Mario Kart World, you'll aim for
first place in each Grand Prix. But why
stop there? Across cities, I do love the
grinding. A desert and even the ocean,
you can drive virtually everywhere in
this fully interconnected world. It
looks just like the Breath of the Wild
map. Can we talk about that? On courses
scattered throughout various regions
that span this world, and you can freely
drive between
them. There's a lot in store, and we're
only at the starting line. Let's
introduce some of the courses that are
waiting for you. Here we go. Oh, sorry.
Sorry. Sorry about the mouse.
I thought we liked mouse. The whole
switch thing is a mouse throughout the
world inspired by their surrounding
region. Sorry about that. Let's take a
look at some of the new courses to
explore.
[Music]
Ride the ridges and roads on Mario
Brothers
Circuit and cruise the curves around the
canyon. You can't miss
[Music]
it. See the sides and structures of
Crown
City. You can even soar in style down
Main
Street. That's very New York. Drift
along the rapid waterways of Salty Salty
Speedway and make a splash around the
city's
[Music]
canals. Stay cool in the snowy trails of
Star View
[Music]
Peak. Just don't slip off while soaking
up the scenery. I did not know you could
play as that penguin. That's actually
really cool. Spirited showing at the
ghostly movie theater Boo Cinema.
It's a whole new kind of drive-in
theater.
Spooky Waluigi is a cool outfit in
addition to lots of new
courses. There's Toads Factory.
Peach Beach. Oh,
Wario Shipyard and more.
Nostalgic courses from past titles are
also here, but now they're re-imagined
and spread throughout the world where
races can happen during the day or at
night. That is cool. How many is that?
Like, can someone count? It looks like
about what 30.
Race as familiar characters like Mario,
Luigi,
Peach,
Bowser, and Yoshi.
Plus, new drivers like
Goomba, Spike, Spike, and that's right,
Cow. Yeah, the cow's definitely. Even
more new racers are waiting and ready to
roll. Select your character.
Choose your looks. Then you're up to the
races. Characters and vehicles each have
different stats, so make sure to find
the combo that best suits you.
Okay, so you don't pick like wheels and
anything anymore, which is I kind of I
kind of hate it. Styles of race revving
up in this world. Grand Prix and
Knockout
Tour. In both modes, up to 24 drivers
can participate, the most in series
history. Your rivals aren't the only
hazards you'll need to avoid on the
road. Look out for cars that shoot
bullet bills, attacks from Hammer
Brothers, and other obstacles along the
way. Try to steer clear.
Yeah, so far it's Mario Cup. Get ready
for Grand Prix with Mushroom Cup, Flower
Cup, Star Cup, and more. Grand Prix
races are held all around the game's
world. You'll race through four
different courses in each cup and aim
for the top spot.
In Mushroom Cup, you'll start off racing
around Mario Brothers
Circuit. While the second race will take
you from Mario Brothers Circuit to Crown
City. For the first time, you'll need to
drive yourself to the next course in
Grand Prix. So with the wheel
[Music]
and if you conquer all Grand Prix Cups,
rumor has it that a certain colorful
course will appear.
Oh, okay. Remember what? Well, the way
to give away the secret. Next up is a
new mode, Knockout
Tour. From Golden Rally to Ice Rally and
more, these extended races take you from
one end of the world to the other
and you get ready for a sprint, but
you've got to place if you want to stay
in the race.
That's fun. Speed towards checkpoints
throughout the world. If you don't make
the cut, you're out of Oh, this is the
mode I played. That's what it was
called. Yeah, that's the one I failed
at. Buckle up. The competition gets more
intense as you close in on the
checkpoints. That's a fun. I do like
that one. You've got to drive to survive
in Knockout Tour. So, keep your eyes on
the prize and aim for first. I
immediately failed because I was trying
to film
[Music]
items. Is that all for the mold? I
thought there'd be more molds.
Here are some new items that'll help you
out. Coin shell. When you throw a coin
shell, coins will appear. Now's your
chance to grab them. Just don't let your
rivals cash in
first. Ice flower. With the ice flower,
you can freeze out rivals and send them
spinning. Hammer. Aim the hammer in an
arc and nailed it. Hammers also stay on
the course for a short time and can be
used to block off rivals.
Mega Mushroom. With the Mega Mushroom,
Mega Mushroom, your rivals will go home.
Feather. Use the feather to jump up and
avoid attacks.
[Music]
You may even discover some unexpected
routes.
I do love the grinding. With Comics
magic, your rivals will
transform. What other mysterious effects
will happen? You'll have to see for
yourself.
The lower your placement, the more
likely you are to find items that'll
turn the tables. So, when you get items,
go for it. In the water is diabolical
for
Lightning. And if you're new to the
Mario Kart series, there are added
support features to help you along the
way. These
include smart steering, which helps you
stay on the course. They had that on by
default when we played the demo and it
sucked. Where you can hold a Joy Con 2
controller made it so hard to play. Use
motion controls to steer.
And if you have the Joy-Con 2 wheel, you
can feel like you're really driving
with a tiny little
[Music]
wheel. How about a quick break? A snack
sounds good right about now. Hey, look.
It's a drive-thru.
I like how everyone thought that was gas
and you can grab food. It's a drive-thru
dash
food. Take a bite
and you can unlock outfits inspired by
your meal. Inspired by your meal, eat
some sushi
and wa nice
threads. Once unlocked, these outfits
can be selected from the character
selection screen. I mean, yeah, that's
fun. Who knows what dishes or outfits
you'll find. Make a pit stop and check
out these drive-thrus all around the
world. That was a nice detour. Now,
let's get back to the
[Music]
action. Let's introduce some new tricks
that'll help you ace each race.
Charge jump. You can now use a charge
jump by holding the drift button while
driving straight ahead. Charge and
release to jump. Oh, I didn't know that.
I didn't do that. Use this to leap over
obstacles.
Grind along. That's really interesting.
You can jump now. And dodge attacks from
your rivals. Oh, so that's how you get
up there. I I was trying to figure out
how to get up on the rails. You can wall
ride for a short period of time. Okay,
that's sick. Actually, that's really
cool.
Chain some tricks together and you may
even reach places like the Ah, so close.
Almost
there. Whenever this happens, be kind
and rewind. Well, this will return your
vehicle to its original position. Well,
even when you're playing online.
Nice. Made it. I mean, rewind is cool. I
think this can come in handy when
mapping out how to best approach a
course.
Keep in mind though, your rivals will
still move normally when you rewind, so
don't lose your lead.
Yeah, why would you do that in a race?
Want to take a spin? Even more races.
It's cool that you trials, it's you
against the
clock. Here you can race without any
other competitors.
And if you go online, you can download
and compete against ghost data from
racers around the world.
Still very just Mario Kart, right? Like
it's cool. You can use the classic rule
set of running three laps within the
same course or you can choose to drive
the distance from one course to another.
You can even take the road less traveled
and choose routes that aren't in Grand
Prix or Knockout
Tour. Up to 24 drivers can now compete
in two, three, or even four
teams. Group up and get ready to put the
pedal to the metal.
It'd be cool if when you're playing in
the open world, you see other players.
Battle mode. Pop off locally or line in
balloon battle. Use items to push your
rivals balloons all in your rivals out.
Okay. And coin runners where you can go
for the gold by collecting the most
coins. Okay. There's some extra mode.
Race or battle. Enjoy whatever drives
you.
Okay, that's
good. All right. This I want to know
about this.
When you're not racing, you can enjoy
free roam and go wherever your heart
takes you. But no problem. What do you
do out there? Ride the
rivers, see the
seas, drive the
desert, or jump off from way up
here. You can go wherever you like, even
to the edges of the world.
Hey, there's a P switch over there.
[Music]
Hit hundreds of P switches you find
across the world to start missions.
Okay, that's something. By completing
them, you can hone your driving ability
outside of races.
There are also hidden coins. Okay,
there's something something out there.
hidden panels and more. So, take the
scenic route and
explore. Also, during free roam, you can
take photos whenever you
like. Strike a pose. Look at the camera.
Choose a frame to decorate. And
nice winner.
Nice.
[Music]
If one person has Mario Kart World, up
to four players can race in split screen
on the same system.
Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. The game
also supports local wireless play. Up to
eight players with up to two players on
each system can race together this way.
Okay. Do you all have to have the game?
I'm assuming yes.
And up to 24 players from around the
world can join a race or battle in
online play.
It It is cool that the option of playing
on all those switches is there.
This may look like free roam, but this
is where you'll wait while your friends
join you. It's a cool area. I like that
area. Looks like someone's arrived.
Yep. You can meet up with your crew
anywhere in this world. Okay, I like
that. Checking the map, you can quickly
see where your friends are and travel to
their location. Okay, I like that. I
like being able to see them in the
world. That's fun.
Battle or race with custom
rules, or just go for a ride together.
Make this road trip your own.
That's good. You can also take together
along the way if that's more your
[Music]
speed. with Game Chat. Enjoy an expanded
experience by talking online with
friends. Use the built-in microphone to
voice chat while driving together. Yeah,
let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Check this
out. It's a beautiful I will say it's
beautiful.
It's a beautiful game. Or take a back
seat and watch each other's games. The
animation and the design of the carts
are really cute. If you have a Nintendo
Switch 2
camera, you can enjoy seeing your
friends reactions while playing
together. Who's close
by? Wait, who just passed me? You'll be
able to tell in an instant. Hey,
Michelle and Bullseye. My god, it was
George.
How dare he? And when playing together
in person on the same system, a single
camera can detect up to four people's
faces.
That is
cool. Enjoy the view and get ready to
face off with your friends.
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
A transcontinental race around the world
is just around the corner in Mario Kart
World, available exclusively on Nintendo
Switch 2. A hardware bundle that
includes a digital version of Mario Kart
World will also be
[Music]
available.
Oh, that's
All right, I'm just going to say
it. It's not worth 80, but I'm just
going to say it off the
rib. I don't get it.
There's there I I got
I I've
never
Look, just in case this gets clipped,
I've never said it was going to be worth
80. I did say that I was holding out
hope that in this direct they would
justify
it. That's my whole thing. 95% sure the
extra $10 was exclusively for the camera
thing.
My My whole thing was if they could
justify it, it would be in this direct.
That's what I said. I thought if there
was a way they could justify it, it
would be here. So, I wanted to wait
before getting too angry or upset until
I'd seen this. And now that I've seen
it, I don't I don't get the 80. I don't
get the
80. Hold on. Before I say too much,
let's do poll in chat. I really want to
get the vibe of
chat.
Um cuz the comments are coming in thick
and
fast and I want to make sure that we're
all at least on the same page here. Is
this is Mario Kart World worth
$80? We'll do yes, no, and then uh still
undecided to be fair.
I don't know if someone in uh
Oh, God. Was that you, Stephen? You so
You were on it so
quickly. Yeah, that's a lot of nose.
That is a lot of nos. That does seem to
be the
vibe. Look, I got to I'm going to be
honest. I'm going to be very honest.
It looks like normal ass Mario Kart with
grinding and set in an open
world. The open world aspect is cool.
Don't get me wrong. It is something I
feel like this series maybe even needed
and really ties together the concept of
what Mario Kart is. But it's pretty
clear there is nothing happening in that
open world. It's not like that open
world is really giving
us much extra value, right? Like it's
it's cool, but you're hitting some P
switches and finding some hidden tiles.
It's not really an adventure. It's not
really an experience. It's not really
like it's not it's not it's nice that
it's
there, but if you look at Mario Kart 8
Deluxe and you look at Mario Kart World,
what Mario Kart World
has on over Mario Kart 8, the open world
and grinding, that's just like normal
next step evolution stuff.
When Breath of the Wild went open world,
they didn't charge us an extra $10 for
that because it has an open world now.
Like the stuff in this Mario Kart is
just normal next evolution of a video
game stuff. It's not like Steven the
Goat. It's not like crazy overthe-top
new content. They're not promising to
give us a bunch of DLC for free. Look,
if this was $70, that's $10 more than
the last Mario Kart. That's $10 more
than every other Nintendo game other
than Tears of the Kingdom, which when
Tears of the Kingdom was 70, they made a
big deal about justifying this is 70
because we've spent 5 years working on
it. And we were all like, "Okay, that
makes sense." Which is really why I felt
like in this direct they were going to
be like, "It's $80, but we've done this,
this, and this, and we're promising
this, this, and this." They made such a
big deal out of Tears of the Kingdom, I
really thought for an $80 game, they
would also make a big deal justifying
it. But they kind of didn't. And if this
game was 70, I would understand. I would
be like, "Okay, we're in the next
generation of Nintendo. You've gone 4K
60. Everything else is $70 in the
industry. I get it. Why are we doing
80?" Nintendo said that they're doing
variable pricing now. So, when they
determine a game is worth more, they're
going to make it cost more. Okay. I
don't know if I like that, but I
understand what you're saying. You're
saying if you determine it to be an $80
game, you will charge us 80. That's your
mentality, right? Got it. On board. So,
why is this 80? Why have you variably
determined this is 80? If this is your
new thing where you're determining
what's worth what, explain it to us.
Tell us why it's
80. Tell us why this why you've
determined this is an $80 game, right?
Like, am I off base with that? Let me re
let me say that again so that we're on
the same page. Doug Bowser and Nintendo
have said that they're doing variable
pricing this generation where when they
determine a game is worth a certain
amount, they're going to price it that
way. So, if they think a game is 50,
they're going to charge 50. If they
think a game is 80, they're going to
charge 80. Now, let's say we agree with
that, right, chat? Hear me out here
because I'm on your side. Let's say we
agree with that, Mr. Doug Bowser. Okay,
we agree. Charge us what you think a
game is worth. Is the own is the onest,
is that a word? That's not a word,
right? Is the onest I'm not going to use
that word cuz I don't know if that's a
word. Is the responsibility then not on
Nintendo to tell us why it's 80?
Right. That's not that crazy, is
it? And I don't feel I don't feel like
they told us why it's 80. I feel like
they just showed us a normal ass Mario
Kart and they're like, "No, we promise
it's really good. It's
80. I don't get why it's 80. I want to
get why it's 80." That
I I don't get why it's 80.
Um, I would I would understand why Tears
of the Kingdom would be 80, you know,
but this I don't get why this is 80. I
just don't see what it has over a normal
Mario
Kart, especially for the first time
they're doing an 80. I feel like they
need to explain it.
This is like this is only a $70 game
because that's where the industry is and
like I would accept 70 at this point
because everyone else is charging 70 so
why shouldn't Nintendo but at the same
time this is a $60 game comparatively to
what we're used to right I mean this is
still a normal
like and this could have released on
Switch
one without the 4K 60 and it wouldn't
look as pretty, but the the game could
still have been a switch one
game. There look there's there's another
I'm thinking all of this out loud.
There's another side to this where some
people do think it's worth 80 some and
everyone's opinions are valid. So, let's
talk about that.
Look, if any video game is worth $80, in
my probably biased opinion, but I think
accurate opinion personally from what I
judge as quality video games in in the
marketplace, if any video game is worth
80, it would be a Nintendo game. because
I feel like Nintendo are really the main
and and sometimes only company that
works on a video game until it's done
that puts out polished quality
experiences with no bugs, no issues, um
that are fun to their core and they will
be fun for years to come. The value in
Nintendo games are there. So if you were
to like if you were, you know, gun to
your
head, someone was like, "Pick a video
game company, all their games are going
to be 80 from now
on." Uh, and you have to judge it based
on value of what they're giving you. I
think most people would say Nintendo.
Like Xbox games, they're not 80.
PlayStation games, some of them probably
should be
80. Could be 80, not should be, you
know. GTA 6, that's probably an $80
game. But in general, to the to to to
those people that are saying yes to
this, sure, Nintendo games are the ones
that should be 80 or could be 80 in the
industry. I agree with
that. But if we're going to do it, can
we justify it? You know,
like
sorry
from L L take. Did you just get
here? That uh what I just said is not an
L take for one. What I just said is me
trying to understand why it could be 80,
but that's not my actual take. I've
already said my take. Rewind the
stream. Uh, ladies, ladies and gentlemen
of the jury. That is not my official
stance. I was trying to
understand why I I was trying to give
reason why a Nintendo game would be
worth 80. But I don't feel like this
game is worth
80, personally.
Oh, wait. Are you saying L take because
it is worth 80? Oh, right. I forgot that
there are some people in chat.
Sorry. Yeah, if you think it's worth 80,
that's probably an
LTE. Sorry about that. Sorry about
that. All Hey, all opinions are valid.
If you think it's worth
80, it's your wallet. I
understand.
Um, yeah. I don't I don't know what else
to say. I I really went into this direct
uh hoping to hear them honestly, what I
was hoping to hear them say is like
we're supporting this game moving
forward for the next year or two.
There'll be DLC, extra uh maps, um extra
content, and they'll be provided free.
Uh that's why we're charging more
because we want some some wiggle room to
keep developing for this game moving
forward. Almost like a live service.
That's honestly what I was kind of
expecting them to say. That was
something I was looking at or or or
hoping to hear. That's kind of if you
were to like if I was a betting man,
that's where I would have put my money.
with what was going to happen today and
it just wasn't
there. There's two main modes, the
traditional Mario Kart and then the
knockout
mode. They also threw in battle mode and
a coin mode, but it doesn't seem to be
that fleshed
out. Tons of characters. You can change
their outfits by eating food.
You can grind rails and there's an empty
open
world.
Yeah. Yeah, that's a rough
one. I I feel like this could have been
an $80 game if if it went above and
beyond what we expect from Nintendo, but
this is kind of just what I expect from
Nintendo. This is just the next Mario
Kart, and it looks fun.
It's only 80. So, you buy the $500
Switch, too. I don't know what that
means. I mean, there is one if you're a
I'd pay $100, but I'm a fanboy.
Look, if Mario Kart is like your thing,
if it's like your favorite game ever,
then sure, it it the value is different
to you. I suppose you would pay whatever
to play
it. But I think in general, I'm trying
to I'm trying to weigh this up
unbiasedly. you know,
um cuz like for me, if if the next Zelda
was $80, I would feel the same way. I
would be like, well, honestly, that
game's going to be worth a hundred to
me, but I don't think it's going to be
worth a hundred to the to the industry
at
large. Um, yeah, let me finish that
thought. So, the Switch 2 bundle for 500
does come with Mario Kart and it's and
that makes Mario Kart 50. That's a
really good
deal, but that is only if you're okay
with getting it digital, which fine,
whatever. Who I mean, if physical is
worth that much to you, then I guess you
got to pay for it. I don't know what to
tell you. I guess you're screwed. And
I'm in that boat, too. But there is a
good deal you can get here by buying the
Mario Kart bundle. And I guess, yeah, as
long as you don't care about getting it
physical, no one actually has to pay 80.
We can all get it for
50, you know? I mean, the only route, I
guess, where someone wouldn't be able to
get it for 50 is like if someone bought
them the Switch without it and then they
had to buy it separately, but then I
guess they got a free Switch
or Yeah. I don't know what realm I don't
know what realm there is for people to
have to pay 80 other than wanting it
physical. I I think it's a little bit
more also like the president that it's
setting cuz like if there's no real
reason why this is 80, then what's
stopping them for just charging 80 on
any game? What I want to know is too the
bundle is limited time. Oh,
really? How long is limited time?
Because that does change things for
sure.
Another thing I want to know here is
like they're charging 70 for Donkey
Kong,
right? So like does Donkey Kong
suck? Why is Mario Kart 80 but Donkey
Kong is 70?
That's another reason why I really
thought in this direct they would
explain or offer something like
more. Because if this is just a standard
Mario Kart and it's it's worth 80, then
what's wrong with Donkey Kong that it's
only a $70 game, not as popular? Yeah,
but we can't we're not charging for
popularity here. I mean, apparently we
are, and you're right, but that's not
what this is supposed to be about. We're
not supposed to be charging for
popularity of a franchise or an IP.
We're supposed to be charging for what
the game is
offering. So, if Donkey Kong's only 70,
and I say only in the context here, you
understand? If the Donkey Kong is only
70, what's it not offering? Is it does
is Nintendo saying it's not as good of a
game? It's not as polished. It's not as
finished. It's not what like what is
what is what is Donkey Kong not
doing? Multiplayer. Yeah, but Mario Kart
is multiplayer. That's the whole thing.
There's no single
player. I mean, $8 is two week paycheck
for me. So, I don't know if I'll ever
play the game.
Uh I don't know. I don't know how I
feel. I guess uh I guess it doesn't
matter, does it? I mean, what does it
matter? Nintendo will not address this.
I just want you to know Nintendo will
not address
this. The price is 80. The price isn't
coming
down unless no one buys it, which I I
just don't think it's going to
happen. I think there will be people
that won't buy it, but I think as a
whole, especially at launch, everyone
getting that bundle, I don't think it's
going to play a big effect in in the
grand scheme of
things. So, I guess it just is what it
is. It's
80. Pay it if you want. Pay don't if you
don't. You
know, hot take. The only game I'm
spending 80 on is the next Smash
Brothers. That's the thing though.
That's the thing that I was saying like
what with what Ham said. If it's your
favorite IP, if it's your favorite
franchise, you're going to be more
inclined to pay more and you're going to
be more happy to pay more. But that's
kind of what Nintendo are praying on
here, that you love the franchise, that
you love the IP, that everyone loves
Mario Kart. 60 million people or
something bought it last time, so they
know they can charge more. They're
charging you for your nostalgia. They're
charging you
for your love for the
franchise, which isn't and hasn't been
Nintendo to me. And look, look, maybe
I'm missing something here. I I'm
disappointed in in what they've
done.
And maybe I'm missing something here. I
look, I I I really am fine with them
charging $80 for a game if they can
justify it.
If they can break past video game norms
and they can do something really special
that we haven't seen in gaming before.
If they can innovate, if they can
Nintendo it up and, you know, and do
something different. I will pay
$80 if a game is worth
it, you know. Well, I'll be happy with
paying 80, I should
say. I'm not happy with paying 80 just
because I love Mario
Kart. What? The more I love something,
the more I have to pay. I'm not even
that big of a fan of Mario
Kart. What if I get like a Mario Kart
tattoo of like a blue shell? I'll have
to pay a
hundred. Do I have to start screening
for like tests on how much I love
something? I have a big collection of
Zelda stuff in my house. Do I have to
pay a hundred for the next Breath of the
Wild?
The more I love something, the more it
costs. You know what? I hate Nintendo
now. Can I pay
50? I don't know what to say. Usually I
get out of here right away. I end and I
make a video and I make a reaction. I
don't even know what to say yet. I feel
like if I ended now and I made a
reaction, I would just be disappointed.
Also, can I say something else about
that direct? Did we learn
anything? That was a 15minute direct of
Mario
Kart. Did we actually learn
anything? Was there any new information
that we didn't already know? Like, I'm
being honest.
jump. Well, yeah, we did learn there was
a jump. Wool ride. No, we knew about
wool ride. So, I guess we knew I guess
we learned about jump. Did we know about
jump? I didn't. That was actually the
only thing in there that I was like,
that's new. Okay. So, I don't know. Is
the jump worth $10? Is that what it was?
The hidden collectibles map secrets.
Yeah, I
mean tech. Yes, you are right. the map
secrets, the tiles, and the P switches.
We didn't know about that. But at the
same time, is that not kind of a given?
And
also, I was kind of hoping for more. So,
I don't know. That kind of like equaled
out to nothing in my
mind. I mean, P switches are just like
activating coins in the world. Did we
not think there were coins in the
world? How much time do you have in
Mario Kart 8 between Wii U and the
Switch? Hours. I I couldn't tell
you. Uh especially on Wii U. I played
the Wii U version more than the Switch
version. I I because there wasn't
anything else to play on Wii U.
Literally countless
hours. Oh, the rewind function. Yeah,
true. Rewind was
new. The rewind and the
jump. Yeah, rewind time. That is
new. Cuz there's nothing I love more in
Mario Kart
than intentionally going backwards in a
race. No, the rewind is cool. I will
never use it, but it's cool.
What do I do? What do I
say? What do you think the reactions are
online? Can we look at
that? Can I pull up Twitter actually?
Cuz we're right now we're in a little
bit of an echo
chamber. I would love to know what
YouTube and and Twitter
thinks. Let's let them form my opinion
for me.
All right. There's no reaction videos
out yet. We don't know about those ones
are like, "Okay, get up and watch." But
any direct on a game, you might think
that it's worth it. You might think that
it's not, you know. So, that's at least
my opinion at
least. Uh, Bill Trin hinted Doug never
said that it was the it was the guy
Trent
or some tracks. It would just be like,
well, you just don't get them. There'd
be no DLC. Um, but this time they
actually just put all the retro tracks
or I mean I don't know if it was all
That's my buddy OJ. I was trying to see
what he said, but I can't really sit
here watching a whole
stream.
Um, I don't really know. How do I
find my whole timeline is going to be
about H3 and wrestling. That's what it
always is.
and whatever that
is. How do I find just about
Nintendo? Wait, I should probably type
in Mario
Kart.
Spawnwave. What did he
say? That's it. That's the Mario Kart
world.
Nintendo really hyped up Marut World's
director to show us stuff we've already
seen. Mario Kart World. This is from
Nathaniel. This is from friend of the
show.
Nathaniel had almost no new info. The
new stuff could have just been the
Switch 2 direct. I mean, I do agree with
that actually.
Mario Kart World has hundreds of
missions, collectible coins, and more to
collect in free roam. Wait, where are
the hundreds of missions? The return of
Mario Kart DS mode. This game is it. I'm
pretty happy about it. Okay, well,
Stealth is
happy. Why isn't Diddy Kong in the
game? Also, can we talk about the Mario
Kart World map? It is literally the
Breath of the Wild
map. Mario Kart World
map. Is this not just the Breath of the
Wild
map? But like someone said it's the
Breath of the Wild map but flipped and
it kind of I mean here's Hy
Rollle a lava mountain which is usually
over here an ice area which is usually
over here. There's even like a forest
like a where the master sword is which I
think the forest is usually about here
in Breath of the
Wild and then like the desert which in
the desert's in the right spot actually.
And then like the coast is even in the
right spot over here where the coast is
in Breath of the Wild.
Okay, this website sucks, but uh I found
a colored version of the
map. So, you see like this coast area.
It's like the same. It literally looks
the same like with like the little flick
there.
Whoops. And then the little flick down
here. What is
happening? And then the mountain and the
ice. The mountain and the ice. I mean,
was this on
purpose? It's the same
picture. Riveting stuff comparing Breath
of the Wild and Mario Kart World map. My
guy, you can leave. You don't have to be
here.
Entitled gamer. All right. Well, hold
on. You're just living up to your name
to be fair. Is this not interesting? Can
I get a one in chat if this is
interesting? You don't find the
identical maps interesting?
I mean, I don't think I'm
alone. The entitled gamer, you called
them a shill. That's
funny. Oh, shoes on the other foot now,
huh?
EG. All right. I don't know what I don't
know what else to say or what to do.
All right, final thoughts. The game
looks sick. The game looks super fun.
Uh, it's definitely going to be the best
Mario Kart. To me, it looks like a
normal evolution of a series. It looks
like Mario Kart 8, but with better
graphics, and they've added an open
world. There's not much to do in that
open world, but they have added it.
Um, I don't know if I personally see any
extra over-the-top effort to make it
specifically worth
$80. Nintendo have said they're doing
variable pricing now depending on what
they deem a game worth. If that's the
case, I personally would have liked to
have heard why Mario Kart World is
deemed to be $80.
Maybe they thought it speaks for itself.
And I don't feel like I am being too
overly critical or overly judgmental to
say I don't think it speaks for
itself.
I I play every Nintendo game that comes
out. Uh I've played every Mario Kart.
Uh, I see more value in a game like
Tears of the Kingdom being 80 than a
game like Mario Kart World being 80. I'm
a little shocked by the price on this
one. And I'm I'm not
sure where the extra charge is coming
from. That said, if you love Mario Kart,
uh, I'm sure this will be $80 worth of
value to you. As far as video games go
and replayability goes, you can probably
squeeze $80 out of this better than you
can uh most other games because you it's
replayable and you can play it forever.
I mean that that is the case with other
Mario Karts, too, but uh I'm trying to
be fair. I'm trying
to be
fair.
Um
yeah, I'm really shocked. I'm really
shocked that Nintendo uh increased the
price that high and they didn't just go
to
70 cuz 70 is still a jump up from
them. Uh yeah, I'm shocked they didn't
go to
70. Yeah, I'm pretty I'm pretty just
shocked. I really don't know. That's my
opinion. That's my
opinion. You can have your opinion. Um
that's my opinion. Um I hope you
appreciate my opinion and I and I
appreciate your opinion. Uh, I can only
I can only be me. I can only have my
opinion. I can only do what I do and I
can only be me and I can only have my
opinion and that's mine. And uh maybe
it'll change when I play the
game. I don't think so. I don't I don't
think I don't know if I'll
ever and you can clip this and save it
so when I make a
review. I don't believe in my review I
will tell people that it's worth 80.
I believe in my review I will most
likely say yeah this is really fun and
it's Mario Kart and if you love Mario
Kart you should probably buy it but I
don't think it's worth 80 over any other
video game especially any other video
game that Nintendo has
made. I feel like that that's what I'm
predicting. I will say unless I, you
know, play this game and my pants are
literally blown
off, you
know. All right, I'm going to go. I I
have I I'm going to make a video with my
thoughts here and I'm going to upload it
and then later today I'll have the
podcast. So, if anything changes in my
opinion or any information online um and
I didn't get to it uh while live or in
my video that I'm about to make, I will
discuss it on my podcast, you can come
into the chat. Um if you're watching
this after or you've been watching this
whole time, I apologize. I was kind of
bummed out uh by it. I mean, I hate when
I do these reactions and I'm not in the
best mood, but I mean, it does seem like
most of chat was with me and I can only
have the opinion that I have and I can
only be as excited as I am, you know.
So,
uh, I love you all so much. This is not
a reflection on any of you or me. This
is just what's happening right now. Um,
and I appreciate everybody that
appreciates my opinion and I appreciate
all of your opinions. If you think it's
worth 80, if you don't think it's worth
80, it's your wallet. at the end of the
day, you know, it's your wallet. That's
that is life. That is literally how life
works. I feel like sometimes we get
really bogged down in like uh in certain
ways of thinking, but like if you go to
the store and you see a really nice jar
of honey, you know, locally sourced farm
born
honey, you know, and you're like, "Oh, I
love honey. I would love to take this
home." and you pick it up and you look
at the bottom of the jar and it says
$35. That's your choice to make. If you
can afford it and you really love honey,
you should buy it. You know, if you
really want it, it's locally made. It's
probably the best honey you can get.
It's probably delicious. Spread that
spread that crap on your toast and have
a great time. You've you've made your
money. You've earned it. You deserve to
be spoiled. If you look at the bottom of
that honey and you go, I cannot afford
that and regular honey is fine with me.
That's how life works and that's what
most people will do. You will put that
honey down, you won't buy it. Maybe
you'll come back in a couple of months
and it'll be almost expired and they'll
drop the price down to 20 and you'll be
like, "You know what? I can afford that
honey now." Not as fresh as it was when
I first saw it, but still probably
better than that little bare plastic jar
that you see at Target supermarket. And
maybe you buy it then, but that's how
the marketplace works, you know?
That's for you to decide.