Hi guys, we're back. I'm under a
blanket. Eric's just
chilling. We're back.
Um, yeah, sorry it looks weird. The
screen won't let me up the brightness
because we're only at 3%. But it is
charging. So, we definitely can confirm
that last inverter we bought was just
defective because this one's already
stayed on longer.
I know it looks weird.
Hi. I have no idea what our actual total
is at. So, you can just ignore the
total. It's in there somewhere. Yeah, I
literally can't see the screen
otherwise. Well, it's still going up.
That's all I want. I'll make sure it's
still going up. I can read the chat from
my phone now. All right, cool.
It'll eventually let me put the screen
brightness back up. Probably once I'm at
five or
10. Oh, uh, in the box. I want to make
sure that, you know, if one died, one
still charged if we were walking back
and
forth. All
right. Okay. So, here is the Earth. All
right, we're back.
Yay. Now for some ASMR.
Hey, you know, for basically not having
any way to charge the thing, it lasted
two hours. That's not bad. Yeah. Thank
you, computer, for not sucking.
I just keep watching it to see like is
it still going up? When the car shuts
itself off and we're back down to Oh
crap, the battery is dead. Car shouldn't
shut itself off. The heat's on. That's
not on auto setting. It's just on
blasting. Fair enough. Which makes the
engine run. The engine's how it heats
up.
Anyways, get the chat open here.
Yep. That's what I'm trying to do to
Yeah, I got it. What are you talking
about? This is my YouTube. Are we back?
Are we back? Back. Back. Back. Back.
Hey, there we are. Yeah, we should be
live. Hey, we're up people. I don't know
what we're up to. How about 85 watching?
Better than the 56 it dropped down to.
I don't know what's going on. Did the
stream die? No, not that I know of.
Yeah. No, it did.
Huh? It stopped.
I'm pretty sure it
died. I'm pretty sure it died. It It's
Walmart's Wi-Fi now. Oh, yeah. It's
probably too congested now.
Yep. Wi-Fi issues. I mean, it's saying
excellent connection at the moment. But
are we actually live? Yeah. Yeah, I'm
seeing you. I'm watching you put your
blanket over your head. So,
okay, guys. Are we actually live? Chat,
say something. stream is good. Okay.
Yeah. Okay. It might have just been my
phone. We have different cell phone
networks, too. So, yeah. So, all right.
As long as it's working, we're cool.
It's the charging. It's still going up
in percentage. The the thing is, you see
the blanket up? It's because the
screen's at the lowest brightness. Yeah.
It won't let me fix it. So, because of
the battery is too low.
The battery is still going up. So, the
fact that it went up like 5%. It's only
like a percent a minute. So, yeah.
Viper, the chips. I mean, to me, they're
laughably not spicy, but if you can't
handle
spice, I mean, it's probably not the
best idea. All right. No, our lips are
going to be out of sync. What do you
expect? We're using Walmart Wi-Fi that's
like 200 feet away. Oh, yeah.
But it's the best Wi-Fi we got. Yeah.
So, we got better than our
phones. You're first at GameStop as
well. Nice. There's someone there's
someone I think waiting in that truck.
Yeah, they haven't gotten out yet cuz
you know it's [ __ ] cold and there's
no one else here. So, Right. They don't
need to, but I'm kind of surprised that
there's not more people here. That's all
right. Who cares? Yeah. No, I know.
When do you pre-order it? When the store
opens.
When the store opens.
Only five people here, including me.
You've been here since 11:00 p.m. last
night. Night. Wow. Only 50. 15 people in
Minneapolis.
Wow. Depends on what store. Yeah, they
have multiple GameStops. Oh, I know
that. But Joe
Taku coming in. My first pre-order in
all my 35 years of living. Got the
bundle through Walmart. Nice. Is your Is
your Is your Walmart one going to arrive
on launch or is it uh one of the ones
that's arriving after launch? Some
people have gotten emails that their
order is quoteunquote delayed, which
means you're not on the launch
wave. I'm just curious.
I haven't gotten that email yet on my
Walmart one, but I'll double check.
God
knows. Mine's been delayed or
something. It's one to give away. So, I
guess it's delayed. That sucks for them,
not me.
Hey, it's at 5%.
It might be. I keep hoping. It might be
like 10 or 15, but it might be a while.
That's all right. That's why we can read
the chat. As long as it's still going
up. Yeah, it's all I care about. Is it
going up?
Oh, yeah. Yeah. No, absolutely. Do not
cancel orders. Oh, no. Yeah. You don't
If you have extra pre-orders, don't
cancel because you don't know. They
could have the the rug pulled on you
like a month from now. Like it it's
happened many times. Like if you have
like two or three pre-orders in, just
keep them. And then when you get almost
to June, that's when you can decide to
which ones you're going to cancel. Or uh
maybe at that point you have friends or
family that want it, maybe they'll buy
it off you, you know. Yeah.
Yeah. Your Walmart says June 6th. So
you're not a launch day one, Jack. Yeah.
You're the second wave. Yep. You're in
the second wave, Jack. Yeah. So that's
what Walmart does. Um Walmart Walmart
has definitely been selling more than
just day one units. I think Target did
the same thing. But Target Target did
the same thing. Target did the same
thing almost right away. Well, that's
because it sold out in like two seconds.
[ __ ] ridiculous. Because they went
live early. They didn't have a Q system.
That's why. And they didn't have a Q
system. Oh, I don't know. The bots got
all the [ __ ] stuff the minute it went
live and then it left a second wave
that's after launch for everyone else.
It's [ __ ] [ __ ]
It's just
[ __ ]
But, you know, hip hip [ __ ]
target. Hip hip [ __ ]
Anyways, see we're already back to 342.
All I got to do is restart it.
Low volume. Well, we can increase the
volume. That I can fix. Um Oh, it I mean
I just eliminate background noise, but
the volume the volume's is decreased on
the actual computer. Oh, we we we can
bring it up. I don't want to get like
too loud. Yeah, cuz it's it is a little
windy and
lot of background noise. I mean, if you
got we technically have wind guards we
can put on the mics. Yeah. I mean,
probably should. Yeah, probably should.
You're not going. Yeah, I got both.
Yeah.
I think that's the right one.
I've got four of them. I don't know how
this works.
Twist on. You guys are going to Yeah,
twist on. See, it's got the twist. But I
don't know. So, there's a circle ring.
Yeah. Go on and twist like that.
Got it. Yeah. Once I've done it before.
Yeah. Yeah. Anyways, that should
eliminate some of the wind. Yeah, I got
some super chats coming in that I can't
see. I got to look at my phone. Uh, two
of them. Uh, Shark Messiah 101 says,
"Not sure if you remember me from last
night, but I chatted saying I wouldn't
go to sleep till I got to switch shoes."
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I did. End up sleeping.
Got your bundle. Hell yeah, man. Nice. I
remember you. Yep. Jotaku. So far, my
order says we'll arrive 9:00 a.m. June
5th. There you go. You're probably
you're probably in the launch the launch
bunch then. But again, this is one of
those things, as Jake Randall has
pointed out, just because you have a
pre-order in, the unfortunate thing, it
doesn't mean you're safe, right? So,
when I have like people being like,
"Well, you guys got four pre-orders and
Well, yeah. One, giveaways. That's what
they're for." Yep. And two, there's no
guarantee that some of those don't get
cancelled. We are 100% not sculping
these things. No, we are giving these
away to you guys. Yeah. So, the thing
is, the only way I've ever I because
I've had this happen to happened with
with with the PlayStation 5. And
unfortunately, PS5 did not have any um
inperson pre-orders. It was all online
because of COVID. Even though Xbox
launched around the same time, they did
in person, but uh they didn't do in
person with PS5. So, I had a PS5
pre-order in and my pre-order got
cancelled like two weeks later. So, uh
it was it was ridiculous. So, like you
have to remember is that even if you
have an online pre-order, you're not
technically safe. This is the thing.
This is why in-person pre-orders are so
huge. And it sucks there's only one
outlet doing it. Yeah. Because if you
get a pre-order Oh, I mean, show you
guys right up on the wall. There's
allocated units for this store. the
number on the wall that it says the 33
um the 33 of the bundle and the 14 of
the standard those this store will
guarantee have that day one. Mhm. So if
you got one of those pre-orders, you
will be able to walk in day one and get
it. So you don't even have to go to the
midnight launch. You just walk in day
one and you'll get it. Now if you're 3
days later, that's a little different.
They have like a 72-hour window. They
will offer you a refund if you don't
show up in 3 days unless you call ahead
of time and let them know you're out of
town or something. Yeah, but the point
is that's why Inerson's so great because
in person they're allocated units. They
they already know they will have that
units at this store. Now, if they don't
sell all those pre-orders, they might
shift it to a different store and that's
fine. But if you got your pre-order at
the store, you're good. Yeah. Even if
they don't do the midnight launch,
you're still good. Show up show up when
they open. So that's the big thing is
like Yeah. This is why Inerson is is the
best. It's always been the best. my
whole entire life. Online always has
cancellations, delays, and you're
relying on shipping where like Walmart
might guarantee 9:00 a.m. But then, oh,
some inclement weather happened. Yeah.
And now it's delayed 5 days. Your Amazon
driver dropped or your package got lost.
Yeah. You got to worry about that when
it's in person. They they literally have
trucks that come here and just dump a
[ __ ] ton of units at the store. Mhm. So,
yeah, it's, you know, I I I've never had
an in-person pre-order not go through,
but I have had online ones get
cancelceled and delayed or not canceled
or delayed, but then they didn't arrive
till two days after it was supposed to
arrive. And that's frustrating when
like, yeah, okay, it's only a couple
days. In the grand scheme, it's not that
big of a deal.
But when you're excited for launch and
other people around you have it because
they got it in person and you thought
you were going to get it and you
didn't, it's frustrating because you
want to play Mario Kart. Like listen,
you want to play Mario Kart with your
friends. Yep. We want to do a hands-on
impressions podcast. Well, can't if I
can't go hands-on, right? Right. Because
we want to do it the same day it comes
out. Hey, Tin Man, I would I would go
depending on when your GameStop opens
and what time zone you're in. I would
get there probably pretty soon. I mean,
I know you're in a small town, which as
are we, and we have we're luckily have
there's maybe one other person in line
maybe, but honestly, the probably the
sooner the better just to just to, you
know, make sure that you get in line.
And the cool thing about the GameStop
one is let's say you keep you go to
GameStop and get a pre-order, but then
you also have one online. Well,
GameStop's just $50 down. Yep. You can
always just cancel that and get a refund
later. Yep. if you decide I'll just keep
the online
one. But what's also what I like about
GameStop is some of you guys were able
to get like I I saw like Player Essence
got a Pro Controller and a camera, but
then he also told me he struggled to get
some of the other accessories he was
trying to get. Um, and some of that
stuff is now sold out. If you're at
GameStop and you're one of the first in
line, you have a very high chance of any
of the accessories you want. If you want
the Zelda amiibo, people have been
talking about how they've been able to
get three of them, but Yonobu. Yeah. It
just keeps selling out like right away.
And it's like, okay, so there's not as
many Yobu. Well, we're first at
GameStop. So, if they have even just one
that they're going to get, we have dibs.
Yeah. One of us will get it. I mean,
you'll get it, but Well, yeah. I mean,
no. Well, I mean, and that's this is
what happened with the the Switch
launch. I wasn't even a YouTuber then,
really. Um, and I got all the Zelda
amiibo at launch for Breath of the Wild.
And why? cuz I was one of the first
people to go in and pre-order and they
only had I think four of each.
No, it it's not each GameStop having 100
units each. It's it's based on the
average. It's an average. So, you're
seeing a lot of GameStops with like 30
units or 80 units. Yeah. But we're also
seeing and I' I put screenshots up on uh
Twitter about this. We're seeing
screenshots of like 150 at some some
stores because it's 100 average is what
the news was. It wasn't, oh, every
GameStop will have 100. No, no, no. That
wouldn't make any sense because there's
some game stops that they won't even
have 100 people that want to come to
pre-order. So why why would they
allocate them any units? Like we're
right here with 47. We have one, two,
probably three people waiting. I'm not
saying that more won't come later. I'm
not saying that they won't sell out
these pre-orders. They obviously feel
like, oh, they can sell about 47 of
them. Yep. But what if they only sell
27? They're still going to do their
midnight launch, they told me. But
that's because GameStop promised. Right.
Right. Right. They promised midnight
launches. So they're still going to do
the midnight launches. But then those
other units, if they don't sell out in
the next month, they might go, "Okay,
well, let's reallocate those to online
or let's reallocate those to a store
that did sell out in a short and they
have a waiting list and they're going to
be like, oh, we just got 20 more. Let's
call the first 20 people on the waiting
list." Yeah. You know, because the units
aren't technically here. Yeah. But if
they sell them out, they're guaranteed
to get all of them. But they are guarant
they don't, you're still guaranteed to
get the ones they did they did sell. And
that doesn't mean if they didn't sell
out, they're gonna have extra units on
day one. As I said, they're going to
move the allocation around. They can't
move it once it's at the store, but it
this isn't going to ship to the store
till like a week before it comes out.
Yeah.
So, been through this many a
time. The worst was when I was a a kid.
It was for the
uh
the original Xbox store opening
countdown timers about three hours.
Someone from my high school at Best Buy
when they were doing Inerson pre-orders
back then. It was we were there for like
40
hours and the line was like 300 long and
they had no sign on the door how many
they had. And then they got here, what
are you guys all here for? Why is there
such a long line? Uh, we're here to
pre-order the Xbox. Yeah, Xbox. What is
that? The employee didn't even know.
Looks it up. Yeah, I got bad news. You
got Oh, you're not doing any. We have
two.
Well, nice. I got it. Yeah. I was I was
I was I was first in line, but yeah. No,
it was it was wild. But like the Switch
2 has way more stock than usual. Like
when we're when we're seeing stores with
over a 100 units and we're seeing stores
with 80 and even 30, the Nintendo Switch
only had like 15 at our store. Yeah. So
like this is significantly more stock
than is usual. Like when I I did the
Xbox Series X, they only had 20 units.
Like this is the the stock for Switch 2
is significantly higher. It's also why,
as an example, today, uh, people were
still able to get pre-orders in like two
hours later through the Q lines because
there was enough. Mhm. Now, Walmart, I
don't know if it's still for sale on
Walmart, but um, the last person I knew
that purchased from Walmart, they
noticed that it's not shipping on launch
day. So, Walmart has already shifted
into the second wave. They're just
taking those orders now. Usually the
second wave orders would happen like a
week from now, but they're they're doing
it right away, which that's it's
Walmart's prerogative. It's their stock,
right? You know, they they know how many
they're going to get in that second
shipment. So, they say as long as they
know how many they're getting and and
the thing about Walmart is, guys, let's
say you are working, right? You're
watching this at work, so you can't go
to GameStop and get it in person, and
when you get off work, they're sold out.
Let's say you couldn't get any of the
online stuff because GameStop online
orders begin in like an hour and 22
minutes. So, I thought it was only 30. I
thought it was 22 minutes. It begins at
10 a.m. March. Okay. It's 11 a.m.
Easter. Okay. So, yeah, this So, let's
say you couldn't get that. So, let's say
you just you just had really bad luck.
The site's crap. You couldn't get
through. You got nothing and everything
is sold out and the only orders that you
can get is like a Walmart back order for
a week or two
later. You're not out of luck. You have
one more
option. Take June 4th and June 5th off
and go camp at Walmart.
They always
have
unallocated in-person units that are not
pre-ordered that you can buy. Now, they
might only have
three, but they will have some. Every
Walmart will have at least a couple. And
that's why I said take June 4th and
fifth. You really got to make sure
you're like first. It's what I had to do
for Wii U. Um because I couldn't get a
pre-order for Wii U. Those things sold
out so fast, but they also had such a
little stock of it. They had three units
at launch and I was first in line at at
Walmart to get it without a pre-order.
So, all hope isn't lost. It's just also,
do you care enough to do the campo?
Like, that's the thing. Not every you
don't need you don't need the system at
launch. I know like I'm a Nintendo
Switch YouTuber, Switch to Nintendo guy.
So, like, hey, FOMO, everybody buy, but
I'm not here to sell Nintendo's
products. I'm buying them and giving
them away for crying out loud. So, what
I actually care about is that one, don't
feel like bad if you don't get one day
one. Um, and
just it's okay. Like, maybe maybe you
don't want it till Donkey Kong comes
out. Maybe Mario Kart isn't your isn't
your jam. You don't have to have it day
one. It's okay. Here's the reality. 150
plus million Switches sold. They didn't
all sell day
one. You know, there is then. So yeah,
it it sounds like it's going to be a
record launch, it might be a record
first 12 months. Um, but what is clear,
if we don't learn nothing from
pre-orders today, Nintendo is stocking
the [ __ ] out of this
system. Furkawa promised a lot of stock
and they've delivered a lot of stock. Is
it enough to keep up? Well, no. There's
so many people that want it day one,
it's not. They've publicly admitted it's
not enough. But I think they've reached
a healthy point. They put a lot of units
out there. They are selling out in most
territories. Most territories are going
to second, third, and fourth waves. Um,
you know, they know they don't have
enough for
Japan. So, that's good because by the
time they catch up, Donkey Kong drops.
So, for Nintendo, this is good news
because right as it the stock starts to
catch up and you start to see some on a
shelf, boom, another system seller
drops. I mean, that's that that's all
good. This is all good for Nintendo.
It's always frustrating for consumers
when you can't get what you want. But
it's what would not be good for Nintendo
is to go into day one and you can walk
into all the retailers and they have
like 50 of them on their shelf. You know
what that means? The pre-orders didn't
do so hot. Either that or they really
killed stocking. Yeah. Well, it's just
not a good Yeah. No.
So anyways, there's not going to be 50
here on the shelf anymore. No, I can't
read the power. I'm gonna go see if it's
still on. Hopefully. Well, whatever.
They can still hear me. Yeah. No, I
know.
How many line right now? I'm pretty sure
it Nate and I and maybe one other
person. Oh, yeah. We definitely just had
a defective one. Fun. This thing's been
running for like 30 minutes now. Nice.
Yeah.
Well, the good news is it when you get
one that's not defective, it works.
Yeah. So, thank God. Yeah. So, it's not
actually a waste of money. You just have
to get it non-deective. Right. Well,
what are the chances? Well, okay. The
first one I understood wasn't enough
wattage for what it was drawing. Right.
Right. Right. Even though it could
technically charge it, yeah, it'd have
to be through USBC, which is the same
wattage I'm getting off of that. Yeah.
This is enough watts, but I was like,
okay, it says it could take 400
continuous up to 250 per plug. This is
only pulling 240. I don't even pull on
the max. Right. Right. I should It
should have even blown. It didn't blow.
It just died. Yeah. Um, no. The next
option I think even though I didn't
really want to go back through that
[ __ ] there was a 750 watt inverter.
They have a 750. They have a 750. You
want to be overkill? Yeah, they have a
750 watt inverter. 60 bucks, but still.
Yeah. God, I can run a [ __ ] fridge
off that. Yeah. I mean, I know this
claims it could run appliances. I don't
know. Some of my appliances are drawing
more than 250 watts. Yeah. Do you think
a one tab SD card is mandatory?
Okay. So, if you're going digital, yes.
Yeah. Yeah. If if you're if you're going
digital or going game key card, Yeah. Um
the game file sizes are massive. Uh
Mario Kart World is literally now the
official biggest Nintendo game ever
released. It's 23 24 gigs. It's Mario
Kart. Yeah. Now, we know Donkey Kong
isn't as big, but how big do you think
the next Zelda is going to be? The next
Mario is going to be. And then this
isn't considering like do you want like
third party games, right? Um, we know
Cyber Punk is is is almost 64 gigs. Uh,
we know like Hogwarts Legacy is like 51
or 70 or something like that. So, like
256 is enough to put a put, you know,
four or five games on. Yeah. But, uh,
and if Nintendo games maybe more like
eight, right? Right. But it's still like
And guys, I'm talking about this. This
isn't bringing any of your Switch One
library over, right? How many of you
already have like a terabyte or 512 in
your Switch One and it's almost full and
you plan to bring all that over. You
aren't going to even have enough on the
internal storage to even begin to put a
Switch 2 game on. So, right, it going to
feel like it's almost required. Yeah, to
a certain extent. Yeah. And now I have
the one tab. Yep. So do I. And I know
you can use multiple one tabytes tech.
You can do it on Switch as well. Uh you
So you can have like one with all your
Switch one stuff, one with all your
Switch two stuff. Got it. I'm not doing
that. I'm going to stick with the the
the the one tab and I'll just archive
and just keep the games I'm actively
playing. I really wish they would have
put two SD slots in. I just it would
have been nice. Well, here's the thing.
The the problem the reason there's no
two terabyte micro SD Express is because
nothing I know, but no mainstream device
had it. Right. Right. So like this is
the first mainstream device requiring
it. I'm surprised one tabyte got out
that quick because it didn't even exist
until like a month ago. Yeah.
Um, so it would have been nice since you
only have one uh terabyte if they would
have included two slots. And it's not
that expensive to do it. I've been
saying this the whole time. I I wish
Nintendo would include two micro SD card
slots. There are cameras that include
two SD card slots. No reason Nintendo
couldn't have done two, right? Um,
that's what I also understand to the
point like, okay, if somebody has a
terabyte, that's probably good for most
people. Yeah, but still it is. Um, but I
would like two slots because I think
about it like this. Well, when the two
terabytes drop, it's four terabytes. I'm
[ __ ] way good then, right? But it's
just not going to happen. So, but the
thing is Nintendo's archive feature is
pretty nice. And reality is, do I need
my entire library installed at all
times? No, not really. Especially me
that I don't really replay games. So,
mostly like my multiplayer games that,
you know, I play periodically like the
Mario Karts, the Smash Bros., the
Fortnites, all that stuff. Sure, I'll
keep all that installed. U but like a
lot of my single player games when I
beat it, I'm done. Do I need to keep
them installed? Probably not. Um, and
then some of them I have physically
anyways, but I will say because it looks
like so many third-party games are game
key cards, if you are a heavy
third-party game person, you're going
all digital basically,
right? Um, I'm telling you right now
though, support Cyberpunk 2077. I am not
a shill for them. I I love the Witcher
series. I've never even played
Cyberpunk. They're putting the entire
game on a cartridge. They're like the
only company doing it. We couldn't even
get Bravely Default on a cartridge,
right? We
literally the game's like eight gigs. We
couldn't even get that on a cartridge.
So that that's Square Enix. Yeah. So I'm
just like Sega's not putting them on
cartridges. Square Enix isn't putting
them on cartridges. Okay. So support the
company that is so we can get enough
sales of that to let them know if you do
this we will buy it.
Um obviously it has to be a quality
game. You don't just buy a game to buy a
game. Cyber Punk is is usually is
generally today anyway is considered a
quality game. Now, I'm not saying you
should wait for reviews obviously
because if if this version sucks really
bad uh for hands-on impressions seem to
be pretty good. Uh the 20 the dipping to
23 FPS isn't so hot,
but it's in one of the hardest to run
parts of the game. So, and this is this
is in this in Forest in the single
digits. Drop further than that on the on
the uh Steam Deck. Yes. Yes, it does.
Drops into the teens. Yeah. Yeah. Um I
don't I saw this come up. I'm pretty
sure Express D cards do will work on
Switch One. Yeah, they'll work on switch
one, but you won't get the speeds. You
just won't get the extra speeds. Yeah,
because they don't have the reader
because micro SD Express can work as a
normal micro SD card, but you'll you're
you're topping out at 240. Yep. You just
don't It doesn't have the correct reader
to get the full speed on it. Buy it is
what I'm saying. Unless you're not
unless you just want to get ahead. Yeah.
Buy it now, right? Even if you don't
plan to get a Switch 2 now, just so you
have it. But you got to note when you
format it to your Switch one, you put in
Switch two, it's going to reformat it.
Let you know that right now. So like you
you can't transfer your data like that.
You have to do an actual system
transfer. I'm actually curious. I'm not
trading in my Switch. Yeah. He goes,
"How can I like show you the difference
between how the games run if I don't
have a Switch?" Right. I mean, there is
and it's a Zelda ones. I kind of look
like a collector. I mean, I got I got my
Switch. Yeah, I see. I see. But because
they have a transfer I'm not trading
right now. They have a transfer program
though. I don't care. I'm actually
curious how that transfer program works.
But the thing is I'm not trading in my
Zelda Switch. Yeah. Hey, I'm going to
retire it someday. Yeah. Probably
quickly after Switch 2 comes out, right?
And it'll just sit in the background of
my videos, but it's a collector's item.
Yeah. You know, mine is too.
Mine's off comparisons. But mine's
original run. So this is a stream cut
against a streak. It is not a standard
stream. You know that tells you. Yeah.
Right. Come on. I don't even have the
beer here to drink.
Well, I mean, you could walk 20 feet and
get it. Hello, Dave. The only way I
could be sure is to have the same amount
as you in a couple years to make it
happen for me to be in a relationship. I
don't know what I'm doing. What is going
on with that? Dave Dave was just
spamming that that exact same thing over
and over again. Well, hello Dave, if
you're still watching. Hi. Hi. Because
getting banned doesn't mean you can't
watch or timed out. Yeah.
Um, relationships are hard. Yeah,
they're hard. Uh, I know my fiance's
pissed right now. She's not actually mad
at me, although she probably is now
because our teenage daughter cocked off
this morning and made it threw a huge
fit over a cell phone that we don't even
want her to have and refused to go to
school. So now she doesn't get her cell
phone at all at our house anymore. So
that's a whole thing. And she's trying
not to like text and yell at me. She
knows this is a work thing and she
supports it.
She's the kids are she my our daughter
in particular is very
disrespectful. It's just teenagers, man.
I mean, I was a disrespectful little
[ __ ] as a teenager. So,
uh, how long until GameStop goes live?
Uh, the online pre-orders go live in an
hour and 10 minutes. Hold on. Hold on.
Do not buy any physical where the game
is not on the
cartridge. Why? Why would you not? Wait,
who said that? Uh, Anthony W. Don't
Don't buy Oh, you mean don't buy He's
saying don't buy any game key cards.
Yeah. Why? I mean, I I it I'm
guaranteeing you a lot. That's going to
be the only option for a lot of games.
It sucks. Well, no. Digital. You can
just buy it through the shop. Yes. But
what I'm saying is don't buy that
because you're supporting game key cards
over physical. But but if you want
physical, that's possibly going to be
the only way you're going to get
physical. Well, that's the only problem.
People don't consider it physical.
That's the thing. Do I have something in
my hand? All right. 16%. Can I change
it? Can I trade that in? It's basically
a physical game. Well, the way I I look
at it is the the the benefit of game key
cards. So, what do we have today? We
have games that are incomplete on carts
and discs. Yep. We've had and you have
to download most of the game anyways.
This has been true of like the Switch
generation. It's been absolutely true.
It's been true since like PS1. We've
also had codes in a box. No one likes to
talk about this with Switch because so
many third party games came on 8
gigabyte cards but required 20 30 40
gigabyte even play. What do you No one
bitched about though? I shouldn't say no
one bitched. There wasn't a massive
outrage over over the oh well oh only 8
gigs we have to download the rest of the
game. There wasn't like huge backlash
over that but for some reason there's
backlash over game key cards which are
basically the same thing and you can go
no cuz some of the you're right some of
the games on there and you still can't
play it unless you download the game
that yes some of the game data is on the
8 gigabyte card but you still can't play
it without downloading. Yeah. So it's
the same thing as a game key card. You
have to go online and download the rest
of the game.
But you can still resell that game and
you can still resell game key cards. You
can still borrow them to your friends.
So I look, I'm not a big game key card
fan. I only plan to buy maybe one or two
games that have it. One for sure, just
so I can do some tests with it. But
um I I don't blame people if they do buy
them because unlike buying a digital
copy off the eShop, you can resell this.
Mhm.
That is the big advantage. They are
giving you a digital copy that can be
resold.
So I can't get mad at people if they
want that resale value. Especially since
I know a lot of people they buy like say
four games a year and they trade all
those games in the next year to pay for
new games. I've been there. Why do you
think I don't have a ton of Why do you
think think when you watch my videos I
don't have a giant shelf behind me with
a bunch of physical games? Where do you
think they all went?
They got sold to pay for [ __ ] Yep. You
know, not because I didn't buy them. The
only physical copies on the Switch I
have right now
are Tears of the Kingdom. I got So, I
got the Collector's Edition. I got the
Steel Box. And then I got
um my daughter for my birthday got me
uh Thousand-Year
Door. So, I have that physically
and I think Mario Wonder is physical.
Everything else on my Switch is is is
digital. Now, I used to have a lot more
physical games on Switch. But again, I
hit a hard financial time and I had to
sell everything that wasn't
essential. The only reason I I kept the
Switch is because Ulia demanded that I
need to keep it because I was going to
sell my Switch. But uh she's like,
"Well, you're still going to try to do
this YouTube thing. How can you talk
about Nintendo if you don't have the
platform that they're
I'm still talk about it, but I I I'd
sound like a dumbass at some point
because I have, you know, if you don't
have the hands-on experience, how can
you do these live streams and talk to
people about this [ __ ] if you don't
know? Like, why am I buying a game key
card no matter what on day one?" So, I
could answer questions about it. I can't
answer those questions. I don't want to
rely on like the internet telling me
when I can just test it out. Hey, game
key card. Can I put it in another switch
two and does it work? And then once it
works in that switch too, can we just
pass it back and forth with both systems
being offline and still play?
Don't know. Literally don't know. It
doesn't say on the website. In theory,
we should be able to. Once it did the
online check on the initial install, we
should just be able to pass that game
key card back and forth and it should
just work. But does it? I don't know.
We're both going to have Switch 2. So, I
could test that. We didn't even test it
on the live stream because he You took
the fifth off, right? Yeah. Yeah. Well,
well, I
mean off. Yeah. So, if he gets June 5th
off, he's probably going to be on my day
stream when we're going through all this
[ __ ] Probably, you know, so then we
could do that test. He doesn't be there
all day, but you to some of the stuff
that Hey, I need two switch shoes just
to kind of I may be depending on how
podcast goes and what we decide to do
with that. But yeah, well, podcast is
getting pushed to Thursday. I already
made the executive decision. I know. I
haven't talked to the boys yet. If
you're watching Thunder Stashing Game,
we're pushing we're pushing it to June
6th. Yeah. Or June 5th. June 5th. Yeah.
It's just happening. And I know Thunder
Stash got his his midnight launch at
Best Buy. So Yeah. Yep. So like he's not
going to want to sit the the [ __ ]
podcast. No, no, no. Right. Exactly.
Yeah. Yeah. So
um let's see here. Tesla the physical
copy of Tears. Well, and know here's the
thing. That's another thing, too. So why
so why am I going to buy Tears of the
Kingdom
$80 Switch two edition game when I
already own the game physically and
digitally? Well, I need a Switch 2
edition game that I can test to see one
thing. Can I insert it in Switch One and
will it play?
Why? Because we now know there's a game
you could buy that works on Switch One
and Switch two. It's a red cart. So, can
a Switch One, Switch 2 Edition game
still work in your Switch One and just
not run the updates and upgrades? I
don't know. There's no answer on
Nintendo's website. And if I'm going to
buy a Switch 2 edition game, I might as
well reby my favorite game of all
time. I hate that it's 80
bucks, but it's only that's only solely
because I'm a content creator.
Otherwise, I wouldn't buy it.
It's like I wouldn't like the game key
card. People still don't believe you can
resell it. So, I need to buy one so I
can turn around and resell it, which
sucks. I'm not returning it. I'm
reselling it. Yeah. What? Yeah. You
didn't like it? No. I'm just trying to
prove that you can buy it. And I don't
mean a friend or someone online. I mean
walking into a GameStop, trading it in.
Yep. I'm literally going to do that like
June 6th. Great. I'm going to walk in
with my fresh copy of Bravely Default
and be like, "Yep, I beat it. I'm going
to trade this in for some credit. Thank
you." And I'll just take credit at that
point. I don't want the [ __ ] 10
bucks.
I'll take 20 in credit, right? Right.
Ain't worth it for the 10 bucks. Uh
there was a super chat. Mac Mega says,
"When does GameStop open?" Uh this
GameStop opens at noon. Most A lot of
them open at noon these days. Some do
open at 10:00 a.m. It's going to It's
all dependent on area, foot traffic. And
from what I've seen, it's a lot of
between 10 and noon. Yeah, 10 and noons
are common. Um sometimes 10's like cuz
they're like in a mall and the mall
opens at 10, so they open at 10:00. Like
the Mall of America one, I think that
mall opens at 10, so GameStop's probably
open at 10:00. It's all It's always foot
traffic dependent. Like they used to be
open early in the morning, but then they
weren't getting foot traffic.
Who knew that the best time to be open,
especially during the week, is hey, when
people on their lunch break.
Go figure. Now, I don't know why they're
not open later. Some close at like five
or six. It's weird. They should all be
open till like
9, you know, so people can actually get
off a normal 9 to5 job and come to
GameStop.
But it's just not how it
is. Thanks for that uh super chat. We're
obviously not going to get to all the
ads. Do we really have 600 people
watching? Our second stream is going is
going harder than our first
stream. Um can anyone find Brave
physical? I can't find it anywhere.
Well, I put up uh I have links. It might
be sold out. I have links on my uh
community post section. One of the
retailers I did have a link to Bravely
Default. I don't remember which retailer
it was, but one of them I did have a
link directly to Bravely Default
physical, but it might be sold out at
this point, but you go check my
community post and and I've got uh
Walmart and one of it might be GameStop,
which they're not they'll be available.
That's the thing. Also, if some certain
physical items are sold out, certain uh
accessories, you guys have like an hour
and GameStop pre-orders go live. That
includes the accessories and the games.
So, maybe you won't fight for the
system, but you're going to fight for
the the other stuff, right, that you
couldn't get. I heard the Pro
Controllers are all sold out. I only
heard I haven't verified. I would
verify, but I can't turn the brightness
up on my
computer. Trying trying to turn the
brightness up on my computer, but it's
not happening. I mean, it it says it's
at max brightness. Heck, at one point it
said it was on max power. Like, well,
this ain't max power.
So, I keep having to go like, oh, oh, is
it working? I don't know. Let me put the
shade on. We were here at 130 a.m. is
when we got here. What percent are we
at? Hey, we're almost at 25. Hey, maybe
that's the trigger. Yeah, I could see
the screen brightness, but So, it's
going to take So, it's going up like a
percent a minute. So, it's going to take
like an hour and a half to charge. Now
the car can run for half. It's fine.
Good thing it's a hybrid, so if we run a
gas, it's cheap. Very cheap. It's like
30 bucks to fill the tank. Yeah. Not
even Well, it's cuz I put premium in.
You don't have to put premium in. Yeah.
You know me. I'm like, "Hey, if I'm
going to get gas mileage, get the best
mileage." Yeah. You know, I I like
cruising down the highway seeing it say
64.
There is that.
Yeah. This looks nice. We are in line
for pre-orders.
Yep. And did you manage to to pre-order
online? Says uh WH Asian. Yeah, we got
four total pre-orders between us online.
Uh those are all for giveaways. Mhm.
Because we're here in person. Midnight
launch might be the final GameStop
midnight
launch ever. This person's probably
waiting too. So there might be four
people. There might be there might be
two other people in line at least
because they're there. There person's
over there.
But they're all waiting in the car. None
of them came prepared for the elements.
I'm prepared. Yeah. I mean, look, I
survived a 40°ree night with a
sweatshirt and a blanket. I mean, yeah.
And open toed sandals with no socks. I
mean, yeah. It's like it's almost like
I'm born and raised in Wisconsin, right?
Um, where are we at in the total? I
can't even look. Well, I can look the
total on the total on this stream. I
guess I'll go update it. The total is
not accurate that you see. I can update
it. Like the computer's working. I just
can't see the damn screen.
2451. I'll go up update it. I'm not
going to update on it every super chat,
but
2451, not the comma.
I don't even know if that updated. Oh,
the top dog is Well, actually, that was
the biggest super chat, so we'll just
leave that alone from the earlier. Yeah,
I didn't reset it for the stream. Right.
Right.
Um,
well, I'm not trying to say [ __ ] it. I
It won't let me turn the screen
brightness up. It's It's I mean, it says
it says it's at max brightness. It may
need a PC restart, but it probably does.
Then I got to end the stream. Well,
right. I'm That's what I'm saying.
Here's the bottom line. I guess I don't
really care because I can read all the
chat from here, right? And I can't
feature chats and I technically can read
the screen every time I put my blanket
up. So, the gimbal shipped. We could try
We could try creating a makeshift. Yeah.
Shave it. You know, I put my hat here.
Is it better? You can you can build
different. You can you can put your
shirt over it.
Oh, I am built different. Hold on. Hold
on. How different am I built? We're
about to find out, right?
Hey AC, greetings from Italy. Heck yeah.
Italy. Yeah, we are nine o'clock a.m.
Remember everyone, link in the
description, you can get your own. Built
different shirt. Built different. Built
different. Shantaa Furakawa. He's built
different.
I don't know if that's going to work or
not, but you know, it's white. I know.
No, cuz it's white. No, it's not black.
It's not black. Son of a It doesn't do
as good a job as the blanket. Who knew?
I tried.
Yeah, Tall show. We probably should make
that a uh command. What? Merge.
I think there was a command for it, but
don't do it. Don't do it cuz it's the
wrong store. No, he did. It's just It
hasn't popped up, so I don't think it's
working. I killed it a long time ago.
Yeah, because I closed that merch store.
Yeah.
Okay.
Hit merch madness. Yep. Merch madness.
695 live. Thank you guys so much for
tuning in. Right.
It was good. It died. Twice the amount
of viewers when we came back. Yeah.
Right. Cuz people are awake now. Yeah.
Oh, I know. Uh I want one shirt, but I
expect shipping to Japan to be
expensive. I don't actually know. You
have to go look at the store. It'll tell
you. It does ship worldwide because it
might they might print it in Japan. I
have no idea.
Um, but I mean you don't know unless you
go to check it out and see see what it
Yeah. see what it says.
Raven, I'm not I'm not sure if there's
going to be lines everywhere. I mean,
and this is on the merch store, too.
Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. The 10 by podcast.
Oh, he's got the t-shirt.
He's got the Oh, my car turned back on
again.
Flash, everybody. Flash, everyone.
I have the I have the Nintendo Prime
shirt I can show off. It just has soda
on it right now. Yeah. Well, it I mean,
you probably can't tell it has soda on
it. I don't probably drive it now. Yeah,
probably.
People were in their car. Yeah, we we
got a couple people in their car now. We
People are starting to come. They're
starting to come for it. Here's the
delirious. I actually feel good. Yeah.
I'm not saying that when like 5:00 PM
hits tonight, I'm not going to be like,
"Ah, [ __ ]
Ah [ __ ] Since I I haven't slept since
uh uh probably 24 hours. Uh I'm actually
feeling pretty good. But yeah, I'm doing
fine. I don't know if I'm going to do a
live stream tonight, guys, if that's
what you're Yeah, that I'm not so sure
if I'm going to do I'm not cuz uh draft
is on. Yeah. Well, I understand that,
but I I literally might be sleeping
here. Just check. I mean, I probably
will, too. But uh Venata 712 besides one
else we'll just trade. Yeah, we'll
probably end up trading out in the first
round. Can I interest you in one of my
two pre-orders because I like you. I'll
sell it for the low low price of $3,000.
You know, the funny thing is there's
like listings on eBay for almost that.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, that that reminds me.
Check descriptions. If you go on eBay,
check descriptions because people are
selling pictures on eBay. There's that.
But if you do, no. If you do, no ifs. Do
not buy from scalpers. This is literally
the general message of Nintendo Prime.
Do not buy from scalpers. Yes. So, no
ifs. Just don't do it. He's trying to
point out that people are trying to
troll the scalpers by by selling
pictures of you for $500 and $450.
Yes. Just don't buy from scalpers. So,
don't go to eBay. eBay is not an
official retailer of Switch
2. Stay off eBay for this unless you
can't go find other used items and
stuff.
Eric's over here. But if you do read the
description, I'm just read the damn
description. Problem solve. You were
saying this because when you click on
some of the listings, some have sold
like five already. Yeah. Of pictures.
Yeah. For fund00 $500. Guy just made
2500 bucks. You can't even argue that he
misadvertised because it says it in the
description that you're buying a
picture.
Mhm. Yeah.
Hey, Joyce.
[Music]
Spicy. Got my Switch 2 and the Pro
Controller. 10th gen. LGF.
Let's go, baby.
What? LGF.
Let's go.
I'm guessing she meant LFG. But Joyce,
Joyce, now the real question is, did you
cave and get switched to edition of
Breath of the Wild and Tears of the
Kingdom? Tell me. You caved, didn't you?
You caved, didn't you? Just tell me. I
know you, Joyce. I know you caved. I
know you caved. Now, to be fair, I'm
getting Tears of the Kingdom, but it's
because I have to get one Switch two
edition. Not yet. Not yet. Oh, not yet.
Okay. So, I I am getting the Switch 2
edition of Tears of the Kingdom because
I have to get one Switch two edition to
do tests. So, I might as well reby my
favorite game of all time. I mean, there
is that there's going to be one Switch
Two edition on my shelf. It might as
well be a game I actually love. Don't me
wrong, I like the Kirby game, too. Yeah,
Best Buy's down all over Canada. O Oh,
Best Buy is down, man. Yeah, I don't
know. I don't know what the pre-order
situation was like in Canada because
they went live around the same time.
Yeah. So, I have no idea. Canada I don't
know if they're having a harder time
over there or what's going
on. You'll buy it eventually. When you
can walk in a store and it's just on the
shelf staring at you, right? That's when
you buy it.
It probably won't be day
one. I'm gonna listen to you when you
say, "Don't do it because I have a right
to do what I want to do. I hate being
told what to do. I'm going to do it
because it's my life and I can do what I
want to do." Sean Starite, you can spend
your money on whatever you want. You
want to go buy a $500 picture of a
Switch 2 off of Go for it. Go ahead and
blow your money, man. You got to stop
taking the things I say seriously like
that when I'm just giving personal
advice. We do not endorse buying from
scalpers. It's literally a channel
policy. We do not endorse buying from
scalpers. If you want to go buy from a
scalper, you want to go spend $2,500 on
a Switch 2 when you can go to
walmart.com right now and pre-order one
and get it like a week after it comes
out or go to your local GameStop and get
it. Like, be my guest. You do what you
want. I'm trying to say we don't endorse
it. There's a difference. All right,
man. Jesus. Um, what do you say to the
GameStop owner? Consider yourself
primed.
I got the Pro Controller on on eBay for
140 live show over here. Would you would
you like to give me a prime? Kevin, I
think you got a fantastic deal. The Pro
Controller for 140 on eBay. I think
that's a beautiful deal.
Yeah. No sarcasm, but yes. And I know
you're you're you're uh Michael, I
pre-ordered from eBay for 1,200. What a
great deal. Yeah, right. Yeah. Yeah.
It's not 2500. There were some up for
like 800. They might have sold. I have
no idea. No one should be buying off
eBay. It's not that hard to pre-order
yet. You got your Walmart pre-order. F
you. Best Buy and Target. Target was
really bad. Target was terrible. Target
was the worst. They sold out within
minutes due to not having a Q system. So
they had no Q system. So that means the
bots just jacked everything instantly.
And then when they did come back, they
came back with the second wave. So
anyone who appeared from Target isn't
getting a day one. That's pretty much
Yeah. Yeah. Dumb. And then Best Buy was
fine, but we noticed something. They are
prioritizing or were obviously right now
they're sold out. Well, at least it
feels that way. No, they were. I've now
heard it from a bunch of different
people. Almost everyone that got through
at Best Buy was a plus member. Ah, fair
enough. So, like I'm not saying some
people that weren't plus members or the
paid membership didn't get through, but
they were clearly prioritizing it. Eric
got through twice in the time span that
I didn't even get through once. Mhm. uh
Stash got through and both of them are
paid members. Uh there was three people
in my discord that got through who were
paid members. Uh and people pay for the
membership because when you buy video
games, not the consoles with the games,
uh every 150 you spend, you get $20
back. So it's a way to knock down the
prices of those 70 $80 games, right? You
buy a couple, you get 20 bucks back,
right? Um up to $100 a year. So, I I
think that
uh I just think that we're in a
situation where uh they were favor
without announcing it, they were
favoring paid memberships. Yeah.
GameStop said they're not they're not
doing that, but God knows those online
pre-orders go up, right? Don't be
shocked if people who are pro members
get through before anybody else. Yep.
Just don't be surprised. It wouldn't be
in store. It shouldn't matter. Although
there have been some managers that I've
been told, oh, you know, you have to be
a pro member to pre-order. That's
not
correct. GameStop corporate said you
don't have to be one. Y, but it doesn't
mean that the manager won't refuse you.
Cool. That's You want to get on the
phone with corporate, good luck getting
them to answer the phone. So, it's not
like they have anyone there to answer
it. Um, but so it's one of those things
that I'm a pro member anyway, so just
whatever. Um because you get like a
little percent kickback and then five
free dollars every month to spend on
used games or whatever. I mean, Walmart
was actually pretty pretty decent.
Walmart was easy. Yeah. Um a little bit
hard to check out, but that's going to
be true at all the places because um you
have you have the servers to put it in
your cart and then you have the payment
processing servers. And all the sites
were having problems with the payment
processing servers. Well, it didn't help
that they that my bank [ __ ] my credit
card. Yeah, it didn't matter if punked
up even on my end. Remember I couldn't
get my VMO to go through on one end. So
then I did it through this then I tried
it through PayPal and then it rejected
me there and then I went back this and
then it did it. So but that's going to
be true anytime you're at the high
demand point. But the pro and Walmart
gave you like 10 minutes to check out.
So you had time to deal with you had
time to like okay let me change my
payment method. So that's what I liked
about Walmart is they let you in and
they gave you a 10-minute window to
complete your order. And so I didn't
complete it till a minute and a half but
um I still could complete it. And that's
the point. Like it was a little
panicking when it got done the last
minute. It happened like really, but you
just keep trying. I know the money's
there. I know my card's not locked. So,
we just got to keep trying all the
different ways to get it to go through.
Um, and eventually I got it to go
through. So, but that I mean I I would
blame the stores for that. Yeah. Target
I'm mad at. They need to add a Q. I
don't know what the [ __ ] to be
completely honest with you.
It was not Target that that screwed my
bank that screwed my card up. Was it
Walmart? Yeah, it was one of them. They
they flagged the Walmart one. That was
one of them. Yeah, but they flagged the
one. No, you know why it wasn't Target?
Cuz none of the chargers ever actually
went through. Yeah. Attempted to go
through. Yeah, they never even got to
the one charging. Walmart. You bought it
there. Oh, we don't know what this is,
right? Okay. Well, yeah. And that makes
sense cuz it was you used your Best Buy
card at Best Buy, so it's a different
card. So, yeah, that makes sense. Makes
sense.
Um, I know. I heard a super chat. Carcon
said, "Um, I'm so excited. One of you
Woo. I don't know what you're excited
about, but All right. Um, I
misunderstand what you said. My bad. I
didn't know you meant uh sculpers. I
didn't hear you mention that past. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's just a general
policy at my channel. Look, if you want
to buy from scalpers, I'm not going to
stop you. There's no reason right now to
do it. Pre-orders are not gone. Okay.
GameStop hasn't even gone online yet.
GameStop hasn't even gone online yet.
Um, GameStop still has the imp inerson
ones. Those ones aren't gone yet because
the GameStops aren't open yet. um at
least none that I are aware of. Maybe
there's some out on the East Coast open
at 10 a.m. right now possibly. But uh
for the most part, GameStops aren't open
yet, so you can still swing by there. Um
and Nintendo has their own waves
beginning on May 8th. Well, they didn't
want that to happen. Yeah. No, someone
lost a two balloon. Yeah. Uh it's not
fun. That's not fun when you just bought
them, right? Uh,
anyways,
so don't buy from a scalper. Even if you
have FOMO, if nothing has been proven
tonight and today, there is a lot of
stock, which means Nintendo's also going
to be restocking frequently. So, it's
just not worth that. Like, Furkawa
promised there would be plent plentiful
stock to defeat scalpers.
Okay, the demand is higher than the
stock they can provide, but they still
provided a
lot and that also means that they're
going to have frequent restocks. So,
just don't scalpers to me just aren't
worth it. Don't let FOMO get you. I told
you guys publicly if I if it was if it
literally was as hard to get as a
PlayStation 5 that I might have to buy a
unit from a scalper so I can have it for
work. New Egg goes New Egg goes live
today, too. Sure. And Costco goes live
at some point, but um Costco do
pre-orders. Sometimes Costco took
pre-orders in Canada today, but there's
no announced pre-orders in the US for
Costco. Um they may or may not have them
in the US, but because the thing is
Nintendo didn't want any of the
pre-orders behind paid memberships and
Costco is literally nothing but paid
membership. Like you can't even buy
anything on their website without being
a member. So I am a member, but I I
have, you know, once we get stuff here,
that's six total pre-orders. We're good.
We have the four to give away. We have
the two. We're fine. We don't really
need anymore. Um unless one of my
friends tells me, "Ah, you know,
I didn't get one."
[Music]
Well, I did get an email from Nintendo.
I got three days to check out. Send me
the money. Oh. Yeah. If I can check out
and get my seventh. Yeah. Great. Jesus
Christ. Yeah. Great. Uh couple super
chats here. Uh Nick Figer saying, "Uh in
line at GameStop just started raining
hard." Yeah, we're lucky. It's going to
rain today, but it's raining like
towards dinner time, so we'll be out of
here before then. Yeah, I wouldn't be
out here streaming, especially on my
computer. Yeah, right. I was worried
about Maybe on the phone. Yeah, maybe on
the phone. The phone's waterproof, but I
wouldn't be doing anything else. And
even then, I might be in the car, right?
And we are under a a semi non- ripped
awning. Yeah, I know. If it was raining
right now with this wind, it would be
Oh, I know. Really? Hey, we did bring
ponchos. Yeah. Do you have a garbage bag
here, too? I have a garbage bag so I can
poncho the computer. There you go.
Garbage bag us. Yeah. Yeah. Right.
I only brought one garbage bag. That's
okay. I have two ponchos in the garbage.
We'll figure it out. Make it work. We'll
chuck the laptop in the garbage bag and
keep streaming. I guess the webcam is
technically since I'm looking at the
screen. I could actually just put this
all in the trunk. Yeah, you could. Keep
the stream going. Just have the camera
out. It's all I need. Poke a little hole
in the in the garbage bag for the camera
to come through. Yeah, that's all I
need. I just got to cover the camera.
Since I can't read the goddamn screen
because it needs to be rebooted. Yeah,
I'm hearing Radio Shack's gonna be sold
out, too. Radio Shack. Yeah. You know,
the funny thing is Kmart went up early
yesterday. Yeah. And I heard they sold
out in two seconds. Yeah. God, what are
they? Target? Yeah. [ __ ] have no
resistance.
There will be a wave two there. There
always is more waves. Nintendo. So, I
think Nintendo and Japan said for their
My Nintendo store there would be two
waves that they are that sound like
they'll be launch waves, but after that
they don't know if there'll be launch
waves.
Um, and I don't know for the my Nintendo
store here in the US. And I and and
while retailers always have multiple
waves of pre-orders, there's no
guarantee that the multiple waves are
day one. We already saw Target and
Walmart selling units that were not day
one. So,
You know, but we'll see. Maybe they're
not day one now, but then they get some
extra stock and then those become day
one and then they have extra, so they do
another wave. You know, who knows?
Sears. When Australia didn't sell out,
Grifter said it's failing. When it sells
out in Japan and USA, they said they
have low stock fabricating demand. Oh,
dude. The grifters are always going to
grip it. It couldn't be that this is the
most well stocked launch of all time.
Here's the thing. When the launch
weekend numbers come out and they beat
the alltime two-month launch record of
four and a half million in three days,
it'll be very clear that yeah, you know
why it isn't as hard to pre-order or as
hard to get? Because there's a [ __ ] ton
of them out
there, more than ever
before. Nintendo bet hard and even then
they're already publicly apologizing
they can't meet
demand. It's insane, right? Uh Kenji
Sora says, "It sucks. In my country, the
hardware is like 630 USD. Mario Kart's
690. I'm going to buy it later on a trip
uh to another country, I guess." Yeah,
if it's cheaper in another country
nearby.
Um and then did you see the prices in
Brazil? I mean, it's no shocker. Brazil
prices for game [ __ ] the And you might
get mad at Nintendo about it, but like
all video game stuff in Brazil is so
expensive. Don't wait. You're going to
get crazy government taxes and import on
video. It's Brazil in itself. Yeah, they
hate the video game. It's just I'm
sorry. Nintendo has nothing to do with
that. I'm sorry. Like, yeah, Nintendo,
you know, if they Oh, they could have
sold Yeah, they could have sold it
cheaper and taken a big loss, but like
it's it's not a huge market for them in
the first place. Um, and you could
argue, oh, if they sell it cheaper, it
could be. Yeah, maybe. But then they'll
just piss off the Brazilian government
more, which will then hit them with more
levies. And then suddenly they're not
just selling for a loss. It's literally
the unit is nothing but loss. Yeah. like
completely like they're making negative
several negative like hundreds and
hundreds of negative dollars per sale
and like the games aren't going to get
cheaper. So probably might not even make
it back on software sales. So yeah, and
it's it's tough when you live in
countries like that where the
governments aren't that don't really
like video games that much um and maybe
the currency is not worth as much and uh
isn't considered a major territory that
does huge sales uh where maybe because
of volume they would lower the price.
Like why is the price tend to be a
little bit cheaper in the US than Japan?
Well, Japan they have that one model is
$130 cheaper.
Um because of the volume. there's so
many they're going to sell that they can
make up with
volume. Um they can't guarantee a makeup
like that in in countries that they just
traditionally don't sell that much in.
It's it's unfortunate. And by the way,
I'm not even saying that US is like the
second cheapest country. There's some
countries that have it a little bit
cheaper than the US if you convert it to
USD. But I know currency just converting
currencies isn't always a clean way to
do it. There's different economic
conditions in every country.
Waiting for the Taco Bell bundle.
Hey, uh, any Nintendo Prime fans met you
in person today? No. No. Not Not that
I'm aware of. Yeah. Right. They haven't
said anything. Yeah. I mean, no one's
really gotten out of their car yet. We
got one follower. All right. We did get
one. We got one new follower. Oh, I
found your stream. I'm like, I don't
know how you cool. I didn't tell you. I
guess the Nintendo hat. Yeah. Yeah. You
was gonna say you're wearing a hat. Or
maybe they looked up Nintendo.
Yeah.
Um, which case and grip did I get for
Switch 2? Well, I'm going to get the
kill switch.
Um, and there's not a lot of option for
cases right now. So, that's why I'm like
I might just get the official Nintendo
one for
now because there just isn't a ton of
options and I haven't touched a lot of
the third party ones and I don't like
buying third-party ones until I actually
go hands-on. whereas like I know the
official Nintendo one's just gonna be
cheap, right?
But I I might get a pre-order for that
today. Yeah. Um just so just as a heads
up to you guys, um if you guys are still
pre-ordering right now, because there
are some places that are still up,
double check your date because you at
this point you're probably more than
likely getting it day one. Yeah. But
just double check your date. And if
you're wondering why it'll say sold out,
like, oh, it's sold out over here, but
then you're in Arkansas and it's not, a
lot of the websites are doing region
based pre-orders. So, your region, like
your state, might not be sold out of
whatever they decide to allocate to your
state. That's why you might see
pre-orders still up in some places while
down in others in the US. But just
double check your date just so you're
aware that you may not get a day one PS2
time. Most people unlock the console and
would pirate because it was just
impossible to buy unless you were Yeah.
point of the one point 01%. Yeah, I dude
I know it's it's been crazy in Brazil
for a long time. Um it's it's very
unfortunate. I feel I feel bad. I mean I
can't we that's like one of those
countries that I don't blame people for
pirating. I still don't support it. I
still don't think you should do it. But
also my god I mean you know gaming has
always been a luxury. Console gaming has
always been a luxury. It's always been
expensive my entire life. So like when
people talk about the prices now I'm
like yeah the prices suck but like it
was actually worse when I was a kid. So
um so it's always been a luxury but it's
always been a luxury that the middle
class could
afford. And when the middle class can't
afford it only the the rich of the rich.
Now you're starting to get to like Apple
Vision Pro territory. And that's not
okay. It it shouldn't be that way. But
even now we talk about how expensive
this stuff is. Yeah. But for a middle
class, they could reasonly save up and
get this stuff. Uh maybe they can't get
everything they want all the time, but
they could reasonably save up. Even
people below middle class, I'm not
middle class. I'm below middle class. I
can save up and get stuff.
Um hopefully I'll be middle class one of
these years.
Um
so yeah. Um it is what it is, but there
are just some countries where it's like,
yeah, the only people that can really
buy it are legit buy it. no restrictions
any game they want it it's the elite you
know that
sucks sucks because I I think it should
always be uh even though it's a luxury
that luxury should be affordable by
anyone in the middle class period like
just period um and even affordable by
some in the obviously not like people
who are homeless they got other things
to worry about but even people that are
like just below middle class like not
like super super poor but you know
they're kind of in I mean, I you know,
they should be able to reasonably be
able to save and buy it. That's what
it's like right now. Like 450 is a lot,
but if you're like me where you're kind
of not middle class, but you're also not
like dirt poor, yeah, I could set aside
50 bucks here, 50 bucks there, and
eventually have enough to buy it.
Um, but not everyone's like that. And
there's people a lot poorer than me in
worse situations that obviously won't be
able to get one anytime soon or if ever.
So, that's also why I like to support
charities. And there's also people that
are like disabled or have mental
conditions that will obviously never,
you know, get out of the class they're
in um and have very limited income. Uh
that's why I always support uh charity
organizations that will bring
entertainment to those people. Like
yeah, absolutely support, you know, the
stuff to try to make diseases and things
better. But um those people deserve
entertainment, too, but I understand
that this is luxury. So, I'm I'm heavy
on supporting organizations that will
bring entertainment to them because I I
feel like, you know, they might not
always have a lot to look forward to in
their life. Um, it can be very sy every
day. Uh, maybe they can't even walk or,
you know, bring them some entertainment,
some gaming to their life. Um, I I'd
like to see more of that going on. So, I
always when when I can give money, I try
to give to some organizations like that.
Um, you know, ch bringing entertainment
to children's hospitals is also really
cool, too. Dealing with like the cancer
patients and all that because they're
they're never going to be able to afford
those game consoles. You know what it
costs to treat cancer in a child? Geez,
you know, bring some entertainment while
they're in those hospitals for months on
end. Anyways, yeah, it's always been a
luxury. Uh, but all right, because
you're such a good sport, I'll knock the
price down to 1750.
Hell yeah. Funny thing is, you're paying
me to tell me what you're going to
charge me.
Bonus, you keep paying me enough. I'll
just give you your own money back. Keep
your money. Send me the switch. Tell you
what, this drop three $500 super chats.
I'll just give that money back to you.
Got it. Good.
This is a bad deal for me because
YouTube takes a cut of that, but
whatever. Yeah.
E pointer 22. I can't take it back now.
Said it all out loud. Uh, if I'm looking
at the GameStop app page for Switch 2
bundle, will the not available button
automatically change or do I have to
manually refresh the page? The GameStop
app page. Um, that's a good question. I
don't actually have that. Jake Randall
will have an answer for that. Um,
sometimes I re So, for the other ones, I
refreshed. In fact, how I got through it
with Walmart, it kept saying stuck at
one minute. I refreshed and I was in.
Yeah. So, websites do funny things when
they're when they're overloaded. Yeah.
Yeah, cuz I'm sure GameStop, they're the
next they're going to get overloaded
just like all the rest. So, um I mean I
even did a poll on on my uh on my
YouTube channel. It looked like it that
poll was close to 50/50 of people that
were able to get one and people who
weren't. So, there's still and I know
I'm just one small channel. There's
still a lot of people that did not get
pre-orders. I mean, let's also put it
this way. Jake's poll had 65% success.
I mean, out of the I think 2500 people
that voted in the poll, so which is
pretty dang good. That was early. Yeah,
that was one from yesterday. Yeah. Yeah.
So, the success success rate on his with
his video is to follow him. He's got the
great he's got the great insides.
Any are we still like like how out of
sync is the audio and video? I'm just
actually curious. I can't fix it, right?
I can technically do like audio delays,
but like I don't I know if it's a delay
problem. Technically, I can fix it
entirely. I can have the audio come out
of that thing, but you're just going to
hear wind.
All you're going to hear is Yeah, it's
wind. But is that really fixing it?
Yeah. Just trying to make it a little
better. The GameStop manager is yelling
at you to get away from the store. I
mean, depending on where you're at and
how close you're to the store, you
probably want to semi listen to them.
Well, so GameStop manager can control
the front of their store. Yeah. Um, they
could be So, I've done this a few times.
I've even done streams. Um, they can be
very particular like, "Hey, you can
stream out here, but you can't stream in
the store." Or they'll be like, "Hey,
you're in front of the windows. We don't
want you streaming into the store. Can
you move your setup over?" Yeah. I mean,
they're usually pretty friendly about
it. Uh, but sometimes it's like, hey,
you can't stand in front of the store.
People can't see the
storefront. Most some games managers are
just cool as [ __ ] and don't care. You're
not open. Nobody needs to see the the
gates down. What are they seeing the
gate?
Sometimes they're just rude. No, I know.
It depends on how they Yeah. Every
different Some managers will literally
let you bring the camera into the store.
They don't care. Especially if it's just
you. Like Like if we go in by ourselves,
they might be like, "Oh, yeah. We can do
just you two quick." Yeah. You can bring
your thing in, check out, and get out of
here. Yeah, because you know the reason
they don't want you in for privacy
concerns with other people, but if it's
just Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, 100%. You
don't want So, they just don't care.
Okay. Yeah. We'll we'll pause everyone
coming in for a second so you get your
stuff done and then you're out because
it's also promotion for their store,
right? It's it's more of a you don't
want to you don't want to dock somebody
just because Yeah. This shouldn't be a
bad experience. Hey, I have my GameStop
card on me. I'm not doxing my phone
number today.
Made that mistake once. Yeah. Phone
number will not be doxed today. Yeah.
So, if I can somehow bring the stream
in, which I doubt it. Yeah. But if
that's it's gonna be awkward. That is
gonna be harder than hell. Well, it
actually won't be that bad if we think
about it because the the laptop will be
charged enough. We have wireless
microphones. Yeah. So, all we have to do
is
basically unplug everything but unplug
the power. I can leave the mouse. Yep.
You just grab the tripod. True. And I
carry the laptop. True. It's actually
not that bad. Yeah. Yeah. Do I want to
do it? Not necessarily. But if they'll
let me walk in with it, sure. Yeah. Give
you guys a show. Why the [ __ ] not? And I
don't care if you figure out in there
what store we're at. We don't live
anywhere near here. So, yeah. I mean,
obviously within driving distance, but
let me just tell you, we don't come here
like ever. I used to have family that
lived here. They don't even live here.
We're Midwesterners. A drive is anywhere
between two and eight hours. So, so like
Yeah. Yeah. You don't have a local
GameStop right now. So like it's
so so like Yeah. I don't even care if
you figure I You know what? I'll tell
you what store it is. If you want to
come here at midnight launch and come
hang out with Prime. I mean, sure, fair
enough. I don't I don't care either. If
there's any Wisconsinites that want to
come here for midnight launch just to
hang out, I'll be here. Yeah. Maybe I'll
hand out some free t-shirts.
Nice.
It's not a meetup, but if you want to
come here, I'll be here. Yeah.
I don't give a
[ __ ] There's ever a time to do a
meetup. Switch shoe
launch. Uh super chat from Jawbreaker.
Nearly every third party game is a gay
king card. That is depressing. Quite a
few of them are. Yeah. At least in
Japan. I don't know about
us. Midwest maybe. Yeah. Yep. Wisconsin.
Born and raised. I've been to many other
states. I'll be in Boston next month.
Yeah. Yeah. It's April. Yeah. Next
month. Uh been to LA.
Well, I mean, I've technically been a
lot of places. I did a road trip around
the country once,
but I'm trying to update the total here.
All right, our total is
5154. Told you guys I'm not updating it
all the time, but I figured, yeah, it's
been a bit. We've had some super chats.
51. Thank you guys for the support on
these uh streams, by the way. I do I
really do appreciate it, especially
because I'm probably not live streaming
tonight because again, lack of sleep. I
mean, I've gotten a little sleep, but
honestly, those those protein bars with
the caffeine, they actually work pretty
well. Great. Yeah, they actually work
pretty well. I actually felt pretty good
after I uh ate that. I know. Well,
protein, which
I 69 g of freaking caffeine, which I
mean, that's more than this Mountain
Dew, isn't it? Yeah, I think so. Oh,
yeah. I think so. How much caffeine's in
a Mountain Dew these days?
Um, does it not tell me how much? No. Uh
68 milligrams. Is it 68%? Yeah. Yeah. So
it's like a car pop. But for some odd
reason it felt like it actually hit you.
It can hit you different. Yeah. If
you're eating it body Yeah. Your body
process it different kind of caffeine.
It was too like if it's a tea caffeine
sometimes your body processes that the
artificial. Yeah. Key cards might be
Japan only. Well, there's going to be
key cards in the US. We already know
this. But are is every third party game
here a key card like it is in Japan?
Um, I'll
car answer me this. Is Cyber Punk a key
card there? Because we know it's not a
key card here. We know it's all physical
here. Because if Cyber Punk's a key card
in Japan, then that would tell you,
okay, this might just be a Japan thing.
Because they don't think they'll do
enough sales of of some of those AAA
third that are party games because some
of those AAA games don't sell as well in
Japan. So, I can understand where
they're like, ah, in Japan, let's, you
know, not not lose money.
The my Nintendo website still under
maintenance as yesterday. Uh, in what
country? K. Is it the US one?
Because one thing I can't get here. I
can't get here is the GameCube
controller that has to be bought through
their website and I want it because it's
wireless. Yep. I haven't had a wireless
Gamecube controller since the Wave Bird
ways of old. No, we're not. We're not
And it can be used in more games. I
don't know if I'm going to use it in
more games, but all I know is I got a
gut feeling time spplitters 2 is coming
to the Gamecube and I'm playing that I'm
playing that [ __ ] game. I'm playing
multiplayer time spplitters the moment
that drops, right? And I want the
Gamecube controller for that. Yeah. So,
and I know it's going to be hard to get
and I know I can only get it through the
my Nintendo website. So, I'm going to
probably have to get the 64 controller.
So, if I go back and play like N64 I
know the 64 games suck without it. Yeah.
Go back and play Golden Eye. button is
so bad. Fix the button mapping. It's
still not great. Yeah,
I I would venture to say the N64 NSO is
nearly unplayable without an N64
controller. I'm not gonna say it. It's
Look, I beat Otime Major's Mask on it,
guys. So, like, you can do it without it
because I don't have one. But I I just
it's just not the same. You have to have
that N64 controller. That's my op. And
now people that didn't grow up with N64
might disagree, and that's fine. See, I
grew up with it. So, like it just never
felt right. Um, just like GameCube
games, they're they're fine with a
normal controller. It's not going to
feel quite right. What I don't
understand is triggers and all. What I
don't understand is is why they just
didn't turn Golden Eye into a freaking
dual stick shooter. We have dual stick
shooters. Cuz that's not the way it was.
I don't care. It that would require to
be in a remaster and not just
they're asking for them to go beyond
what NSO is.
Well, that's not they haven't done that
for anything on NSO.
Remember, NSO is just the games as they
were a little bit upscale. That's what
NSO is. Yeah, I know. Which is kind of
the point. Play it. You know, obviously
they have to be able to Well, hey, you
know what? Nintendo did improve on
Switch. People don't talk about much.
We now have custom per game button
mapping.
Don't have that on Switch One.
Custom per game button mapping. Damn.
Thank you, Nintendo. Should have took
nine years to get that, but thank you.
Tall
show because of the GLGR button. That
might have been what made Nintendo want
to do that, but still. Tall show. Golden
Knight is a twin stick shooter. You just
need two N64 controllers to do it. Just
fight each yourself. Yeah.
Um, it's not it's not on the box art.
Okay. So, so Cyber Punk's also physical
in Japan. Okay. Nice. Yeah. I'm hoping a
lot of that game key card stuff was just
like a Japan thing because I think sales
are going to be too low. But I don't
know. I mean, I'll know when I hopefully
when I go in there, they have that
information in their computer. Yeah. On
what games are game key cards and what
ones aren't because we don't have box
art, I don't think, for all of them.
Maybe we do at this point. Yeah. But I
you know I should probably do that
research before I go in so I know like
if I get Hogwarts Legacy is that game
key card digital only or is it physical?
I actually don't know. Do you guys know
in the chat is Hogwarts Legacy for
launch is that is that physical or is
that a game key card or is it just it's
just digital? I haven't looked. You guys
know uh Green Jeans Jr. knows where we
are. Yeah. Cats out of the bag. Yeah,
we're at the Rice Lake GameStop and we
don't live in Rice Lake. No, we don't
technically live really that close to
Rice Lake. It's a little bit of a drive
to get here.
But we also are in rural Wisconsin.
Everywhere is a drive. Like I said,
literally a drive for Midwestern is
anywhere between two and 18 hours. Let
me just tell you, Julia gets in the car
and she tells me I'm frustrated. I'm
going to go for a drive. She might be in
Minnesota, right? Before she turns
around. I don't [ __ ] know. Yeah. Like
God, it's just that's just how it goes.
Oh, time to make my 10th trip to
Walmart. Oh, this is a bathroom trip.
Eric on the bathroom trip. I'm good. I
just had to get that one out of me when
I went over there and I'm good. Well,
that's what I got to do now. Ah, I know.
I might crack might crack into the some
chips here coming up. There you go. Oh,
that's right. We got some chips and
salsa.
That's right. Some snacks. That's the
only snack. Actually, that's like the
last food we have. I have one more
breakfast bar technically, but I might
save it for
lunch.
Um, people in Japan still don't know if
they won the first lottery. They should
know more than 10 hours. H Yeah. Yeah.
Japan, it's going to be rough in Japan.
It just is. The demand for Switch 2 in
Japan is so high. It's like the only
plat like Nintendo is like I don't want
to say the only platform that matters in
Japan but it is so far ahead of any
other platform that it feels like it's
the only platform that matters. So
because of that like the demand is so
and it's getting all the games. So like
people know like Dragon Quest is huge in
Japan. People know Dragon Quest 12 is
going to be on it. Um all their favorite
games are probably going to be on Switch
2 moving forward. So you know Final
Fantasy is coming over. I don't know if
that's big in Japan, but so the demand
is going to be off the [ __ ] charts.
It just is. And
uh when you have the when you have
Furkawa coming out this morning and
being like, "Yeah, we can't meet
demand." And I'm sorry. I know I told
everyone we have all this stock, but uh
this exceeded even our biggest
expectations. That's
wild. And then Nintendo of America
basically said the same thing. So, like
the demand for Switch 2 is massively
exceeding what Nintendo planned. That's
great for Nintendo, by the way. Uh,
also, it's kind of a FU to all the
people out there that thought this thing
was going to flop like Wii U. Nintendo's
out here being like, uh, yeah, we can't
keep up with demand. Uh, we thought we
could. This is way People want this way
more than we
thought. Yeah. Okay. So, so much for it
being a Wii U situation.
Like obviously, you know, we don't know
that till we get to like the next month
and then but the next month we have
another system seller, Donkey Kong
Bonanza. So things are looking good.
Also guys, let me know ever if my audio
goes out. Um
uh because I don't know. There's no
light on this. I can't see it. So I
don't know when this dies or if it dies
because we're cold out. So the battery
might not last as long. How was the
night?
Cold. It was cold. As cold as I keep my
refrigerator, it's technically still
cold right now. I thought by 10 it was
supposed to be warmer out. We got a
breeze. The breeze is getting worse. It
is. It's almost 50°, but it doesn't feel
like it because of the the breeze.
Someone just put like a giant like
curtain here and block the wind. I'd be
perfect.
So, how uh yeah, I'm wearing the nint
bite hoodie. Um how is And my band moved
a little bit. I should probably readjust
it for the
hernia.
Um I mean, that's what happens. I slept
really awkward for like 45 minutes. I I
got a little 45 minute power nap
in. Yeah, I know. The NFL draft's in uh
Green Bay, right? It's Green Bay, pretty
sure.
Um, you have you have snuggled with
Eric. I'd have been jealous. No. No.
Actually, I tried sleeping in the chairs
out here and my hernia was really
bothering me. I could not get in a
comfortable position in the chairs,
which isn't a surprise. You know,
there's only a certain way at home I can
lay down and I can actually sleep with
my hernia. So, I tried to go in my car
and do it. Well, this
car, the back seat's not made for
sleeping. So, I went to the front seat
and I just it's it's a more sporty car.
So, it's not really made for like sleep
comfort. It's made for driving comfort.
So, it was just, you know, if I had had
my SUV here that I could sleep in that I
I've slept in that many times. But, it's
a family vehicle, which is usually meant
for longer road trips. So, of course,
like things are more cozy for sleeping,
you know. So, I just I maybe I should
just went in the trunk. I probably would
have been more comfortable in the
trunk. Just being honest. Probably would
have been. Yeah. All right. The trunk's
good. Nice flatbed and a blanket. I'm
good. I'm in
Wisconsin. Later, car. Get some sleep,
man. Yeah, we got things under control.
Uh the battery I think on the computer
is doing good. Let me check because once
it gets to 100, I'm going to go turn my
car off. Our my car is right here. Um,
we're parked right next to us. So, I'm
going to turn it off once
the We know we're just wasting gas right
now to charge my computer. Oh, it's at a
decent percent. Got to be over 50. Where
are we
at? 72%. Yeah, we're probably probably
in like next 20 minutes or so, I'll be
able to turn the car
off. But I got to keep track of the
percentage because we have to turn it
back on. I want to turn it back on every
time it gets to 50%.
Um, what's the temperature? It's 48
degrees
Fahrenheit, but Oh, what's it feel like?
Because we we got a we got a good
breeze. The breeze is what's bugging me
right
now.
Um, let's see
here. Feels like 38. So, it feels like
it's 10 degrees lower than it is. So, it
feels like it's almost
freezing. Feels about right. Although,
I'm gonna go change my I'm gonna go put
on my my tennis
shoes. I guess they're right here. I
must have got them out planning to put
them on already. They're literally right
here. We're going to slide these
on. You guys looking at my feet? Stop
looking at them. Oh my god, these shoes
are so cold. It's okay. My body heat
will warm it up.
I got on my white uh What kind of shoes
are
these? They're Nikes. I'm trying to
remember which ones they
are. Air Force Ones, I
think. Yeah, these are Air Force
Ones. These are the things I usually
wear when I go out and
party. I like to wear my white Air Force
Ones. I used to keep them a lot cleaner.
Oh, they're not that bad. I can I can
clean these
up. I just don't go party that much
anymore. So, I don't wear these much.
But my other tennis
shoes, my
uh actual ones I run or jog in or toast.
I got to get new
ones. So, I was like, well, I want to
grab these in case I get too cold
because I just had
sandals. Probably got to grab boots.
It's a little colder than I thought it
was going to be. All right. All right,
we had a super chat come in from Venata
712
streaking. The funny thing is, did we
just hit the streak? Let me
look. Let me look. I don't know if the
total was fully up to
date. Did we hit the streak? We did not.
We're at 7040, bud. We're at 7040. No
streak. Think I can even show you.
Um, oh my god. Well, it's kind of
small. Oh, hold
on. Anyways, you can kind of see it
there.
7040.
Uh, as I'm like under the blanket, what
do we have percentage?
uh like 74. Shut it off. No, we'll wait
till we get to like almost 100 and then
we'll shut it off and we won't turn it
back on till 50%.
Means I got to worry about the screen
brightness killing it since I can't even
use the screen brightness streaking in
the parking lot. Are you
trying Venatus? Were you trying to get
me to run to Walmart to buy a
beer? Is that what you were attempting
to make me do? Don't tempt me with a
good time.
I've definitely never chugged a beer in
front of GameStop. I can officially say
that. That that would that would be a
first. Run to Walmart to buy a single
beer just to chug it. Literally
Walmart's like right there. Eric just
came back from it. It's our
bathroom.
Um currently watching at work. Going to
try and head to GameStop for an early
lunch at 11:45 to secure Pure. Fairly
small city, but it's the only GameStop,
so I'm hoping no line. Well, we'll see
what happens, man.
No, I'm good. It's like a half a
can. Ah, what's nice about it being as
cold as a fridge out here is the pop is
cold. It's literally like Oh, why is the
pop so cold? Oh, right. It's It's 48.
Feels like 38. Okay, so it's a fridge.
We're sitting in a refrigerator. We're
sitting in a fridge. We've been sitting
in a fridge for a while. What the hell,
man? not
just he he gave a total to hit the
streak, but I but the total at the top
wasn't fully up to date. So, I'm not I'm
not updating the total every super chat
because I can't see the screen. Like,
hold on. Let me show you guys. Pretty
sure I can flip this around.
Look. Cannot see the
screen. It's basically blacked out. So,
that's why I'm not updating the total
all the time because I got to go under
my blanket to do it.
So, the total was slightly off.
We're taking way too long, buddy. The
total was off by one super chat after I
already announced I was not going to be
updating it that often because I can't
see
it. I don't want to live under the
blanket. Control under the bridge.
Hold for a second.
Nice. We got two hours. Oh, I don't
10 11 minutes until the online pre-order
is open,
guys. Will you pre-order as well the 10
NS2 for the giveaway that you mentioned?
Okay. I Mojo, stop trying to con me into
10 NS2s. I never said it. And the thing
is, you can't even say, "Oh, yeah. Well,
you thought stream you were drunk.
Remember, I haven't been drunk since New
Year's Eve."
So, and I definitely have not been drunk
in my last stream where I drank an
MGD64. I'm from Wisconsin, man. That's
not even a water. We don't even know
what we call that.
Like, if I drink that in public, water.
Literally, if I drink that in front of
anyone in Wisconsin, I'll get slapped.
They'd be like, "You might as well just
drink water. That's You're not even
drinking. Why are you even Why spend
extra money? You just have water. Yeah.
Yeah. And water actually probably tastes
better. Consider it beer. And water
actually probably tastes better. Yes,
Mary. I did finish.
Um, anyone joining you guys? We have
There's definitely one person for sure
right here that's parked next to us in
his car. Um, not going to get out
because there's not like a bunch of
other people out. And I don't know if
that truck is still there if they left.
Oh no, that truck is still there. So
that we might have two besides
us. And we've had a few people stop by
and ask what's going on. Bunch of
college kids. Pokemon. Yeah. They were
interested in Pokemon. They thought
Pokemon was today, but you know, new new
card sets, but they drop tomorrow.
They're very limited. Yes, sir. Like
holy [ __ ] No. No wonder people say it's
really hard to get Pokemon when it
drops. There's hardly any. There's like
six packs.
Uh 12. No, 14. Yeah. What the [ __ ] I
used to buy 14 just for me. And it's
probably limited to one per customer. Uh
it doesn't say, but I'm guessing so. It
doesn't say for Switch 2 either, but I
demand a
recount. We're good on that. Call Call
it corruption, manus. Hey, Paul. Paul
Gail's here. Oh, that reminds me. I
gotta exit the chat for a second. I got
to upload Paul's thing for today.
Um, do I have it? Is it the one with the
duck pond?
Oh my god.
It's supposed to be 42.
Okay, that's 42 days. The audio is not
working, but I don't
care. Wait, wait. Maybe
my audio. Oh, it is working. It's
connected to the CarPlay. Apple CarPlay
for two days. Very nice. Until the
release of the Nintendo Switch, too. No,
we got two hours. We're live streaming
and dropping shorts. We got two hours
before the dang store opens, which
blows. We are We are multitasking.
I'm slouching in my chair. Leave me
alone.
I have a
hernia. We'll pretend that's the
reason. How do we have 872 watching?
It's crazy, man. Man, how many people
are going to watch when we're actually
at the midnight
launch, dude? I I hope there's like at
least 10 or 20 people on here for that.
That would be sick because I
legitimately am like, man, maybe we
should tailgate that [ __ ]
[ __ ] That'd be awesome,
dude. Treat it like it's the [ __ ]
Super Bowl. It is like the Super Bowl
for my
channel. That'd be
sick. You can drop shorts in public. You
want to see me take my pants off in
public? I will. I'll do it right now.
Anybody drops a $100 super chat, I'll
drop my pants in public right
now. The pants will be dropped.
$100 super chat. Do it right now in
front of everyone.
In front of everyone. There's just, you
know, two people, maybe three. Depends
on who's looking. Depends on who's
looking. Everyone's like, "No, you guys
think I'm trying to get arrested." I'm
not. I'm just saying I'll do it for 100
bucks, but it ain't gonna I ain't going
to get in trouble for it. You'll see
why.
I would. It's not cuz I have a second
pair of pants either.
Sir, please put your pants on.
Don't attempt it. I just want to see if
anyone's going to do it. That'd be
insane. Someone drops a hundo just to
see me take my pants off.
I'm just dropping my pants. I tell you
say I take them off. That's true.
Dropping the pants. That is true. Not
dropping the boxers. Hey, it's almost
50. Woohoo. It's almost 50 out or 48. I
know, but it's feels like it's a
problem. Oh, I know. Cuz the breeze
stopped here a little bit. This isn't
bad now. If it stays like this, I'm
good.
My guy units your third. Yeah. Bag
secured, baby. That's what I thought
here. South is full of booze. I'm sure
the cops wouldn't give a [ __ ]
No, it's just No, they would. They
would. But I I literally if I took my p
I wouldn't even get in trouble. Yeah,
I'd be taking my pants off right now if
I was too hot. No, they'd give a [ __ ]
But it they they'd be completely used to
it. Well, no, but I'm saying if I It
wouldn't No, I know what I know why. I I
know what you're saying. I Because I
know what the hell's going on. Yeah, but
No, I'm just saying with Tall Show. I'm
sure the cops won't give a [ __ ] No,
they'll give a [ __ ] Let's just be a
normal day for him. Even though I was
wearing whitey tighties, it wouldn't
matter. I'll still drop my pants for 100
bucks right now. Fair enough.
Don't make any difference. I mean, yeah.
Um, no, no one has to do that, by the
way. I'm gonna say if someone's crazy
out there, for some reason you want to
see my pants off for a moment. Dance
off. Can you open carry alcohol
Wisconsin? No. Uh, there are certain
places. Yeah. Yeah. There's Yeah, but in
general though, they have a public
intoxication rule in a lot of
places. But most like you can't I can't
just like walk downtown drinking a beer
now. But there are like specific places,
but look, we're a drunk state, okay? We
have like designated drunk
areas basically.
example, you're not so you're not
supposed to drink floating down the
river where we live unless it's that
certain celebration every summer. People
still do it, but you're not supposed to.
Yeah. Unless it's at a one event. Yeah.
Try not to say the event because people
figure out where I live. Yeah.
Um, who put the dog over the
loudspeaker? I don't know. Drapers.
Drink of choice. Well, if I'm partying,
it's rum and coke. Captain Coke, maybe.
If I'm
partying, uh, amour, if I'm just
relaxing, I like to have my daquiries
and my really sweet blended drinks like
I'm on vacation.
Amaro sour all the way around. Yeah.
Amaro sour for him. He'll also do what
the Dr. Cherry I'll do anything. Dr.
Cherry Mountain Dew used to be one you
sometimes. Those are like the two. Amord
Sour and Dr. Cherry Mountain Dew. Those
are like the ones Eric actually like
doesn't mind drinking.
Yeah. I mean, I'll do I'll do I mean
I'll drink literally anything to be
honest. I'll drink rum and cos. It's not
like it Oh, rum and co and rum and
coke's not that bad. Um I like it better
than Jack and Coke. I'm not a big
whiskey guy. Yeah. No, I'm not a big
whiskey either, but And you'd probably
like like dairies and stuff. It pretty
much just tastes like a slushie. No, I
know. Yeah. But um also, if I'm
partying, let's just be honest, it ain't
the drink you got to worry about. It's
the shots I'm doing. Yeah. Yeah. The
drinks are whatever. They're like an
appetizer. The main course is the 15
shots I'm about to pull off in the next
hour.
Right. Two hours till store open. Yeah.
People are still waiting in the car.
Yep. Yep. It's cool though,
guys. Here's the thing. They ain't going
to be first, right? They don't have to
be. Well, they want those Zelda amiibo.
They might. They might not have very
many. Especially Yobu cuz that's that's
when the one no one can seem to get
their hands
on. Got to catch up to the Louisiana
ways.
To be fair, when I go party, I usually
start with a shot before I do. Wait,
wait. Got to catch up to Louisiana. Is
that what I just heard you say? Um,
please go look up the 50 drunkest
counties in this in the United States.
We have I think what is it? Seven of the
top 10. It's It's a lot.
Yeah, it's it might as well just be the
whole state. Yeah, it's pretty bad.
It's not just that we have more bars per
capita than churches. We have more bars
per capita than I think anything. Yeah,
you can go you can go like the middle of
bump nowhere to a place that has like
population of 12. No, I or even a place
that says unpopulated
and there's a bar. Wisconsin has
counties. There's a bar. It's crazy.
Yes, I realize parishes. Louisiana has
parishes. Yes, it's it's basically a
county.
Yeah, it's just a different name.
Yeah, for like the same thing.
Yeah.
Um, if your pre-order says June 5th
delivery, you should be set. Yeah,
should be set. But as Jake Randall
always reminds everyone, any online
pre-order, no matter when you got it,
where you got it, what it says, if
you've been charged, whatever.
um if we're like more than a month out,
which we are, it could get cancelled
anytime in the next month. They could
they could just not have enough units
and cancel your pre. So that's why like
if you have multiple, hold until we're
about two weeks out, then make a
decision on which one you want to keep
because if you got the two weeks out,
then they're probably not either one
going to get cancelled.
So one minute one minute still live on
GameStop. You guys enjoy that. I'd load
it up, but like I can't see my computer
screen. So, right. Because the computer
has to be rebooted. And to do that, I
have to end the stream. So, GameStop's
down already. Oh, boy. Oh, let's try.
Let's see if I can get to it on my
phone. Yeah. GameStop.com.
GameStop. That is unnecessary.
Just Just check it out. I'm not
pre-ordering there, so I don't care. But
gametop.com. Oh my god, I can't even
type. SG77. Yeah. Oh, yeah, it is. There
it is. No, no, no. It's an browser's
working. Cloudfare is working. The
website is down. Nice. Uh, SG77. It's
It's an average of about a hundred per
store, but I mean, our store here only
has uh what the hell? I can't 47. They
told me 50. Yeah, as I said, I think a
few got set aside. Yeah, fair enough.
But yeah, it's it but it's it's a it's
roughly about a hundred. Like I told you
guys GameStop was gonna get slammed.
Like everyone's like, "Oh yeah, there's
there it took so long to sell out
GameStop." No, trust me, there's a lot
of people that did not get through.
There's a lot of people that didn't stay
up. Yeah, that's the thing. Some people
didn't stay up for the midnight like,
"Oh, I'll just go for the GameStop the
next day." Yeah. Because people want to
sleep and have lives and have jobs.
Yeah. So like, "Hey, I'm on my lunch
break. Let's get this." So like Yeah.
You know, this was totally expected. Not
everyone stayed up that wants to switch
to stayed up for midnight and especially
because it was starting to take like two
hours past midnight to get through some
of the cues. So, not everyone was going
to stay up for
that.
Um, what's the battery level on our
mics?
See? All right. They're both above 50%.
So, Okay, good. I like when I buy tech
and it just works. They said 12 hours of
life. I don't didn't need 12 hours of
life. Don't care if I get 12 hours of
life. Although, I did not like the ding.
God damn it. Don't tell me it's not
charging now. No, we didn't. I took off
today. Nate works YouTube. So, this is
my job, guys. I'm literally doing my job
right now. This is it. This is what I
do. I cover news and uh we do pre-orders
and live streams and all this. Um, okay.
It's 88. So, not not yet. Not
yet. But I like the still going up,
baby.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And now I have it for
next time for launch.
Although I'm like, do I buy a backup one
just in case? Get the 750 W. Just get a
jackeri.
Those things are [ __ ] nice. Just get
the freaking uh I don't want to run a
generator. We might get We might get
yelled at by a cop if I run a real
generator. Get a jump pack.
Yeah, those big jump packs that you can
jump start cars with. Well, that's what
those halos are, too. Those are the mini
ones. But yeah, the jump packs, it's
about the amperage it outputs through
the outlets. That's the problem. You
know, this thing takes 240. Most of them
top at 100. Yeah,
but not
jackeris. Jackaries are basically you
can run a [ __ ] fridge off that in the
middle of the goddamn woods for like
five hours.
They're meant to. Yeah, but they're
expensive. What's up, Natsu? I would
basically use it as a battery backup in
my house and then just take it with me.
Yeah.
How's How's Walmart promising delivery
by June the 5th of June? I mean, they'll
send them out. It's not It's not about
promising delivery by the It's about
promising the 9:00 am. Yeah. Um what
they're doing one because they wanted
people to go through Walmart because
they're hoping you'd buy the accessories
and games and other stuff from them and
maybe other stuff. Yeah.
Um what they're doing is when you go to
ship
anything, there are different tiers of
shipping. If you go to the very top most
expensive tier, and this is if if you go
to UPS or FedEx or whatever, you can
tell them a specific time you want
something delivered by. You're paying
for that. And a lot of the time it will
be delivered before or at that time or
slightly after. Obviously, there could
be route delays. Um, they're pretty good
about like Amazon is really if you pay
for the top delivery, they're really
good about getting it to you when the
time you paid for is. Um, so that that's
what they're doing. They're they're
paying for the top tier. They're
promising the top tier shipping to
guarantee that
time. There's always extenduating
circumstances, weather conditions, and
other things that could cause delays.
Um, but that that's that's how why
Walmart's other places aren't always
doing that. So, they don't always
guarantee it'll be there on the 5th.
They'll say expected on the fifth
instead of guaranteed because they're
not paying for the top tier shipping.
You know, they'll try to But the thing
is what's cool about the ones not paying
for the top tier shipping. Every once in
a while it arrives the day
before because they'll send it out on
like a Tuesday. Oh, it's supposed to
arrive on Friday, but actually it
arrived on Thursday.
Yeah. that that so like there is like
you will see some people on June 4th
like during the day posting online that
they their Switch 2 arrived. It it
happens. It happens every single time
because they just happen to get lucky in
the way things were shipped and it got
there a day early. Literally, it's it's
common every single console launch.
But I don't care because I like the
midnight launch thing. Literally, it's
going to be a party. Even if it's just a
party of me and Eric, worry about it.
It'll be a party with you guys.
There's a party in my pants. We'll be
dude. I I'll [ __ ] grill out, man. I'm
not even kidding, man. Well, we might
get in trouble for that one. If they
come and tell me to put it out, we'll
put it out. I mean, yeah, obviously not
that big a deal. But [ __ ] grill out,
man. Dude, there's YouTubers that go
into parking lots to just grill out all
the time. Obviously, it's up to the
people in the parking lot if they want
you to do it or not, right? Whatever. I
mean, as long as we're not like with the
guy, the manager. Hey, guy. Look, we're
coming to Mid. I'm a YouTuber. He's not
your buddy guy. Can we make a big deal
out of this? I'll advertise the [ __ ] out
of your store, right? I'll tell everyone
to go pre-order there. Pre-order
everything in exchange.
I want to be set up in your store.
[Music]
Only coming out here to to cook the
tailgate. Yeah.
I won't sell any merch or anything.
Don't worry about that. You might sell
the BRZ, but but what what if what if I
tell you this, buddy? What about this?
You let me in the store for the midnight
launch beforehand so we could stream.
Let us use your internet and all that.
In exchange, I will come back and do a
fan meet and greet here at this
GameStop. Heck yeah.
Deal. Well, what what's the price to
enter? Price to entry is you must buy
one product from
GameStop. I don't care what you buy. Buy
a $2 gift card. I'm Right.
There you go. get some sales. Yeah.
Right. For like the five people that
show up. Yeah. I say five cuz there are
people that recognize me now kind of
around where I live. So there might be
some people willing to come out. And
there are I mean a fairly decent amount
of people in our state, too, from
looking at the chat. But yeah, how many
people in the chat are from
Wisconsin? Give me a hell yeah in the
chat if you're from Wisconsin or live in
Wisconsin currently.
All right. More people are showing up.
I'm seeing more cars. Yep. But I don't
know if they're going to I don't know if
they're going to the dollar store or
not. No, they can be going to the dollar
store maybe, but Yeah. I don't know
about them that are sitting in the car.
I know. Yeah. Well, we are sitting here
talking to microphones.
Yeah, I know.
Two people here. Mhm. They're probably
here for that.
Baby, baby, baby. Oh, we got a Shabboan.
We got a Shabboan. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We
got a couple hell yeah.
Any any of you guys happen to live um
near Oaklair? I don't live in Oaklair,
so I can say that. Yeah. You guys happen
to live near Oaklair? Because then you
might be willing to travel out here for
the meet and greet. I mean, if you live
near Oaklair. Yeah. Still going to be a
little bit of drive, but we talking
about this the Midwest. Everywhere's a
drive. Yep.
Still water on the border. Nice.
Well, GameStop's going to slowly come
back online. It's not like the site
died. It's just, you
know,
nada. Um, nobody is in front of us. No,
we are the line. Well, at the beginning,
I'm pretty confident a couple of these
people here are for are for it, waiting.
They're staying in their cars. Yeah,
they're smart. But we were literally the
first ones here at 1:30 a.m. Online
pre-orders at GameStop are up now, but
like the site's crashing, but it's
coming up. It's crashing. Yeah. And to
be expected, they're the only retailer
up right now with pre-orders. So, like
their site's getting [ __ ] hammered.
I'm not shocked. It's in person. I ain't
got to worry about it, right? So, I go
in and like, "Oh, our system's down."
Well, [ __ ]
Kenosha. Nice.
We're waiting for for Inerson
pre-order. GameStop crashed again. Yeah.
Oh, I'm not surprised GameStop's
crashing like crazy. That none of that
surprises me. They're the only retailer
with stock right now, so like they're
getting [ __ ]
slammed. Fried tater tots. Nice. The
site is fried tater tots. The game
should give me a coffee for Well, I
don't really like coffee that much.
Yeah. I have Mountain Dew. Yeah. Right.
And you know, we're an hour away from
lunchtime.
Yeah. I'm almost like, do you break out
the chips? Well, I'm going to have some
chips like now. Yeah. But also, I'm
like, man, do I just hit the door dash
deliver here? I don't even know what
they have out here. I don't know either.
I don't know. See, the problem is if I
look, it's going to be different than
where I live. And I'm gonna be like,
"Oh, I want that. I like this." Oh,
that's good. Yeah, right. I didn't know
I could get that here. No, no, no. Not
here. We got to go current
location. Current
location. What do they have? So, they
have, cuz I never eat out here. Yeah.
Taco John's, a cafe, a McDonald's, of
course, a DQ, they have a Starbucks,
they have a Subway, a Denny's, Burger
King. Yep. The Cameron House. And of
course, what's the first thing they show
is brisket and cheese curds.
Yeah. Another cafe. Arby's. Jimmy
John's. Oh, their toasted subs are good.
Who? What? Jimmy Johns. Their toasted
subs. They're good. You had them? Yeah,
I've had one.
Good. Taco Bell. More cafes. Oh, it's
cafes over here.
Hardies. The
meltdown. Okay, let's see what they're
about. More cafes. A Dunkin Donuts. Oh,
they got a burrito place. No. No.
GameStop site being down will not affect
uh pre-orders. Intore pre-orders. No.
Pizza
Hut. The Burger
Decin Robbins. Whoa. That's voice I
haven't heard in a long time. Right.
Basket Rob is nice.
Yes. There are RB still around. Yes. Oh,
Culver's opens in 19 minutes. Culver's.
Yep. Wever
they got good [ __ ] From Germany. Very
nice.
Tokyo.
Applebees. Definitely never had
Applebees delivered. Yeah. Oh, one I
haven't had in a long time. But Little
Caesars. Oo. Yeah. Little in. It's not
open till 11, but still. Yeah. I haven't
had Little Caesars in forever, man. That
used to be a college maze. I mean, yeah,
that was a [ __ ] $5 hot. Yeah. Yeah. I
don't think they had the $5 ones. I
think it's eight
now. Let me see. Well, and this is their
Door Dash. It's be more expensive. Yeah,
it must be eight because they're
charging nine. The Yeah, but you know
what? I actually The website's
completely different than their in
store. I actually like crazy bread in
store uh system. So it their online
store being the website being down will
have nothing to do with in in store
pre-order. The crazy puffs with sauce.
Oh, I haven't tried those yet. Yeah, I
had them once. They're really
good. Anyways, they got a lot more
options than they used to when I was in
college. Yeah, it was just bread sticks
and pizza. There was nothing else. Yeah,
they've expanded. Yeah, I guess you got
it when now your pizzas are almost 10
bucks a pop, right? Which mean whatever.
Everything's going up, right? But that's
the thing. You can get a single top
Domino's for $7.
Grant, you got to get two of them. What?
Oh, toppers. No, no, no. You can get a
single topping uh Domino's. Yeah. For
seven, but you have to buy a minimum of
two. Yeah. But Oh,
yeah. Glitched for a half second.
They should
be. We are in front of a GameStop right
now.
destroyed a
thing. Yes and no. I mean, I don't think
it was Nintendo's goal. It's it's all
systems launches are [ __ ] shows because
uh your retailers can't get their [ __ ]
together. That's mostly what it's on.
There is some there's some to do with
the the the console manufacturers, but a
lot of it is has to do with the
retailers don't have their [ __ ]
together. Stop right now. Um I might be
able to tilt the camera and show you.
Yeah.
Uh let's
see. It's going to be delayed for me to
know. God, you nice job almost knocking
the soda over, too. Yeah, I know. I've
done it almost twice in a row. Well, you
did knock the soda over once already,
but Oh, I can't tell it's lagging.
Yeah, I'm getting I'm getting the
spinning wheel of death here for right
now. All right. Well, well, hopefully
we're in front of we're in front of
GameStop. Just take our word for it.
Scream and die. Uh I don't know if they
saw the sign. Did it open up your eyes?
I mean, you can see the the the GameStop
Pro sign on the window.
Yeah, maybe moving the camera wasn't a
smart idea. Nope. No, it was not.
Moving the camera. Don't do it, Nate.
Don't do it. Okay, we won't do that
again. Lesson learned. Sorry. Yep. My
bad. The volume's up so I can hear the
super chats
going. There's other people here.
They're just in their car. Mhm. It's
cold out. There's a lot of units, you
know, if they're just trying to get just
a unit, nothing else.
Yeah. No, no reason to worry about
losing a spot in line right now. Yeah,
we have at least two people.
Yeah, that would be my assumption.
So, I kept thinking, man, when we go in
there, what are we going to do about
this so people don't jack my stuff? All
right, fold. We don't even have to end
the stream. Shove in trunk. Close. Yeah,
pretty much. I mean, that's literally
just so I don't have to worry about
people jack I'm worried about jacking
the laptop. Yeah. Yeah. Um,
we'll have to figure out a way to put
the table away, too.
I don't care when we go in. I don't
think anyone's gonna run and jack the
table. If they do, whatever. Well, no,
it's more of a So, it's out of the
freaking way of people. Well, just fold
our chairs up. Yeah.
See how many pre-orders last night?
Well, we got four pre-orders for
giveaways, guys.
Yep.
Yep. We're going to do the midnight
launch here.
So, well, yeah, I got online ones
earlier, but I'm a YouTuber, so we're
giving those ones away. So, this is
actually for me. So, this is my big
deal, right? I want to get the Pro
Controller and the games and all the
stuff. So, no, our store doesn't open
for another hour and 45 minutes. 43.
Yeah, something like that.
Well, we've been here since 1:30 a.m.
So,
see, got to make sure I'm first because
I need the new Zelda
amiibo. And apparently, Yobu like is
really hard to get one of the Zelda
amiibo. Like, even online, people aren't
able to get them. So, I'm like, well,
and then I have to be like first because
they might only have one. Does
the unlock anything? I actually have no
idea what they do. Yeah, I'm just a big
Zelda guy, so I'm like, wait, they're
launching with Switch 2, so I'll take
them. They're brand new, so
I got
the switch.
Okay. So, yes. So, if you have Tears of
the Kingdom already in Switch and you
put it in Switch to uh do you have a NSO
subscription?
Okay. If you have the Nintendo Switch
online subscription, it actually will be
a free upgrade for you. So, when you put
your cartridge in or you redownload a
digital copy, whatever it is, it'll be a
free upgrade if you have NSO. If you
didn't have NSO, then I think it was $10
to upgrade it. Yeah. You don't have to
buy the Switch 2 edition one that's like
really expensive. You don't actually
have to buy that if you already own it.
My question is like
Okay.
So, if if it's a switch Okay. So,
you have the cartridge. Okay. If you
have the cartridge, you can always put
that back into your Switch one and play
it. Okay. Um the big the big thing that
came up is that um when you transfer
your save file over because you can
transfer your save file over so you can
keep playing. They also added a new save
file which is cool if you want to start
over. Um cloud save backups are not
working for the two Zelda games on
Switch 2. You can use it to transfer
over, but once you start playing on your
Switch 2, you can't like save that and
transfer back. Okay. So that that's like
the one caveat. Oh, that's fine. But
yeah, who cares? And if you're just
starting a new file, then who then who
really cares at all? Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, I'm basically the same
way. The only reason I'm still going to
have the Switch is one. I have the Zelda
Collector's Edition one. So, I'm not
going to get rid of that. It's
Collector's Edition. And then I'm um I'm
a YouTuber. We're live streaming right
now. Uh it's what I do for a living. So,
like I do like testing sometimes to see
like, hey, if I buy Cheers to the
Kingdom Switch 2 edition, the red
cartridge, if I put it in Switch one,
can I still play it? Don't know. Nobody
knows because Nintendo's not answering
the questions. So, yeah.
Yeah. Any questions you have about
Switch, I'm the guy.
Yep.
Yes, you can transfer. You have to do a
system transfer because Pokemon doesn't
do cloud saves. Um but once you do your
system transfer and get those over. Yes.
And there's a free upgrade for them. So
better performance and everything. Yep.
Yep. That's absolutely free. So So what
about the Pokemon?
Yeah, I don't know about the Pokemon
Bank. Yeah, they they haven't given any
details on that stuff. I'm hoping that
it's there day one and everything's
good, but it's backwards compatible, so
it should in theory be fine and just
work. But I mean like I mean
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It should it
should be fine. It it should just work.
I I can't guarantee that personally
because Pokemon Company hasn't really
talked about what's happening with
Switch 2, but I mean we know Legend ZA
is going to have a Switch 2 edition, but
they haven't talked about the bank
stuff. And I'm assuming because of
backwards compatibility, everything will
just be kind of smooth and work. But
it's the Pokemon Company. Smoothing and
work isn't always
Yeah, sure. Yeah. Hey, uh Matthew
Williams, thank you for the $5. He said,
"Hey, Prime, I got one at Target last
night. Hoping to get one for your
brother today." Good luck, man. Uh
Natsu, thank you so much, buddy. He
said, "The hype is real, my brothers and
sisters."
Yeah, if you guys if you ever see me not
talking to the chat, talking to somebody
else, we got people now finally showing
up waiting. So,
and I'm kind of the Switch 2 guy. So,
what's your YouTube channel? Nintendo
Prime. It's actually on my hat,
but we're live right now to like 800,
900
people. Yeah. GameStop times, guys. Like
to open for in in it's going to you just
have to look it up for your local store.
Yeah. A lot of a lot open at noon, but
some open at 11:00, some open at 10.
Some don't open later than that. You
just got to look it up. Yeah. They base
their hours on when they're when they
usually get foot traffic. That's why you
see a lot of like around lunchtime
openings because they don't do a lot of
morning stuff. But then on weekends
hours might be totally
different. You got to look for your
local.
Someone in the age I live has secured a
pre-order shoe with Mario Kart World
from one of three retail branch stores
in the USA. I'm so excited. Nice. You
got one from Walmart last night and one
from GameStop. Accidental early
pre-orders. MLM. Uh trying to get
another from my bro. Be safe out there.
Ah, we're safe. We're fine. Not too
worried about in a small area like this.
I'm not as worried about someone walking
up and stabbing me. Kind of
happened. I don't know.
Hopefully me and Eric can kick his ass
if it
happens. And it's going to be on live
stream. They're really screwed. They're
really screwed. Their face will be all
over the internet. We'll make sure if
they're wearing a mask, the first thing
we do is rip it off so the police have
the evidence, right?
That's one nice thing when you're live
streaming in public. It's like people
can't really get away with
anything. They're trying to mess with
you. I just got back from GameStop. I
got my pre-order on all the amiibo.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying. The amiibo
are going to be gone like
that. But that's why we got here so we
could be first because I want I want to
get everything that I want to get and
you the only shot you really have at
that is to be first because you don't
know how many they're going to have of
all the accessories and everything else.
The units they have plenty of units. So,
you know, probably could show up here at
noon and be able to get whatever unit
you want because they have like 47 of
them just based on who. But who knows?
Once we get to 11, there could be more
and more people showing up. Who knows?
You don't ever know.
That's why it's always Yeah. And that's
why we were here where we were, but we
don't know when people are going to line
up, but also we were going to do a
stream anyways. And we're like, well,
plus I want the amiibo. And the amiibo
are the things that like people just
can't get. They have very little of it.
So, I'm like, all right, I need to be
first so I can guarantee it. So, the
question
Uh, I didn't he didn't sleep. I I I went
into the car. I think I got like 45
minutes maybe. It's very hard for me to
get comfortable because I have a hernia
right now.
So, there's only one position I can
sleep in and I can't do that. So, I'm
like, it's whatever. We have lots of
caffeine. Yep. Even our breakfast bars
had caffeine in it. Yep. And I and I cut
back on my soda intake lately, so the
caffeine's really hitting me. So, I feel
great for now. Hard crash probably
coming at dinner time, but you know.
Yeah.
My
sister, my sister has
the family
here on it. Yeah.
The
system or can you can do it on your
switch. The system transfers are tied to
your account. They're not tied to the to
NSO.
No. No. Yeah. System transfers are tied
to your account on your switch. Yep.
Yep. So you you'll be good. Yeah. The
NSO won't matter for that.
Yeah. It won't matter. As long as you're
using your own account, you're good.
Yep. Because you're just doing an
account transfer. So, when you go to do
the system transfer, there's a couple
screens to click on. Obviously, I
haven't done it to Switch 2 yet, but I'm
assuming it's similar to Switch. I've
done it on Switch a couple times. It
it's it's pretty self-explanatory, and
there'll be guides online as well. So,
another question is what
about Okay, the SD card situation's
interesting. So,
Switch 2 is not compatible with the SD
cards that Switch has. Yeah, they're
using SD Express because they want
faster load speeds for their games. So,
unfortunately, you can't use the old
cards. Um, chances are I don't How big
is the micro SD card you have on your
Switch? The one I have about 500. Okay.
Is it pretty full? Yep. Okay. So, that
means there won't be enough storage on
the system. Um, so you will probably
need to get a micro SD card to bring
everything over, all your saves and all
that stuff, but all the cloud still.
Yeah, cloud saves can still be
transferred whenever. Okay. Yeah.
Anything if any of your cloud saves are
up, you can download that straight to
Switch.
Yeah.
No, no, no, no. You don't have to do
that. No. Yeah. Yeah. You're good.
You're good with that. Yep.
Uh what's up chat? How you guys doing?
Um sorry, I was just talking to someone
out here. Uh GameStop's website's still
down. Yeah, I'm not surprised they're
the only retailer with stock right now.
They're going to be crashing hard. New
Madden 26 and College Football 26
trailers out. Oh nice. Uh did they put
the Switch 2 logo in the college one?
Did they put the Switch Two logo in
either of them?
I'm gonna watch it right now. Actually,
I don't really care. I just want to see
if the Switch duel log is at the
end because this wasn't this one wasn't
announced. Um, did they just show that
college football is going to let us
transfer dry classes?
Uh, if they did, that's amazing. Uh,
that's the only reason I didn't like it
last year. Yeah.
They're showing getting drafted to an
NFL team. That's why I'm like uh Oh, but
it the my player you were you were able
to transfer over. I know.
I did I don't see platforms listed at
the end of the trailer unfortunately. Or
the Madden 26 one. Madden was already
announced. Yeah. Switch to Dominic. I'm
not 100% sure on that one. If it may be
best to just check with your your place
of picking up with the midnight
launches. Oh, they combined it together.
They announced Man 26 and College
together. Oh, it's a combined trailer. H
Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that would suggest
what that they actually interact
together. Not necessarily.
But we'll
see. I really know. Well, that that was
almost the trailer didn't really show me
much. That's why I'm like I got to
listen to the audio. Yeah, the audio
might actually reveal a key feature that
why are they being advertised? Um, hour
and a half.
All right, so let me see here. We
got All right, we had a super chat. Got
to get back to my chat here. Yep. Just
got my pre-order. How long do you guys
have left? Hour and a half till open.
Yeah. Hour to 31. Well, that's saying
the manager doesn't show up open early.
I doubt he's going to do it. I do. I do,
too. I know he hinted, oh, maybe. I'm
like, "Yeah, I doubt it. He's probably
going to show up till 2 minutes before
opening." Yeah. Right. Uh, just got my
pre-order. How long do you guys have
this? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hour and a half.
Yeah. The airbor campa. That's right,
guys. Yep. The minute that launch be at
12 Eastern like last night or 12 local
time. Uh, we don't I have no idea.
That's why I said check with your check
with your place that you're purchasing
it from. I don't even know if they know
for sure yet. Gota remember it's like
six weeks from now. So, yeah, there's
that, too. Is the GameCube controller
peeler going to be today? It was in
other countries. I don't know. I haven't
heard of it being yet today. But also,
you know, I'm not at home in my normal
setup looking at stuff. Also, I'm pretty
sure that that's only through the NSO
store, right? Yeah, it
is. Yeah. You got back from the you got
the pre-order and all of the amiibo.
Hell yeah. Appreciate all my positivity.
You're welcome. Yeah, there's a lot of
negativity out there in the world.
I I'll criticize Nintendo,
but I really enjoy their
stuff. Amazon has some Samsung micro SDX
for one terabyte for 70. No
way. 70 is the price of the normal ones.
You got you got to be a little careful
because they were using the the the word
express before the express ones
existed. Uh but let's look. Uh what was
it? Samsung. Yeah.
Samsung Micro SD
Express one
terabyte.
Okay. I see $80 for the Pro, which is
not an
express. Are you sure? I I see 80 bucks
and it's not the express one.
Alissa, that's the 256 SanDisk Micro SD
Express is 70.
The Pro one. The Pro ones are not uh
Express. Those are like 200 megabyte per
second. You'll know that it's Express if
it doesn't say it. If it says uh 600
megabytes per second or higher, those
are only Express that can do that.
Uh, let's see
here. No switch to yet. Okay. Um,
GameStop just handed us flyers for
products available for order and then
you know me was not on here
unfortunately for mine. Got to remember
the flyer they're hand I know what the
fly is the flyer the same one I posted
on on
Twitter. I posted a flyer on Twitter.
Um, I can't bring it up to show you
guys, but I posted on the flyer here.
I'll just I'll just All All the other
Zelda amiios are though. What's up with
the Anobu? I don't I don't know. It's
It's tough to find. So, hold on. Uh,
where is it? Is it It's
uh Where's my
media? Not my Okay, my post. Really?
You're not going to let me do media
find. I'll just scroll down till I find
it.
So, I they're not here. You have to hand
me a flyer to know.
Um, but the flyer that I saw earlier was
save the hassle and bundle your console.
So, they were advertising their bundles
and then they advertised some of the
games coming out. Um, there there was uh
no amiibo on this on this one. So, I
don't know what your flyer is like, but
the flyer that someone handed me, she
said that the there were of the other
amiios on there, but not not the Yobu.
Well, maybe your store didn't get any.
Yeah, it's definitely a possibility. I I
don't mind him getting here and letting
me know. I'm I'm trying to feel
everything. I hope you know who's at our
store. I have no clue.
Awesome. Miss Fudge is doing this.
You're welcome.
What's the PC?
I have no idea. I can't see.
Now, see what you made me do? Knock my
phone down. Bastard. Oh my god. I can't
even bend over to get it. Why am I
supposed to bend over?
Tell me where we're at. Just drop it
again.
Tell me where we're
at. 10,000 views on the stream. That's
where we're
at. 98. Yeah, we can turn off Yeah, just
turn it off and
unplug just to be safe.
Cool. So, we're at 98%. So, can I trick
my computer for the brightness to
work? I will try
again. Laptops, guys, sometimes you just
got to
like restart them to fix brightness
settings because we are should not
be okay. Where the heck did your phone
go? It's I have it. I grab it. I
shouldn't have. That's why I said,
"Yeah, I'm not supposed to bend over at
all."
Okay. What if we turn off energy saver?
Well, that no energy. That didn't do
[ __ ] That literally didn't do
[ __ ] I literally cannot fix this
screen. I think I just has to be
restarted.
Um, I'll just I'll just Google real
quick. Uh,
brightness on laptop stuck on low.
Um, look at your display settings. I
tried that. Power settings. Adaptive
brightness.
Adaptive brightness.
Adapt. Probably under settings. Oh,
perfect.
adapt to
my change brightness level. Brightness
level is at. Ah, we got it.
Hey, crank that [ __ ] Hey,
what was wrong? I can now see my
computer. What was wrong with it? What's
it again? It wouldn't let me slide it
before. Now it let me slide it. Fair
enough. I don't know if the keyboard
shortcuts working. Yeah. Oh, keyboard
shortcuts working again. Yay. So, it had
to just be I didn't have enough. Have
enough juice. All right. I'll update our
total. Where's our total? I can now read
the chat without looking at my phone.
We're at
7739. Thank you, guys. Uh, can I forward
this? No.
77. Oh, come on.
Why can't
All
right. Uh, Jacob just got yours. Yeah,
some GameStops are opening. So, doing
diddly diddly stuff under the blanket.
No, I was trying to fix the brightness
on my computer, man. So, I got it to
work. Dude, we're at We're at like a
thousand live right now. What is going
on? Yeah, Alyssa sent me the um Dude,
the Dude, this is Legend. Wait for it.
Yeah. So, this is the the flyers that
they gave out. Oh, yeah. That's That's
different. Yeah. So, the Micros Express,
which I'm good. I have mine. Carrying
case.
See, these are just GameStop
accessories. No, it's scroll down.
There's There's a second set of couple
seconds. See games obviously going to
advertise their own accessories. Yeah.
Um Okay. Pre-order
checklist. So they got the bundles.
Okay.
Yeah. Launch day games. They don't even
have all the games. Well, maybe those
are all they have physically. Those
could just be all they have physically.
That could be it. Yeah. Okay. Um
upcoming games. Yeah. If you want to pre
upcoming games. Yeah, I get that.
Okay. Um top recommended accessories.
Pro controller switch to camera. Uh, so
we should be able to get that. I should
be able to get that. I don't know if you
want the Pro Controller, but I'll get
the Pro Controller. I don't know about
that. Micro Express. I don't think I'm
going to get a camera,
but I get an extra terabyte. What?
Cuz they have they have terabyte micro
Express as well. No. Do they? Yeah.
Carry case, deluxe gaming case, Joy-Con,
charging grip. Yeah, that's the thing. I
might I might get the charging
grip. We'll
see. Screen protector. My my question.
the screen. I direct question. Tempered
glass or plastic? Yeah, I don't know. If
it's tempered glass, then maybe I'll do
it. Yeah, I don't care about the card
storage case. I don't need the GameStop
Nintendo Switch 2 wheelgrip twin pack.
Amibo. Yeah, they have every amiibo
listed. All the Street Fighter ones and
all the Zelda ones except for Yobu.
Except for Yobu. Nice. Oh man, that is
painful. No, hopefully they come and
give us a pamphlet. Yeah, right. I want
a pamphlet. Uh, Boo Mini says, "Good
morning, Nintendo Prime and Eric Moore.
You guys look very cozy." Good morning.
Well, it's getting warmer out now. It is
a little bit warmer considering that we
were We're almost to 50. It hit 38
degrees. We're almost to 50.
Uh, let's see here. Update
this. Uh, because we just hit 8919. How
just happened? I miss a super. Oh, there
we go. That would explain it. Love the
commitment. Thanks, Alissa. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you. I really
appreciate it, guys. Yeah, man. I mean,
look, my job's to cover Nintendo, and
this is the this is like the fun part of
the job. Like, I enjoy what I do, making
my videos and all that, but like I'm out
here anyways, regardless of streaming.
I'm out here to get my day one
pre-order, midnight launch stuff. And I
told you guys, this is the first console
launch I've gotten to do with a bunch of
fellow Nintendo fans. And this is
awesome. It's incredible. How the hell
does this stream have like 11,000 views?
I don't know. It just does. I mean,
we're we're two guys just sitting here.
Yeah, we're just we're literally just
chilling and I love it. You guys are
showing love and support all throughout
your your kind words. I know I can't
literally respond to everyone. I wish I
could. Great. It's just not possible,
but
drop the you know, but yeah, you know,
was the one that that seems very low
stocked. Alyssa is going to ask if they
if they come back out, she'll ask about
the uh screen protector. Oh, sure. And
we don't know what this will have, you
know. Right, right, right. But still, I
mean, it's I'm guessing they're going to
have similar, you know, similar stuff.
So hard to get, isn't it? It's going to
be scalped for like hundreds of dollars.
No, probably. Yeah, because there's so
few of them. That's just weird. YouTube
algorithm. What is the YouTube algorithm
pushing pushing my stream right
now? It's crazy if it is. I mean, to be
fair, I might be one of the only people
live streaming at the event that's not
streaming on a phone.
Huh. It's a semi-professional setup. I
mean, the best I can do on the go right
now. Yeah. You give me more time and
GameStop gives me more leanway, I can
make a really professional,
dude. If they let me run a power strip
out here, dude, we'll get out the big
gun cameras, right? Make a real show.
Multiple angles, right? Hey, if they let
us stream from the store, it'd be even
better. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, can I stream in
your store for midnight launch? I
promise you're not going to touch
anything. Yeah, right.
And the trunk. It's just going to go in
the trunk. Yeah, it's just going I'm
probably not even going to end the
stream. I just go and the trunk and then
I'll come out and I'll open the trunk
and I'll tell him, "Hey, here's what I
got." Unless he lets me walk in the
store with it, which I doubt he's going
to. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't want it to get stolen.
That's my big I if the
camera this No, no. This is a brand new
work computer. I do not want that
stolen.
If if
anything I grab this and walk away with
the computer say no, no one touches.
Yeah, you steal any other [ __ ] I don't
even care. Well, he'll steal my car.
Hey, Jake. What? You got Jake in the
chat? No. Uh, he's got our our stream
pulled up. Oh, Jafar. What are you doing
with the drop the price, buddy? I'm not
Nintendo. I I don't control the prices.
We don't control the prices
here. Why don't Why don't you go
uh put a few more hours in at your job?
Make some money. Do the opposite. Go
make some money,
buddy.
Daddy Daddy Asen 24 with the five at my
local GameStop. 25th in line and they
got 55 bundles and 30 regular. Hell
yeah. 85. We got 47 out here.
Yeah, you can spam if you can spam drop
the price all you want. I literally am
not Nintendo, right? I know you might
get confused because Nintendo's in the
username, but I'm literally not
Nintendo. So, drop the console, not the
brace. Drop the console, not the brace.
Uh, I can officially say that is one
thing I won't be doing. And I won't be
doing any fly it in the air and drop it
from a drone drop test. Oh, come on.
Someone will do it. It won't be me. I
will lick the cartridge. In fact, maybe
I even put the whole thing in my mouth.
I don't know. It'll be on the live
stream. We'll see what happens. See how
crazy I get.
That's that's that's another test. Does
it taste as bad as the switch cartridge?
They said they put a coating on it, but
they won't tell us if it's the same one
or the new one. Yeah. Yeah. Got to find
out. So, you know, that means I got to
lick a Switch One to remind myself. I
mean, and then, you know, got to compare
cuz I haven't licked the Switch One
cartridge in like eight years. I know,
right? So,
you got the Pro Controls from Best Buy.
Nice, man.
You got your Switches not yet? Store's
not open. Nope. Hour and 17 away. Yep.
How's your game open yet? Well, it's 43
a.m. and it opens at noon. One Tiny
Town, two Yeah. Tiny Town. No.
Sure. What he said? I don't know. It's
just not open. What do you want me to do
about it? I don't control the hours. All
right. Um, if I did, I probably would
have been open earlier today.
Drop the price 30 cents so I save on
eggs.
What? Right. I don't think Switch Two in
the egg situation's related. Um, what
would be a good headset for Switch 2? I
have no idea. Don't have one. Haven't
tested any headsets on it. Couldn't tell
you. Like, I have a nice headset I use
at home, but I don't know. It doesn't
work well with my Switch. I don't know
if it'll work well with my Switch, too.
Works fine with my PC and my Xbox, but
uh Do you and Eric have a 3DS uh with
you for a potential Street Pass? No, I
have my Switch. I have my Switch. Isn't
that one mine over? That one's yours?
Yeah. Yeah. So, I have my Switch. At
least I'm almost positive that one's
yours.
Raise the price. Drop the base. I'm
dropping the base, man. Slap it to base.
Uh, actually managed to pre-order a
Switch 2 and two Pro Controller Bun from
Best Buy. Nice. How about you guys
celebrate after you get your pre-order?
Go home. Go home and take a nap. Go
home. Maybe take a nap. I don't know. I
got to deal with my daughter. So, yeah,
there is that. Being a bratty teenager.
There's that. Unless Unless you Unless
she made the right decision eventually
and got taken to school. We'll see.
Yeah.
Um, I got all the accessories I wanted
at Best Buy and the bundle. I had to
enter a separate queue for each
accessory, though. Yeah, I'm not
surprised
there.
Um, let's see. Raise the price. Raise
the price. Thank you so much, man. Uh,
Scoob says, "Thank uh, good luck, man.
Pre-order through Walmart." Yep. Yeah,
pre-orders are Yep.
Oh, yeah. Sorry.
Noon.
Yeah. Yeah. We'd be in there already and
out of here. They were already open.
Yeah. Yeah. I know. Different, too.
Yeah.
Uh, let's see.
How long till your GameStop opens? Uh,
hour and 14, guys. The bundle is sold
out while you were in line. Oh, that
sucks. Caroline, what games are you most
excited about on release day? Um, well,
look, Mario Kart is huge. Mario Kart
World looks incredible. Are you way
behind on chat? I don't know. This is
the shroom chant updated. Yeah, fair
enough.
So, Mario Kart World's obviously the big
one. Um I'm I'm very curious about
Cyberpunk
um and Hogwarts Legacy as well. Uh the
Nintendo Switch 2 um tour
game. I
really It's like one two Switch. I'm
just getting it because it's another
Nintendo published launch game. I'll
probably beat it.
just for shits and giggles. But I heard
some of the mini games are actually
pretty fun in it. But I mean, it's
Nintendo. I'm hoping it's not another
everybody's one two switch situation.
They didn't put a horse in it as far as
I'm aware. So, are you surprised nobody
else is there waiting? There are people.
We got We got a guy sitting right over
here. You guys can't see him. He's off
camera on the other side of the door
trying to sneak in and grab my number
one
spot. Hey, you can walk on over. You'll
be You'll be in camera. Just see another
guy, buddy. I think there's another guy
over there waiting in his car. Uh, no.
I'm still good. Hey, you want one, dude?
Oh, sure.
We were forced to buy two 12-packs
because it was too expensive for one.
Anyways, and we got a garbage can or
garbage bag when you're when it's
empty. Um, you don't live in Sweden.
here. It cost $100 more. I know. And I'd
still be out trying to get it. Did I
grab the cups and spoons or did I leave
them? No, you did. I just couldn't
figure where they are. Like I can't
remember if I left them just sitting
there if I actually grabbed them. I'm
pretty sure you did.
Whatever. We'll make it work either way.
That's why you had your mac and cheese
bowl. Another question about the switch.
Sure. You can use the old switch
controls for that. Um, which ones? Oh,
like the pro control. Yes, the pro
controller will work with it. Uh, the
biggest thing is obviously you don't
have the C button for the game chat,
which is whatever. Um, but also it it
will not wake the Switch 2 up from
sleep. Okay. And I don't know
why. Nintendo hasn't explained it. It's
just right on their website. It will not
wake the Switch 2 up, but just go ahead
just It'll still work though. Okay. Same
thing with the JoyCons. Yeah. Yeah. Like
the JoyCons you can't attach to the side
and charge it, but yes, you can sync and
use them. Yep. And some of the Switch
One backwards compatible games actually
will still require them. So, well, if
you have like um trying to think one
like Ringfit Adventure like Yeah, the
Switch Joycons don't work with that
game. Kind of excited for the Elden
Ring. Oh, I know. We don't have a Oh,
wait. Did we get a release date for that
one? I don't think we have a release
date yet. It's just this year. Elder
Ring, the uh whatever edition. It's the
It's basically the complete edition of
the game.
I hope we get Night Rain. They haven't
announced it yet, but I hope we hope we
get the Night Rain over. So, I know the
Switch is gonna have the Gamecube games
on it. Yep. My question is what
other games? Oh, I don't I don't think
we're going to get Wii.
Um, it's possible they dabble into DS
possibly. Um, but I don't think they're
going to go much beyond that. I I do
think that, you know, because they
worked with Sega, there's an outside
shot Dreamcast comes over. Yeah. Yeah.
Dream I think there's a shot for that.
Yeah. Like imagine if they made like a
Dreamcast.
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. It'd be sick. Um I
was tempted to wait at my local game,
but I have a presentation today. Oh,
that's understandable. Priorities. Yeah.
Husband refuses to play Mario Kart with
me after the Wii mode
situation. Why? What we situation? Do I
want to know what happened between you
and your husband in a weiimote? I don't.
Story
time. Who took the condom off? Just tell
me who took the condom off. Uh
oh boy.
Good thing our audience is primarily
adults, right? I mean, yeah. Uh is I
mean, look, that's what we all called
it. It was all called the Wii condom.
Come on. Don't act like that wasn't what
that thing was called. It had probably
an official name. I don't know what it
was. It was just a weak condom to me.
Protection.
Hey, we had a $1 direct donation. Can I
actually read it? Hey, I can on this
computer. Where are you guys waiting?
It's 1:45 a.m. here in Australia. How
much longer until the store opens? Store
opens in an hour and 10. Um, so we're
waiting at
GameStop.
Yep. Uh oh. Hey, we must be getting
pushing the algorithm. We just got over
a thousand again. Nice. Now, come back
to the night stream and tell us. I I
don't I don't know if I'm doing a night
stream tonight, Jocy.
Uh if you have all these day streams,
I'm tired. I'm not saying that I can't
do it. I just don't know if Julia will
be happy if I do it. She had to deal
with the kids alone this morning. So,
and one of them is not behaving very
well. No.
And Julia has not texted me all day.
Hey, thanks guy. Oh, I was gonna say I
almost said his name out loud because it
showed the because I went to my PayPal.
Oh.
Good thing I I'm not going to say your
name, man, but thank you so much for the
donation. I do appreciate it. Battle
Worlds Gaming that I can't say it to
you. All right. Well, I'll know if she
found I'll know if she found the
uh Oh, it's tempered glass. Wait a
second. It's tempered glass. Oh, wait.
That's me.
Thank you, Alyssa. Screen protector is
tempered glass, so heck yeah, it is.
Yep.
Okay, I have
that. No, Julia must be home. Yeah,
she's at
home. Oh, Melody.
Or does it shut off? Probably should
just be shut off.
Does it?
I'll have some
here. I'm sure it does. It's a new one
I've never had before. Um, all right. Do
you know the price of Hogwarts for
Switch 2? Oh, it's a good question.
Um, probably 70 on our luck, but
uh, Hogwarts Legacy switch to
price. Um, greater than zero dollars.
Well, that is true. Greater than zero.
I'm assuming
70. Was it on that uh, tweet? I'm not
actually seeing it listed, so I don't
even know.
I'm not even see. Does someone in the
chat know? Did someone already get it
pre-ordered? I know it's a launch game.
Did someone get it pre-ordered? Was it
Was it 70? I'm I'm I'm assuming it's 70.
Boom. Mini. Uh, will you guys buy the
GameCube controller? I want to get it
because it's wireless and I might
actually play some of the GameCube NSO
games and it can be used outside of it,
too. But, you know, um, have they
released Drag X Drive Price? Uh, they
haven't, but we also don't even have a
release date for it yet. So, I I suspect
when we learn the release date. Where's
the
cheese? Because I don't have anything to
put it in. I will find I will find
something. The cheesy lid with the
holes. Just keep it in the middle.
That's what she said. Hey,
speaking
of the Pokemon,
that's a good one. That actually is a
good question. I have no
idea. I hope so. I always hope they're
all compatible with Pokemon Bank,
but I've learned over the years I can't
trust the Pokemon Company with anything.
Yeah. So, I never really know what's
going to happen.
Yeah, probably they've done it for all
of them.
So, I'm thinking that's assuming I'm
hoping maybe it's more hope that
Dreamcast comes, but it should. It's the
same generation as
Gamecube. Um, five more minutes for
Ulysa. Nice. Um, Isuza, is it just you
two at GameStop? No, they got a guy here
and one more. There might be a a few
that are still in their
car and there's still an hour to go. I
suspect if anyone's like worried about
it, they'll show up like, you know, half
hour, 15 minutes before
or they won't show up at all. Whatever.
Not my problem. Tyler Smith, can you
guys explain the whole upgrade pack
situation for Breath of Wild if I own
the games on Switch One? Okay, if you
own the game of Switch One, whether it's
digital or physical, physical, obviously
you just insert your cartridge into
Switch 2. Digital, you just do a system
transfer, transfer it over, or you can
redownload it. Um, you can download your
saves. Um, so if you have already own
the game on Switch One, all you have, if
you have NSO expansion pack with the
expansion pack, you can get uh them for
free. It's part of the expansion pack.
If you don't, uh they're $10 each to
upgrade them. Now, uh obviously that
that comes with not just the resolution
and frame rate bump on and the faster
load times. It also comes with the uh
Zelda app that gets added to your
Nintendo app. Um and that allows you to
like trade items. Um allows you to have
like a daily thing you can get. Uh
there's extra story content with voice
acting and everything technically in
Tears of the Kingdom. Uh so that's
really cool. Uh and it has a whole map
thing. It it does a lot of really cool.
It's like Google Maps for Zelda. It's
It's interesting. Um, that being said,
that's how that works. Uh, yeah. Or you
just I mean, yeah, those are kind of the
options. Although, you also get an extra
save file. And what unfortunately, as
soon as you start playing your save file
that you transfer from Switch One on
your Switch 2 or if you start a new one,
it is not save cloud data backup
compatible on Switch 2. Why? Some people
think has to do with the app and the
item trading and people worrying about
like duplicating items. You know, I
thought Nintendo came out and cleared up
something about that item duplication. I
don't know. The bottom line is the save
cloud data backup doesn't work.
Um, sure. HDR, sure, but HDR is kind of
like in every game on Switch 2. That's
just kind of how it is. Almost every
game. Uh, you managed to order the one
TBR max card from Amazon. So, I might
return the 256. Yeah, the one tab I feel
is the way to go. 512 is fine too for
some people, but the game sizes are
going to be bigger. So, I think one
tabyte is the way to go. But it's also
hard to get. It sells out very
quickly. No, we won't be in GameStop for
another hour,
guys. Hey, Aaron got his pre-order at
GameStop. Congrats,
buddy. That's what we like to see. I'll
go update our total
here. 10716. Pop over at Jake's for a
second. What? Pop over to Jake for a
second. You can pop over to Jake all you
want. I just can't do it on my end. I
know. See if he's still going. I'm sure
he's still going. He is still going. Why
would you still be going? GameStop's
been crashing. I don't know. Is that
cheese dip? Yeah, it's um I've never had
it. Hot spicy queso. I don't know. Yeah,
it's really good. It's good.
do they'll also
Oh yeah, any everything they've added to
NSO they've always made the controllers
do on your lunch break about to go back.
Good luck guys. Thanks. Uh line stacked
up behind me last minute I was third.
Yeah, and that could happen here. It
could be like, you know, we don't have
much going on, then it's like five
minutes before store open and all of a
sudden, boom, there's just a line. That
happens sometimes. People kind of show
up at noon to get it and the line just
explodes. But I said, we've been here
since 1:30, so we had to worry about any
of it. Uh, Zotoy, will VRR work with
external TV? I heard the doc is has uh
2.0 uh 2.0 HDMI. Uh, we don't have any
clarity on it. That's just the truth. We
we've talked about it a few times on the
podcast. We just don't know. We
won't pass. Oh, there's Jake. Yep.
Definitely can hear him. Amazon is
saying their estimated delivery date for
the card is May 12th to June 5th. Yeah,
it's because it's on back
order, but you mean you'll get it before
June
5th. For me, they said my estimated
delivery was next week to the beginning
of May and then I got it last week. So,
What frustrated to me is like they
didn't charge me
until it shipped, which is just the way
Amazon is.
But do the SD cards need to be Nintendo
brand for the Switch 2? Can be any SD
Express? Any SD Express will work. Any
of them. Doesn't need to be the Samsung
Nintendo brand one.
common misconception that you have to
use the Nintendo branded ones. Nope.
They partner with Samsung. It's cool.
I think they're only offering a
256 with Samsung right now, which I it's
it's twice, you know, you're getting,
you know, double the internal memory,
but I don't think it's anything below
512 is worth it,
especially because again, backwards
compatible. You know, you can bring all
your Switch One library
over. Remember when GameStop used to
have its original name? What? No, they
bought EB Games. What was GameStop? What
was the GameStop called before? It was
called GameStop.
It had a different name. It wasn't EB
Games because they bought EB
Games. They bought EB Games. That was
not GameStop existed while EB Games did.
They bought them though. Was it game
start? Babage
there. I can't remember. Babage. Was it
Babage? Yeah. Say I know there was a
name before
it. You going to hand me the chips.
My hands. My hands are getting a little
chilly, but yeah. No, this shit's
delicious. Yeah. Apparently, I didn't
grab nearly enough. Hopefully that's
enough. Funko Land. I don't think it was
called Funko Land, was it? I mean, I'm
not googling right now, so you guys are
just like trolling me in the chat.
I don't know. I could Google it, but
like I'm usually I'm used to having like
a multimonitor set up for my streams and
I don't. So, like I have a little tiny
window with the streaming software and a
little tiny window with the chat.
Uh, Boo Many, do you think Nintendo will
have any Echoes of Wisdom amiibo? No,
I do not. I think they would have
already been out if they were going to
do
it,
unfortunately. All right.
Sounds rough.
He's been doing a lot of talking lately.
The SC cards, express cards do not need
to be Nintendo brand. No. Did my mic
die?
Is that why that question's getting
asked? No.
No, I can hear you.
Just got to make sure we're on battery
with these.
Where are we at? Mine's on to like 30%,
but that should go through hour. Oh,
yeah. I mean, you should be fine. It
should go through the next hour. Yeah.
Um I mean, worst comes to worse. I
wanted Zelda on the horse. I understand.
When is game time open? Hour. Well, 57
minutes now. Yeah.
ahead of me so I don't cut in front of
them.
Us and him for sure. No one else has
gotten out of their car. You guys been
sitting in the car. So, I just wanted to
make sure I didn't want to cut somebody
off. No, you're good. We've been here
since 1:30. So, yeah, we got we got our
So, it's us and then him, then you, and
then Yeah. Yeah. I just wanted to make
sure I didn't want to cut in front of
somebody. No, that that's good. Oh,
that's good. Yeah. I don't want to be
rude. Some people get really rude at
this kind of stuff. Yeah, I locked on
one on last night, but I'm just nervous
that they're going to cancel.
Like, it happens. Yeah, it happens. You
don't got to worry about the inerson
ones. Like, you get the in person,
you're good. Yep.
Like I was like I was on there on the
website and it kept crashing. Come on.
Come on. Don't tell me I'm waiting for
an hour. Then my wife logged in. She
goes, "It's paid for." Are you [ __ ]
kidding me? Yep. Yep. Yep. It was a [ __ ]
show last night. So, if I still get that
one, I'm not reselling it or nothing.
It's just Yeah. Yeah. My kids got one,
too. They got I got an at home and I'm
like, I like them. Yeah. They're fun.
When I saw that one, I was like, I'm
interested, but kind of not at the same
time because the whole the game thing,
I'm kind of nervous about how that's
going to work out. What thing? Uh the so
the actual physical games are just a uh
DLC code type thing. So not all of them
are like Cyber Punk's complete on cart.
Okay. Um all the none of the Nintendo
games are that way. All the Nintendo
games are on cart except for the world
the tour game which is only on the
eShop. Um
but yeah, a lot it looks like a lot of
the third parties are going with those
game key cards. Yeah, that's what I was
thought. I was like, if I'm buying I
don't want to buy a digital key card.
Yeah. I mean,
it's cool that they can be resold,
but I I want like I'm I'm buying like
Cyberpunk 2077. I'm buying it. Yeah.
Because I want to support they're like
the one that said, "No, we put the whole
game and the DLC all in cartridge. No
downloads needed." Okay, good. I want to
support it, so I'm buying it. And it's a
good game. I know it's a good game, but
like I want to support companies doing
that and I hope a lot of people do. So,
it shows that, hey, if you do this,
people will buy it and make it worth
your while to actually put it on the
card because I know digital key cards
are gonna be so popular because I don't
know for sure. So, I'm a I'm a YouTuber
and I cover Nintendo for a living. Okay,
we're live right now. Um, and when I, so
when I look at the stuff to deal with
the game key cards and all this,
everything I I'm coming to understand is
that on Switch too, Nintendo's only
offering two
uh sizes of cartridge to put your games
on. 32 gig and 64, those are both really
expensive. So like a game that is like
Bravely Default, that's a game key card.
Okay, that game might be like eight
gigabytes. Do they really want to pay
for a 32 gigabyte card for that? No, of
course they don't. It costs too much
money, eats too much into their profits.
So, it's there's a lot to consider um
with some of the So, but also they're
Square Enix, so like you could afford to
do it.
So, I I'm trying to support the ones
that aren't to try to convince people to
do it because like I'll still buy them
digitally, whatever, if I really want
the game because it's basically buying a
digital game. But but you can resell
them. But you can resell it. Funny thing
is I'm actually getting ready default
because I'm a YouTuber. So I have to
have one game key card game just so I
can like show everyone how it works and
like people are like, "Oh, you can't
resell it." Okay, watch me walk into
GameStop the day after I buy it and sell
it back to them because the key is I'm
only going to get like 10 bucks, but
whatever, right? Just to show you that
yes, you can resell it. You looking
forward to what they did with the Mario
Kart at all or Well, I love Mario Kart.
It looks incredible. I know. When I saw
that I was like sweet not just many.
Yeah. Yeah. Dude, the open world stuff
and dude the knockout tour looks
so we have a podcast. We were just
talking after the show last night like
yeah when we come on our next our show
after it launches like were we going to
start with a knockout tour and just
start even though we we show we
don't start with a big knockout tour
competition at the start because we're
so excited. I have zero. Nako Tour is so
good. And we I had some friends of mine
have gone hands-on with it at the Switch
2 experiences and they're like, dude,
this is this is incredible. It's like
the greatest thing they've done with
Mario Kart ever. I'm like, oh my god. I
know. I was kind of jealous. I was like,
I wish I was in one of those areas where
I can actually get on. Nice. Good job,
Melissa. Yeah, I would have flown out to
either of the three areas. I think was
it Dallas this weekend? It's the last
one. Um, I would have flown out to any
of them if I if I would have got in. But
yeah, it was luck of the draw and I
didn't get it. I can't complain. Things
are going well at my channel. 10 after
11 roughly. Uh, are you guys the only
ones in line? No. No. We got a couple
people. I don't force people to go come
on camera, right? Yeah. No,
but that's why the camera's focused in
here because they I we try not to put
people on camera if they don't want to
be. Yeah. But yeah. No, we're not the
only ones here. Like either I was just
talking to this guy who had some
questions.
Um, I'm kind of the guy that knows it
all. I don't know everything. Okay.
There's questions I have. That's why
like I have to buy certain things and
test certain things, right? Because
Nintendo's not answering. Napoleon Diaz,
thank you for the two euros. Uh, do you
think uh MTD Prime? Okay. Um, two to
three will be available for Prime 4. I'm
starting to think that Metroid Prime 2
and three will not be available before
Prime 4. I'm I'm starting to get that
gut feeling that, you know, maybe two
comes on NSO.
But I don't think three is going to come
out before. I could be
wrong. Who do I want the Packers to
draft tonight? I don't care because
every time I try to say who I want, they
don't do
it. So, I just don't want them to trade
their pick and just make a pick and
hopefully he's good. I've given up. Like
I used to do like mock drafts and I used
to like Eric and I used to like sit down
on draft night and like come up with
like guesses on who they're going to
pick and what they're going to do and
we're wrong every goddamn time. They
never do it and then we get really mad
at who they we don't even need that.
What are you doing? And you know what?
It's the Packers. It is what it is. Yep.
I just realize I have no control over
it. I just hope they turn out to be a
good player, right? It is what it is.
because like the things I I think we
need and the rest of the NFL thinks we
need, our team always goes, "Nah, we're
good." I don't know. Um, NOA put out a
statement on my Nintendo store invites
and pre-orders. I'm seeing people
worried, but nothing changed. It was
first come, first serve for invites to
purchase. Yeah, the warning they put out
is basically we're not It's the same
warning they did in Japan and less
words. Basically, we don't have enough
to fulfill all the people that want to.
We don't have enough to fulfill all the
pre-orders um on the My Nintendo store.
basically had too many people sign up.
So if you want it day one, they will not
have enough units to fulfill everyone
going through the my Nintendo store for
day one. It's the same warning they did
in Japan, just more generalized
statement like Japan like for a popped
off for Japan. He did like a essay and
he talked about how many people are
trying to get it to 2.2 two million and
blah blah. You know, Nintendo of
America's like,
"Yeah, look, we're not gonna have enough
either, but you
know, moving on."
Boom. Eddie is asking you how cold it
is. We actually hit 50. We hit 50. Yeah.
And with the wind, it doesn't feel like
it. With the wind, it being out feels
like 46. Of course, being out here this
whole time doesn't help. Hey, Cody. Cody
Wood, thank you for the $10. It was so
nostalgic to get my GameStop today and
see such a huge crowd of fellow gamers
so excited for the new system. Got mine
secured. However, there was about 75
others that weren't so lucky. Oh, 75
people got turned away.
That is insane. Oh.
Yeah. What I'm excited for is the
midnight
launch. Midnight launch is going to be
sweet. Yeah. I thought that was weird.
They got rid of it and then boom, it's
back again for this. Yeah. because the
demand is predicted to be off the
charts. I like even if it's 10 people
here, 20 people, if all 47 are here, I
think it's going to be sweet, man. I'm
going to I'm going to try to like Well,
one, I might ask the manager if he'll
let me stream at the store. Probably
won't. I'm sure it's going to be a no,
but I would like to I would like to come
out and like just do a big stream event
and like do like a cookout like it's uh
tailgate season. What's your YouTube
channel? I'll start following you. Uh,
Nintendo Prime. I'll let you take the
Sure. Uh, Fez, from everything I've been
hearing, the Pro Controller is worth it.
I'm bad on my own. I like watching
YouTubers talk about things so I can get
a little bit more knowledgeable about
them.
Oh, there we are live streaming right
there.
Hey, you got an ad.
Um, Cody Wman application at 80 units
available, 30 of the bases and 50 of the
Mario Kart bundles sold out in minutes.
Yeah. Yeah, I can see that. I'm curious
here. The closer we get to noon. Yeah.
How many more people? How many more
people are going to show up? Yep. Again,
this is 1:30 and there was like no one
here. Yeah. And now we have, you know,
now the line's gone. Yep.
So, I'm curious if we're going to get up
to like 20, 30, 40. Yeah. I mean, if it
gets over 50, some people get turned
away. Sucks.
I was here when the PlayStation 5 was
and then there's like a lot of people
behind us and then they're like, "Sorry,
we can't got all mad and they just stood
there." Because they're hoping that
people will step out of line or like,
"Oh, some people aren't there to
pre-order. They're just there to hang
out." Yeah.
Congrats, Brandon Peters, for securing
your pre-order.
What's the chances to cancel your Best
Buy order? I honestly don't know. Um,
but it's been known to happen. All of
the online pre-orders have been known to
have cancellations and sometimes they'll
cancel it like a month from now. So, you
think you're all good and then all of a
sudden, oh, we're getting close to
shipping time. Yeah. Sorry, we don't
have your unit canceled. Yeah.
That's why like in inerson to me has
always been the only way. I've never had
it cancel. I've never had a miss. And I
love midnight launches. No, they don't
always do them, but they're doing it for
this. So, I'm excited. This might be the
last one. I don't know if GameStop's
going to be around in 10
years. So, I'm I I am excited. I'm going
to make a big deal. I said I want to
tailgate out here till the police come
and shut it
down. Maybe they won't.
Oh, they won't bring the beer. We'll
leave the alcohol. That will definitely
get shut down.
But I'm grilling some broth. Maybe
they'll let it be. Yeah. Right. If
you're boiling it. No. No. I'll drink a
beer. I'll bring non-alcoholic beer.
Yeah. There you go. Just so they show up
to stop me from drinking. I'm like,
"Stop drinking what?" Yeah. Right. I'm
drinking disgusting water. Yeah. Right.
Um it would be funny though if they come
out thinking I'm just getting hammered
out here. It's literally just
non-alcoholic beer. Right.
[Music]
Um, you got the last Mario Kart World
bundle last night. Congrats, Lionel.
Securing a GameStop was so satisfying.
Yeah, there's something about that
inerson pre-order that just feels nice.
And you also know like every GameStop
besides like maybe certain ones in the
mall that can't get permission are doing
midnight launches. So, you know, you
know, you don't have to go and camp out
at midnight launch. Like, yeah, I'll
probably be at the midnight launch like
four hours early because we're going to
make a big stream and a big celebration
out of it. It's gonna be sick.
I'm g do some giveaways. [ __ ] it. Maybe
that's when I do the live
giveaway. That would be sick. That'd be
interesting to do with them. Yeah.
Anyways, do you do a giveaway? Maybe
maybe you know maybe I'm crazy son of a
[ __ ] and I start getting extra Pro
Controller orders in over the next
month. Give away some of those. Be sick.
Oh, hit the 45 minute mark.
Yeah. Oh, we need to probably start the
car again. Oh, no. We're at 64. When we
get to
50, what would I said when it gets to
50? We got to start the car. Oh, yeah.
Yeah. And I did hit subscribe on this
channel. Nice. Oh, thanks, man.
Did I hit 145 yet? I'm I know I'm close.
See? Oh, come on, guys. I'm 22
subscribers away. Make it happen while
we're live. Huh? Watch it drop. 146.
Sorry, I'm already at 145. 146. It's at
146,000. Come on. Watch it drop just to
f with you. Need to subscribe.
Um, it's first time I've asked and I've
been streaming for like since 6 a.m.
Yeah. Well, minus the one little hiccup.
Mus the hiccup where we had to figure
out the charging of the laptop. MP on
the window. Are you talking about Donkey
Kong? Yeah. Okay.
Okay, come.
Wish that was a launch game, right?
Madden's a key card game. That doesn't
surprise me, right? It's a yearly
franchise game. It doesn't have much
value as a physical game either way. And
it's also EA.
Yeah. I mean, why even mention what the
game is? Just mention the company. Yeah.
I don't think EA is going to do anything
with Game Gear cards. Yeah. Yeah.
They are cheap mofos.
Bro is still screaming into the mic.
Who's screaming?
If I I'm literally watching. If I don't
hold it here, it people [ __ ] that I'm
I'm quiet. So, well, I did turn it up.
So, you're probably fine now if you've
clipped it.
And honestly, you're the only person
that has ever said anything.
People just like to be dicks sometimes.
I mean, there is that.
Um, you sound fine. Yeah, I was going to
say I'm watching it. I I see the audio.
We're not peeking like crazy. We're not
yelling. Even when I get loud, it's it's
fine. There's a limiter on, so I'm not
saying that it can't get distorted if I
go too crazy, but yeah,
I think these mics actually I mean,
how's the audio been, guys? We haven't
really used these mics in a live stream
before and I've had them for a couple
years. This is exactly why we had them
is for stuff like this or for like at
packs or whatever. So I just wondering
how the quality is because I haven't
listened to any of it.
Calm down, Eric.
Thanks, N.
Secured your console, Mario Kart World,
and both Zelda and Pro Controller
camera. Damn. $917.
Yeah. Yep. Sounds about right. What? You
just dropped $917. No. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yep. Little bro, we're not
brothers. You are younger than me
though. Barely. You are younger.
He was a grade below me,
right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You were grade
below. That's right. I got to go an
extra year to high school football games
and pretend I was still in high school.
Yeah. Well, I wasn't. And it wasn't even
my high school. Right.
What car is it? This is the wireless
um road go pros or whatever.
I feel too many acronyms.
Yeah. No, no, you're No, it's the road
wireless go-tos. Yeah. Yeah. Not pro.
Pro's not today, but anyways.
Yeah. Not bad. We got the wind guards
on. It's windy out.
And they have they claim 12 hours of
battery in these conditions when it's
cold. You know, it's going to make it
the whole stream. So, you guys have an
awesome job. This is my job. He's just
the best friend along for the
ride. He does the podcast, though. He
does help co-host the podcast.
which has officially made its first
$100. Yay. Yay. And that's why it
disabled the monetization because it
couldn't find a way to pay it out. Yay.
Then it's like, who the hell are you?
Yay.
See you later, Alyssa.
Thanks for the updates on everything,
too.
No, I'll be done with the chips after
this. I grabbed too many this time.
Chips and chips and queso right now.
Uh, do you happen to get two Mario Kart
two bundles yesterday? One at Target and
one at Walmart. So good. Hope you guys
get it. Well, we'll get it. We're first
in line. This ain't going to be a
problem. We got this on
lockdown. I mean, I don't know if we
both want all the Zelda amiibo. They
might not They might not have enough for
more than one. Well, they might not have
They might not have Yobu. Yobu is the
one I'm scared about right now. Please
have it because that's I don't want to
have to
[ __ ] I don't want to have to I'm not
gonna buy it from a scalper, but I don't
want to have to like destroy websites
every day. Hey gamer. Hey gamers here.
How's it going, man? How you doing?
How's everyone feeling today? I actually
feel great. Yeah, it's going to be
dinner time that I'm not going to feel
good. I haven't slept yet pretty
much. Um podcast is so good. Thanks for
having me. Oh, our most recent episodes
blowing up. Might even be at 10,000. Uh,
Cody Woodburn, I was stressed about
getting my
system at launch because, you know, when
them tariffs hit and the supply runs
out, uh, new ones will be more expensive
probably. I don't know that for sure,
obviously. Um, because, uh, they're in a
different country. But, uh, you know
what? We just hit the streak, baby.
We're going
streaking. How you guys doing? Thank
you. 155. I don't have sound effects or
stream decks to hit, but hey, we're
going streaking. Thank you guys so much
for that. We'll go ahead and add two to
the streak. No, I don't have a beer to
chug, and I'm in public anyways. I don't
need a chug some cheese. Don't need just
chug some cheese. But, uh, chug the
queso. Hey, we got the 415 on the
streak. We're on our way to 500 on the
streak. so then we can uh do some more
giveaways.
Um, thank you so much for that $10. Make
you holla. Uh, Dwayne Davis, what's up,
buddy? What's up? Uh, what's up? What's
up? What's up? The sky. I see a little
bit of blue through the clouds. Kind of.
Yeah.
Uh, Kell says, "Uh, how much time do you
guys have till open?" Uh, 30 minutes.
Yeah. 38 minutes. Yeah.
Top. Unless he opens early, but I who
knows. Um, I got the three I needed for
me, my partner, and my brother. Hell
yeah. Nice. But I like to see people
even getting it for
family, but I thought I thought no one
would ever buy it for kids and other
guess what
maybe the haters on the internet don't
know what they're talking about. Um,
doesn't mean that things aren't a little
expensive. They are. Absolutely. Of
course, everything
is. I don't want to talk about my
electric bill. It's twice as expensive
as it was a year ago and nothing changed
in my house. Yeah. Thanks. Thanks.
That's the thing. I'm You guys are Oh,
the $80 game mother. I wish my electric
bill was 450 a
month. Like at one point it was
significantly less than
that.
Um just the bundle and pro controller.
The games aren't going anywhere. Yeah, I
mean the games will be there. Games will
absolutely be like if you don't get if
the all the physical games sell out,
guys, and you can't get a day one, like
the games will they'll come back.
They're they're going to restock the
physical games.
Um, are you guys in line from today to
June 5th? No, no, no. Oh,
god. No, no, no, no. Uh, I have a
family. I can't do stuff like that, but
I can do things like come out here at
midnight and and and camp out for a bit.
I can do things like show up like four
or five hours early for midnight launch.
I can't I can't do the whole Some people
do crazy thing like there's a person
waiting uh right now at uh Nintendo
Seattle which the store hasn't even
opened yet. It opens on May 15th and
they're there for launch and they're
already out there and they're going to
be so they're going to be out there for
like months. I
no I'd have to go back to being single
and not having kids. In fact, if I tried
to do that, I will immediately be single
and my children will no longer live with
me.
If I had to do that, you would become
what you would need to be. Become what I
need to be. The prophecy is for I was I
was hoping once the kids at the school,
but then there was an incident with my
daughter this morning. So, I was hoping
when they went to school that maybe
Julia would come on. Oh, she tried
calling me. No, hold on. I have to take
this off and go take go call her. Uh, so
you're saying I got to entertain Chad?
Yes, it's up to you, Eric. Oh, damn it.
Love y'all. What am I paying you? Yeah,
way up to right. What are you talking
about? I'm paying
you. Oh
yeah. Oh lord.
Noodles. Oh
boy. Yep. 36 minutes. Yep. That's where
we're at.
You were at your GameStop at 8 800 PM
last night. Nice.
My time to shine. Oh
boy, that's a scary thought. I'm
surprised stream hasn't froze
yet. Fifth in line. Very
nice story time. Oh
god, I don't have any
stories.
No, Mr. Peanut. No, no,
we're This is not my first time camping
out. I'm excited though.
Boo many. Yeah, I I don't know. I I'm
not doing I I don't know how much about
the Acarina Time remake. I It doesn't
matter to me. I'm probably not going to
play it. So, I mean, Andre always does
make a compelling argument, though. So,
for the PS5 here,
Gaming Luminary camped out since 7 a.m.
Nice. Yeah, we were here since 1:30 a.m.
Yeah. Yeah,
I know people.
You know people I know people that have
been camping out since 700 p.m.
yesterday. Yeah. Yep. That's what one
person in chat. No answer on the phone
call. So, it is what it is. Well, I will
what I will do is I'll turn off my do
not disturb. No, there's nothing. Oh,
don't you mean at school? It was well
before school even. Really?
I'll turn my ringer on. She calls me
back. Well, I don't care.
I texted her, too. A little force. I
don't We're We're here.
it. Yeah, I don't care.
Yeah, I don't even know if I'm getting a
video out today. I have plenty to make a
video on today, guys. Yeah, you do. It's
a lot. But I I don't know. Especially if
my daughter is actually at home when I
get home. There's going to be some uh
Where did Ned Susen go? Got to be a dad.
Sakarai was able to get a switch to from
the lottery. He tweeted Nancy. Sacharai
was able to get a switch to from the
lottery. He tweeted, "Good for Sakarai,
man." Nice.
First
game play micro SD card. Oh, Express is
12104 on Amazon. That doesn't sound
right.
Got to be a little careful. You got to
double check your cards. Yep. Cuz I'll
tell you right now, I can go to my
orders because I ordered one and I can
immediately go to the the actual XD
Express one. All
right. So, the one tab
Lexar is That's insane, Michael. Out of
stock. Nice. So, I don't know where
you're seeing that price. They literally
don't have any stock. It's out of stock.
You cannot buy it on Amazon in the US.
Anyways, if you're in a different
territory, I can't know. But in the US,
it's literally out of
stock. So, there's not even a price
listed. They're sold out.
Um, Sakurai in the lottery. That's the
most Japanese thing I've heard this
month. You know what's crazy? If Mazi
Hero Sakurai is in the lottery,
he's making a game that's releasing this
year on Switch 2. Kirby Air Riders.
Yeah. How does he not have a Switch 2?
Because he wants to retail one. He's got
a dev unit. He wants a retail. I get it.
Why would he need to Why can't he just
like literally call for a Cababa and
just be like, "Dude, you just like get
me when I'm literally making this in
Smash Bros." Right.
That's hilarious.
And he's a gamer, man. He plays a lot of
games. You guys ever go look at the
stuff in the video where he showed off
his game collection and and his dude,
he's got an insane setup with like every
system ever made. That's never a good
sign. Imagine seeing store doesn't have
their quantity posted on the door. Uh
oh,
it's never a good sign. We have
two.
Um, imagine if you can't get
one. If I can't get one, that's not a
problem. I already have four pre-ordered
online. We're just giving them away to
you guys. Yeah, it's Those are the
giveaway ones. Those are the giveaway
ones. We're here. Yeah. Getting ours.
Yeah. Midnight launch, baby. Can't say
you don't come first, chat. Yeah, you
definitely can't say that. We could have
been here sooner. We could have maybe
got a little sleep. Said we stayed like
two hours at my house getting online
pre-orders in for giveaways. Um, and
just in case if we got here and there
was like a line of like a hundred
people. I didn't think there would be,
but you know, just in case.
Um, people buy express cards, make sure
the EX on the card, otherwise it's not
express card. The biggest thing is to
check check the uh It's the speeds.
Anything that's 600 megabytes per second
or higher is an express card because the
other cards literally can't be that
fast. Now, you want really the
900 that that those are the good ones,
but
um yeah, you got to be a little careful
because there are EX on non-express
cards. Uh they have used so many
different branding on the on the micro
SD cards, Pro, EX. Um they've even used
the word express when it it gets
confusing.
Um, Ludo the great the Alexa ter here is
in stock for 189 yesterday for a bit. I
got one but they were so like it. Yeah,
they're selling like crazy because
there's not a lot of companies making
the one tabyte right now. So like that's
a really high demand one because games
are bigger
installs and like we already we've
already heard about the sellouts in all
the other countries. Like express cards
are going like crazy right now.
I always read your messages wrong. I
mean, I'm just reading what you write.
What's the beef between Amazon and
Nintendo? I don't know. Talk to Amazon
and Nintendo about it. Didn't Amazon
like go early with some of this stuff? I
have no idea. Stupidly. Maybe Jeff Bezos
and Doug Bowser got in a room. They
fought it out and it was a draw. So,
nobody wins. Maybe because Amazon's
doing pre-orders in like every other
country but the US. So, like there's
clearly something going on between NOA
and Amazon. I I don't know what's going
on. Not open yet. Oh, dollar store isn't
open yet. This is not the dollar store.
Dollar store down there. Yep. No
problem. All right. It's Ninja. Uh, just
got my Switch shoe from London Drugs.
Nice.
I don't live in Canada, but I'm glad
that's a Canada retailer because I hear
London Drugs. I'm like, wait a second. I
wouldn't think of drugstores where
Anyways, I wanted the physical Mario
Kart anyways. So, I'm set going to go
buy them separately. Cool. That's
awesome. Congrats. It's Ninja.
Yo, bot related. Yeah, that uh some have
XC or VC, but EX is for express cards
only. Cool.
Goat.
Um, are you the only guys there? No,
there's there's people here. We got a
little bit of a line. There like five
other people or four other people behind
us.
It's growing. Closer we get to noon, the
more it's probably going to grow. Yeah.
Um,
you just got your pre-orders. Super
pumped.
Heck yeah.
Best place to buy SD cards. I mean, I
got mine on Amazon. So did I. Yep.
Not like an SD card expert over here. I
think GameStop has them. Cody Woodburn,
is Braault a huge franchise? My GameStop
wouldn't pre-order them because of stock
levels being too low, they
said. Um, it's not like massive, but it
was exclusive, I think, on DS or 3DS for
a bit. Um, there's Brave Default one and
two. Uh, might be another one, too. I
can't remember. Um, it's it's decently
popular with Nintendo fans. I wouldn't
say it's like a huge franchise, but I I
think the thing is it's not about it
being huge, it's that there's limited
quantities of the physical stuff. And
that one's a game key card, and there's
still limited quantities. So, uh if you
paid attention to my channel, we talked
about a story uh last week about how
yeah, there will be a lot of stock
switch too, but like the physical game
cards, even the game key cards and the
accessories are going to be extremely
limited. and that you're just proving an
example that like yeah, Brav default a
even as a game key card is extremely
limited.
Gand 5 wants to say hi to yellow shirt
guy.
There you go. His name's Chuck. Now you
guys know. Am I excited to try the $10
tech demo? I don't know. Excited is the
word I would use, but I'm I'm curious.
I'll end up getting it because I always
get like if I get Nintendo system at
launch, I always get their published
launch games. Yeah. So, I'll get it.
It's only $10, but should be packed in.
Should absolutely be packed in.
Uh they are selling Street Fighter 6
without the DLC for $39.99. I didn't
know they would do that. Good. Uh for
people who don't want to spend $59.9 Oh,
they they're selling it without, too.
Interesting. I thought they were only
selling it with. Well, interesting.
Interesting.
I thought. Okay, cool. Yeah, there's a
whole bunch of stuff people are finding
out now that like you you can actually
pre-order and buy things.
Cool. A GameStop Express micro uh card
uh speed is 800 megabytes per second. Is
this a good one for 256? Yeah, it's not
a bad one. Um it's not the max speed
like the 900s are are are the best ones,
but 800 is pretty good, but theirs are
also cheaper because they're at 800
instead of 900. Um, they are made by
SanDisk. So, they're GameStop branded,
but they're made by SanDisk. So, so
Sandis is a pretty decent. So, it's it's
a reputable company. It's not like, you
know, GameStop went out and grabbed Mad
Cats. Yeah. Mad Cats company and
rebranded it or something, right? Yeah.
You don't want Mad Cats memory cards. I
don't think they make them anymore.
That's how bad their got. Any
suggestions to get pre-order since we
got kicked last night on the sites and I
can't be at a GameStop when they open
today?
Um well, one uh when when you are able
to go to a GameStop uh today uh that
first in case they still have
pre-orders, you don't know. You can call
ahead of time, see if they still have
some available.
Uh it's 33.
Yeah. Yeah. We're all We're all good for
the bundle. Yeah. Um
130
That's what I was gonna do.
Yeah. Um,
let's see here. Um, want to go turn the
car on. Oh, I Oh, Yep. Yeah, we're at
46.
Get us back going.
Um, all right. Let's see here.
Okay. Okay. So, so suggest So, first
suggestion is obviously when you
whenever you can go to a GameStop today,
call and see if they still have some cuz
they still might. Um, if that doesn't
work, uh, follow Jake Randall. There
could be more pre-order waves coming.
Obviously, there's still the Nintendo
waves as well from the My Nintendo
store. And then, uh, outside of that,
worst case scenario, Walmarts will have
a handful of units day one that weren't
pre-ordered that you could just walk in
and buy. So you might have to camp out
at a Walmart on launch night or you know
so that that is a possibility as well if
you absolutely want to have a day one or
you can just accept you're not going to
get a day one and get it later but
good. How are you?
All right let's see here guys. Uh Gandon
5. I got my Switch 2 pre-order uh online
at Best Buy yesterday. So hyped it was
shockingly clean up the extra stuff.
Sure. I got super lucky and wasn't even
redirected to the line. Cool.
Small town Walmart is what I do if no
luck on Yeah. Yeah. Smaller town
Walmarts are usually your better. I
mean, they're only going to have like
two or three units, but still there's
not a lot of people going to wait. Like,
you could probably even wait until like,
you know, if your Walmart opens at what
8 a.m., you could probably go at like
4:00 a.m. and get one because there, you
know, it's a small town. There's not
going to be a lot of people trying to
fight to get it. But you don't want to
wait till like right when it opens
because there might be enough people
that show up at opening that you won't
get it.
[Music]
Um, this thing is everything even.
Chuck, you guys are
funny. How's the line? We got I don't
know one including us. One, two, three,
four, five, six, seven. So, will more
show up in 10 15 minutes? I have no
idea. What am I going to say? They say
done.
And you're trying to grab this. Oh, the
chair. Sure. No. Yeah, that's fine. No,
that's fine. We don't need I'm not
sleeping anymore or attempting to sleep.
Put my blanket in there, too. I don't
need it either.
You're trying to make it easy so we just
shove [ __ ] in and get out. Or at least
shove [ __ ] in and get in the store.
Pretty much. It's fine.
But, you know, I feel like guys, I have
to get the official Switch 2 case
because do you guys remember what the
special Switch case was at launch? This
bad boy, remember that? The collector's
edition, the masters edition of Breath
of the Wild came with this case at
launch for Switch. So, part of me feels
like I have to get the Switch 2 case at
launch now to keep tradition, the
official Nintendo Switch 2 case since
they don't have a themed one.
There's my my Zelda edition.
Um,
put this in my
bag. Let's see here.
Madden is on the key card. Yeah, that
doesn't Yeah, I know. Yeah, EA doing key
cards is I kind of expected it. I kind
of expected it.
I haven't bought Madden physically in a
lot of years anyways because it's worth
so little. By the time I'm done playing
it, we're already almost announcing the
new one and it's like it's just there's
no resale value. So, it's whatever.
Will I get a game key card? Maybe. Maybe
I share with Eric. I don't know. Maybe
he gets his own. Espec I'll tell you
this. If NCAA is coming to Switch 2 and
it has the ability to import rosters
into Madden, Eric will get both. That's
that's our jam with those games.
Importing rosters and
you know we have a garbage can, right? A
garbage bag. So you know the garbage bag
so we don't risk getting cheese on
stuff. I know. Okay. Grab another uh Did
you heard that Split Fiction is 79 gigs?
Yeah, I heard.
And I'm still buying it. Am I trading
any switches? Nope. I only have one.
It's my collector's edition. We're not
I'm going to trade that
in. Um, it's your first console ever
pre-ordered, and I had a pretty easy and
quick time, but I've heard others having
a ton of trouble. Do you think this has
been an easy or hard pre-order cycle?
This has been the easiest pre-order
cycle I have seen in my life.
Yeah, I've done a lot of launches.
It's always a [ __ ] show. And yeah, while
we could talk about their the issues,
like I've already seen people like
videos like, "Oh my god, this was like
impossible. This is I've seen like
really big YouTubers like beat him ups
and RGC85 like bitching about the pre."
I'm like, "Guys, you guys, how many
consoles have you pre-ordered? This is
one of the easiest times. We have four
already and we're about to give five and
six. you're just not as dedicated to it.
This is literally the easiest time I've
had pre-ordering ever. There is so much
stock of Switch 2. It's
insane. It's insane. Like, this is this
is not that complicated. You
know, I'm not saying that it wasn't hard
for some people, but because some people
weren't weren't doing all the methods.
I've done this so much. I know all the
methods. You know, follow Jake Randall,
man. Jake Randle helped a huge chunk of
people get Switch to over the last 24
hours.
He's where I learned everything from.
This was way easier than the PS5, way
easier than the Series X, way easier
than the Switch, way easier than the
3DS. Like, this was significantly
easier. All those other times you
couldn't really get the system past the
first three minutes of it being
available pre-order. I got through the
Walmart queue an hour and a half later.
That like was never a thing.
So, like this was it wasn't that bad.
And and GameStops have so many units.
Like they have 47 here and we got like
what seven or eight people here. Like,
you know, I'm not saying there won't be
more than 10 minutes. There could be,
but the point is like I don't think
they're going to sell out right away. I
might sell out by the end of the day.
But for fun, I've just been reporting
eBay scalpers gotten 20 taken down and
it seems like the scalpers aren't doing
well because there's just so much stock.
Yeah, there is. There's just a lot of
stock. This is what Furkawa promised. He
delivered. Yeah, Target fully, but
Target was a [ __ ] show. Yeah, I can't I
can't excuse Target. Target was a [ __ ]
show.
Um, no, no, no. When we could just walk
into a store and pre-order, that was
easy.
Um, so back in like the 90s and and
early 2000s when everything was like in
store and there was very little
online, it's easy and it's not
easy. I think in person's always
easier. But when you would go and they'd
only have like five
units, that's when you started having to
camp sometimes like days
beforehand. And that wasn't fun. I like
mine camping out like a day, but when
you're doing it like two, three days in
a row because you're only going to have
five units, that's that was that was not
fun. That's not fun. I I totally
disagree. I do think inerson pre-orders
are better. But when you only have like
five units, that is not
fun. And for Jacob to stream for the
entire stream, uh took me 45 minutes to
queue at Walmart, uh and almost two
hours at Best Buy, but got my units
ordered. Yeah. Yeah. Jake Randall is I
literally learned everything I know
about getting pre-orders in from Jake.
He He's He's given all the tips because
he knew, you know, I'm gonna be doing
the podcast, doing other stuff. I'm not
going to be able to watch his stuff. Um,
everything I learned was from him. He's
on our podcast. He's on our He's coming
on our podcast next week. Our next
one. I've got two pre-orders. How long
should I wait to cancel one? Uh, until
about two weeks before it comes out
because there's a potential of them.
Well, you want to do two weeks in case
it's a longer shipping period. So they
ship it at the, you know, that week. But
yeah, you want to do about two weeks
before it comes out in case they get
cancelled because they could get
cancelled. You're like, I don't have my
mic.
Uh, let's see here.
Also, double check your uh dates cuz
some of them are some of them are not
launch launch days. So just double check
your dates just to make sure that you
know you're getting pissed. Yeah, that
too. Some are not launching.
We might be going.
All right. The flyers.
Well, that's why we're here first.
1:30 a.m., baby.
Okay. There's the checklist. Yep.
That's fine.
Yeah. You can just look at mine.
Damn it. No Yobu amiibo.
It's like nobody have it.
It's basically the same one that we saw
that one person post. Yeah,
they do. They do have Bravely
Default. Guardians of Isuma. Oh yeah,
Rune Factory. I think that's the one
that works in both Switchers Switch,
too.
So, well, they have the Pro Controller,
the
camera case. Do I want any of these
GameStop
bundles? You want
Oh yeah, I'll I'll check. Make it easy.
Whatever.
All right.
Um, they're not doing any cyber punk
today. Okay.
Pro
controller
camera. I'll put the carry case on.
Um charging grip. Uh the screen
protector. Do you know is that a
tempered glass or a plastic one?
Okay. So, I'll take the
risk. Oh, the amiibo. I mean,
literally, I don't care what the Street
Fighter won,
though. Okay. I think that's everything
at least they have here that I want
because I got the I got the bundle
the pro controller
carry case. Yeah. And
then I got mine filled out.
All right.
Cool. Cool. All right. Um, we had a $5
super chat from
Brian. What's up, buddy? I got my
GameStop inerson order and wallet
online. What are the wife? Hyped.
There you go. How many people are online
with you guys? I don't know. Same about
seven, eight, nine. I don't know. You
guys want me to count like every 3
seconds? Yep. It's not open yet. It's
still 12 minutes. Uh, 26 minutes after
midnight, Target was shipped to home on
June 11th. Good enough for now. No free
shack for the first one. Oh, no free
snack. No, I didn't ask them for a free
snack for being first.
Um, they're not asking for a signature.
They They were saying to make things
quicker, like if especially if you're
pre-ordering like a lot of stuff to like
mark the checklist. So, I marked the
checklist so he can just like go down
and like hit it in the system. Yeah. To
make it quicker.
Yeah.
Yeah. I don't think I care about any of
their bundles. Yeah,
as I say that, the more I look at the
checklist, the more it makes me want to
buy more stuff.
Yeah. Am I gonna
I didn't
look When's the Mario Party one come
out?
I mean, I'm just gonna I already have
the game. I'll just get it up.
Look.
I don't know. Probably not.
What's the Luxe gaming
case? I don't know what that
is. Oh, I see it.
Okay. Just looking at the GameStop stuff
here.
So, I'm gonna have to go online to get
some of the other pre-orders I want.
Like, uh, Cyberpunk and stuff.
I'm surprised they don't have it
available pre-order.
It's okay. It's
okay. All right. Um, I didn't see Cyber
77. Yeah. Yeah. I don't Cyber Punk's not
on here. I the the list right here,
guys. It's It's It's literally not on
there. That means I'm have to fight for
it online. That
sucks.
Um, let's see
here. Why do you think uh most of the
lines according to other people as well
are not even full to take every Switch
bundle they have? Because there's a lot
of stock.
We just heard someone super chat in
earlier that 75 people got turned away.
So like that's the thing. Some that
tells me that like certain stores the
stock isn't allocated correctly. If that
store is 75 short, that means they gave
other stores too many and that store
should have more. It is what it is. You
know, GameStop does their best to kind
of figure out what stores need what kind
of stock.
So done driving for now. We're going
straight in. Yeah, we already know what
streaking.
from the quad to the
gym.
Um, the one game is actually physical
they don't have. Yeah. So, Bravely
Default Tears of the Kingdom is
technically physical, but
yeah, Brian C, thank you so much. I got
Cyberpunk. It's not limited quantities.
Cool. So, I can get Cyber Punk
online. Cool. I'm g have to order it
online then because they don't have it
here in the
store. Weird they don't have it in
store, but that's all
right. I'll order online. It could just
arrive at my house on launch
day. It's not like I have to have it
like right away on launch day. It's
okay. I'm not gonna have time to play
everything on launch day because I don't
even have some Well, some of the games
are digital only the ones I want to get.
So, that doesn't matter as much. So,
there's only two games I'm actually
getting here with the pre Well, three
including Mario
Kart because like they have the upcoming
games as well, the post launch, but I
might not come to this GameStop for
those. So,
the only ones I know I'm going to be
coming back here specifically for
and the Zelda amibo. All right. Um, Cody
Woodborn, Bradley Default was listed on
our pre-order sheet today, but they
wouldn't sell it. I guess uh that one's
very limited. Yeah, we'll see when I get
in there. We'll see when I get in there
if they're willing to sell it to me or
not.
Hey,und,400 people here. Thank you guys.
I mean, we're getting there. We're
minutes away from being able to walk
into there and take care of business.
It'll be fine. Yeah, we might have to
take stuff out and put it in because it
was in before all that stuff. But it's
fine. I'm not worried about jacking the
table over in there.
Literally, we just shove trunk push to
the edge. It'll be fine.
You can put my chair away.
Yeah, that's fine. I'll stand. I can
move the camera angle up.
Well,
I I'll be
fine. All right, guys.
Aaron, thanks for the $5. My game stop
at 120 units, 80 Mario Kart, 40 regular.
South Carolina has a lot. South Oh,
cool. That's awesome.
That's awesome, guys. Ask Chuck. What am
I What do you guys want me to ask Chuck?
He's still right next to
me. You got a question? I can I can hand
the mic to him.
[Music]
Now there's Chuck if you guys got a
question.
All right, here we go.
Are you getting the bundle or the normal
edition? The bundle version. Bundle
version. There we go.
What's the meaning of life? 42. 42. Yes.
Oh, someone knows it. See, Chuck, we
love you. We love you. Thanks. They love
meeting new people. It's one of the one
of the fun things about doing this is
meeting new people. Truth be told, I'm
actually gonna be waiting for like the
Pokemon edition.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Hopefully next year. It'
be nice. Yeah. But the reason why I'm
getting the bundle is I'm actually
getting it for my friend. Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Oh, that's nice of you.
Oh, that's nice of you. Hold on, Chuck.
You need to tell them into the mic what
you're doing. This is incredible. So,
why are you getting this bundle? Oh, I'm
getting this bundle bundle because uh my
friend Xavier is uh having a bit of
money problem and I wanted to get him a
Switch and I figure like in a couple
years or so they'll make a gen Gen 10
Pokemon Switch 2 edition and I'm going
to get that instead for myself. But for
the Maya one, I'm going to get it for my
friend Xavier.
Look at that. What a nice guy helping
out a friend. That is Wow. It's
touching Santa Chuck. There you go.
See, I'm not the only one giving away.
He's He's like, "Hey, my friend's got
money trouble." I got you.
Um,
that's generally awesome. Chuck's
wholesome. Yep.
Chuck is
goated. So guys, what I'm gonna tell you
is gonna happen is I can't go into the
store with this stuff. So, uh, you're
gonna get in the dark for a moment.
you're gonna be trapped in our trunk and
then I'll come out and I'll go over what
I got with you guys and then that'll be
probably how how the stream ends because
we got to drive a long ways to get back
to where we go. Um,
apparently Eric, I abuse you and make
you work.
He's like He's like, "Sure,
I abuse him." Guys, I have a massive
hernia. I'm supposed to lift stuff.
Um, not good. It's not even It's not
even charging.
Well, it'll last until the 27%.
Yeah, you're going to make me have to
clean up a mess when I get home.
Um,
Eric deserves a raise. Well, he
technically everyone on the Nintend
podcast is now a paid
member. All the hosts, the money's being
banked. Yeah. No cameras and stuff.
Yeah.
Uh, I'm so glad you guys camped. It's
cool to watch. Go back. Go. You want
wide receiver Matthew Golden. Okay.
Treat that hernia. I It is I have I am
on weight loss medication and I have to
lose a certain amount of weight before
they'll treat it. So,
um switch after I graduate.
Cool. Uh why speedruns using Japanese
versions of Legend of Zelda time? I'm
just asking. I think there's like a
faster load faster load times or
something. I can't remember. There
there's something about it. I never got
into speedrunning, but I know there was
I covered it in the past. There's some
something some sort of trick or load
thing that's just quicker than the
Japanese
one. Can you actually use any camera for
such any webcam that's USB?
Yep. Just ready to It's like a seconds
away, but the gate is
shut. But the next time it opens, it's
go time.
You could if you you could probably lift
the legs up because they might not fit
in there with the legs.
Yeah. Camera's going to be shaky.
Yep. Oh, here we go. All right.
Shrunking.
All right, guys. I will see you in a
moment.
In the trunk. In the trunk.
All right, guys. Can you hear me? Test.
Test. All right,
so
Eric didn't know how to shrink that
down. Oh my
gosh. All right, I'm trying to get the
camera, guys. Just give me a
second. All right.
All right, this is pretty messed up. Hi,
guys. All right, so my receipt was lost
to all this. Probably
not. So guys, here's what we got. Here's
we got locked down. What? Yeah. Hold on.
You don't want to whip it out in the
middle of
So here's what we got locked down.
Here's what I'm getting day one from
GameStop. I'm going to have to get some
of this stuff online because they don't
have everything. But I got the Mario
Kart World bundle. I got the Nintendo
Switch 2 camera, Zelda Tears of the
Kingdom because I need a I need a Switch
2 edition game for testing. Um, I got
the Tullen amiibo, the Rejo amiibo, the
Siden amiibo, no
Yubo. I know to find out why we can't
get that one. Uh, Pro Controller, the
official Switch 2 carry case, the
Troycon charging grip, and tempered
glass screen protector just so I don't
have to [ __ ] worry about it. So,
that's all I was able to
get. Let's take it for a drill. Last
about to die. So, thank you guys so much
for tuning in and joining me on this
journey. Uh, next time we do a stream
like this will be June 4th because we
get to pick it up at 11:00 p.m. Can
confirm it is launching at midnight
Eastern. So, that's fun. Catch you guys
later. Bye. Have a good one. You, too,
buddy.