hello everybody and welcome back to
another slip on switch video with the
with the release of the switch 2 swiftly
approaching I thought it would be fun to
make a series of videos going through
all the incredible games that Nintendo
has given us from first party releases
to third party games that Nintendo
published in North America to first
party IP that intendo let third party
developers give us amazing experiences
for the switch really has an incredible
Library I'll be making a series of
videos going through all these Year bye
this intro will be the same for all of
them so if you've already seen it you
can skip ahead or you can watch it again
and each video will be linked in the
description below so subscribe ring the
bell for notification on future videos
and let's get started I will be focusing
only on the
games
steelbooks and The Collector editions
while I do have a lot of amazing
merchandise from a lot of incredible
sources I'll be only focusing on said
products so let's get started
hello everybody and welcome back to year
2 of my Nintendo switch first party
releases retrospective year 2 2018 was
the biggest year when it came to
releases with 20 games released during
the year and a wide variety of ports new
games thirdparty games that were
published by Nintendo for switch and
some interesting experiences that may or
may not have turned out well so let's
get started with the first game
Dragon Quest Builders This One released
on February 9th now Dragon Quest
Builders is the first game that is a
square enex IP that was published by
Nintendo for switch there's a couple of
these games that throughout the release
lifespan of the switch some of them like
Dragon Quest Builders released first on
other systems and then was ported to the
switch and some of them were switch
exclusives at first and I will talk
about those then so dragon Quest
Builders I did not actually play any
games from the Dragon Quest series but
I've always been interested in it and I
decided to try this out a little bit but
I'm not really big into the like
building genre but as I mentioned in my
previous video prior to the switch I did
not play a lot of different games and a
lot of different genre so I was always
excited to try out new things so I did
try this one a bit but ultimately I
didn't really stick around with it I
wasn't really feeling it so I didn't
really play much but if you played this
one let me know in the comments what you
think of it and now let's move on to the
next game
bonetta 2 released February 16th for the
Nintendo switch
and in the US and Europe it released as
a double pack with Bayonetta 2 on the
cartridge and Bayonetta 1 as a download
code in Japan there was a collector
edition called the climax Edition that
included a Bayonetta one on a cartridge
the cartri is exclusive to that addition
and very hard to get and I unfortunately
did not succeed in getting that
myself fortunately for all of us Baya 1
did get a physical release a couple
years later so I will be talking about
Bayonetta 1 since I'm doing this by us
releases release dates I will be talking
about Bayonetta 1 in that video so for
this I'll just be talking about
Bayonetta 2 now before I talk about that
while I did not get the climax Edition I
did manage to get the steelbook for the
game that was included in the climax
Edition so it's double-sided we got
bonetto 2 on one side and bayoneta one
on on the other
side and the spine says banetta now this
is the steelbook that came included in
the Japanese climax Edition there was
also a collector edition in Europe that
included just the game and the download
code version that had the same steelbook
just with English text instead of
Japanese text and one difference for
that steelbook was let me just get this
out of the
plastic was the Japanese steelbook has
two cartridge
slots while the European Steel book only
has one cartridge slot I only have the
Japanese version
though the North America did not get a
collector edition for the game
unfortunately now Bayonetta 2 let's talk
about it a little bit I did not play the
bayetta franchise prior to this release
and I did play the first one before I
played number two but I'm only going to
be talking about two now I really I did
I I quite enjoyed this game it's really
fun um action combat game
interesting story I didn't love the
story in this one so much but I did have
a lot of fun just beating up demons and
angels and all the enemies and seeing
all the demon forms and Bayonetta here I
love the style and the music of the
Bayonetta series it's just really fun
witchy campiness and it just really fun
I I really enjoyed this um the um this
game it was fun maybe one day I'll play
it again but it didn't like stand out to
me as an amazing game but I did enjoy
eny it the story though was decent
enough I guess I don't I don't really
like remember enjoying it all that much
but I did enjoy playing through it
really fun game good action and really
fun Style just the stylization just made
me love it and the music and the humor I
just really it's it's a cool franchise
and it's really nice that Nintendo I
mean this is technically a Sega IP but
Nintendo took it over um the publishing
writes from bayetta 2 onward
so technically now I guess it's a b it's
a Nintendo series even though it's a
Sega IP all right next up on March 16th
we got Kirby star allies this is the
first oh I forgot to mention that this
is technically a Wii U Port so now March
16th our
first original game for for the switch
in
2018 I always enjoyed playing Kirby I've
played a couple of them over the years
never like fully this was like like the
first Kirby game I actually played from
start to finish properly like my own
copy and not like just borrowing it from
someone else and I had a blast blanket
the Kirby games are all very simple but
the charm is always amazing the music
and all the copy abilities and just it's
always a really fun games and I really
enjoyed star
allies and yeah it was just a really fun
game great Kirby I love Kirby and it's
really cute so let me know what you
think of Kirby in the
comments all right next up we got a dual
release on April 20th of Nintendo labo 1
variety pack and Nintendo labo 2
robots I did not try out the labo games
I only bought the cartridges off of eBay
I don't have the cardboard for these
two um so I didn't really try them out
they did look cute and interesting U
definitely like a interesting concept
using the switch and the IR camera and
it's cool when Nintendo plays around and
experiments with ideas but I did not try
this one out for myself so if you tried
these out let me know in the comments
below next up we
have another Wii U port with Donkey Kong
Tropical
Freeze and this is the Funky Kong I have
the Funky Kong cover up regular
cover um Donkey Kong Country Returns I
played a little bit of one of the Donkey
Kong lands on the Game
Boy um years back I mean not like when
it came out but like you know DS was
already out at that point but I was
playing out on one of my old roommates
game boys and it was fun I enjoyed it um
never finished it and then I played a
little bit of Returns on the 3DS but
that's not what we're here to talk about
we're here to talk about Tropical Freeze
right now um I was excited to try this
one out um I played it for a bit didn't
get very far in the game decided I
wasn't really having fun or in the mood
of it then and you know what what
something I do want to try again at some
point but it's not like a priority for
me but it's really fun I like the the
visuals and the music was fun and Funky
Kong I always loved playing as Funky
Kong and Mario Kart Wii so I was really
excited to like see that but didn't
really stick with me this one another
interesting thing about this game is
while it was a Wii U Port is actually
more this was more expensive at release
than the Wii U version which is an
interesting thing to know but it did get
some new content with the funky updates
so yeah Donkey Kong Country Return uh
sorry Donkey Kong Country tropical
Freeze did you play this one let me know
in the comments what you think of it and
now for the next game we
have another Wii U port with Hyrule
Warriors Definitive Edition now this is
actually a port of the Wii U game and
the 3DS game so I think the wi Wii U and
3DS did have some different content I'm
not sure if the 3DS had all the content
that Wii U had but this is a combination
of both of those and um if you watch my
last video where I was talking about
Fire Emblem Warriors
I said that was my first muso game and
my first Fire Emblem game so for this
one I'm going to say this was my second
muso game really excited because I loved
um the muso game with Fire
Emblem Warriors and I was really excited
to see it with Zelda now as with that uh
with the fire blem one I really didn't
know any of the characters with this one
I did know a bit about the characters
but I never properly played any of the
Zelda games as I mentioned also besides
for before breath of the wild I did play
a little bit of some of them on
emulators but I never really played any
of them properly so I wasn't really like
super familiar with all these characters
from the games that they're from but I
did know about them more than I did know
about the Fire Emblem games and this
game is just packed with content just a
ton of stuff to do different modes ton
of different characters um I basically
only played the main story I played a
little bit of the side modes but mostly
just went through the main story and I
loved every second of it this game was
just so much
fun and I just I loved it um again the
Musa combat's just amazing the Zelda
music and all the locations and the
characters I didn't have that Nostalgia
feel that a lot people might have had
but I did love playing as all the
different
characters and it just such a great time
and a great game I just love the M of
combats I love seeing them with Nintendo
characters so let me know in the
comments what you think of this one
because this is one of my one of the top
switch games in my mind even though it
is a Wii U and 3DS port
all right next up talking about
3DS We Got Sushi Strikers the way of
sushido now this is the second game that
came out as a dual release on the switch
and the 3DS so both of those versions of
the game came out at the same date and
it's a very interesting um puzzle game
it's looked really cute um I did play
the demo a bit and I did enjoy it but I
never actually ended up playing the full
release even though I always meant to
so I don't really have a lot to talk
about this one so if you played this let
me know in the comments what you think
of it and now for the next game we have
Mario Tennis Aces I was really excited
for this one I loved we Sports tennis
and I played it for hours and hours and
hours and I always wanted to like see it
with the Mario like I always saw the
Mario tennis games I never actually
played any of them so I was really
excited to try this one out and I didn't
like I never give it enough time like
I'm I'll be honest I played it for a few
minutes and I just never gave it enough
time there are so many games on the
switch and so many games I wanted to try
out that unfortunately just some of them
just I didn't give enough time and this
is definitely one of those games that I
need to give more time to because it
just looks fun I heard mix things about
it some people loved it some people
didn't but it just looks really fun and
all the Mario characters I know got a
lot of updates with new content and
characters um but yeah I this is one I
need to get back to so Mario tenis Aces
do to play this game if you have let me
know in the comments and let's discuss
it all right next up I feel like I
messed I forgot to say dates because
I've been spacing out so I'm going to
rewind a little
bit and we had labo I said on April 20th
I know I said th those once Donkey Kong
TR Donkey Kong Tropical Freeze on May
4th hway warriors on May 18th and March
22nd in Japan I believe the US was May
18th I I I'm not editing this so this is
what you're kiding Sushi Strikers was
June
8th and Mario Tennis Aces was June 22nd
all right next up on July 18th we got
octopath traveler another Square Enix
game now this one unlike Dragon Quest
Builders this was a switch exclusive for
a while and published by Nintendo it did
later get ported to other systems and
the publishing Gres changed from
Nintendo to square Unix but for a while
it was a Nintendo published game and a
first party released technically so the
switch exclusive and Nintendo published
I think even now on the switch on the
ESOP it does say squareenix published
but even for a while after one
multiplatform it did say Nintendo
published on the eShop and this game
also gave us my first collector edition
for the year b 2 was really the first
collector edition but I think it
released in the US but octopath traveler
did now this is still one of my favorite
Nintendo switch collector editions
simply because of the
beauty of
the popup book hopefully it's on frame
properly but the popup
book collector edition just this I love
this and this game was announced with
the Nintendo switch 2 sorry the Nintendo
switch reveal this is one of the first
games announced and the ht2
art style was also announced then we've
since got multiple games in the HD 2D
art style which is absolutely just
stunning but this was the first one and
I just love that pop-up book this makes
it like my favorite collector edition I
should probably pack this away properly
and not
improperly um and you know finally
released you know we waited a while for
it
but we finally got it
and this game I
really enjoyed playing it when I started
playing it I was having a lot of fun
playing it playing it about halfway
through the game I just started feeling
getting very burnt out by all the
grinding I was doing and I put it down
for a break and I never continued it but
was I was having a really fun time with
the characters and the story and playing
around with the party system and just
the gorgeous art style and music and
it's a game that I want to go back to
but I don't know if I ever will um I
based on what I heard like I should just
play octopath traveler 2 but I'll talk
about that later
um this is just one of my favorite
releases for the switch just from the
collector edition and the artwork and it
always like has a good place in my heart
and brain even if I never finish the
game hopefully one day I will so yeah
octopath traveler have you played this
game let's discuss it in the comments
and now let's move on to the next game
next up on July 13th we got Captain ch
but leave it leave it leave
it next up on July 13th we got Captain
Toad treasure Tracker this game is a
expanded Port from the Wii U original
that was a spin-off of Super Mario 3D
World and they took that Wii U version
and expanded it and ported it to both
the switch and the 3DS both of those
versions came out on the same day but
since it's a port of a Wii U game I
consider a little differ from the other
day one switch 3DS games that I
mentioned now to go about this game I'm
going to welcome back
Kim hello hello hello good to be back
yeah so Captain welcome back so Captain
Toad treasure Tracker is a really cute
um spin-off of the Mario Series where
you have a little ARA you have to walk
around as Toad and complete little
puzzles and try to collect as many items
as possible or if you just want to get
to the end goal really cute um short
levels that don't take a lot of time to
play there's a lot of levels to get
through I didn't get through all them
myself but I did find the game a little
bit slow when I want to just like
complete levels I need to be in the
right mindset to play it what do you
think H so I didn't actually finish it
myself either it's one of those games
that like potion permit like Animal
Crossing it's one of those cozy games
and I like it I mean it's a cute cutesy
Adventure that happens to feel cozy I
really like the fact that they took a
character from Mario Galaxy the original
and made it into like a full-fledged
character cuz I guess enough people
appreciated cat Toad and his Antics but
this game as a standalone game looked
really cute there were cute isometric
puzzles now granted I wish it wasn't
just isometric I wish it did more with
different perspectives more often than
it did in the
game I you did have some like the mine
cart levels yeah but there could have
been more variety some of it felt like a
copy paste formula but I never played
the Wii U version I didn't even get a
Wii U and I really want to because of
the games on it still this game also
they get expanded content based off
Odyssey Super Mario Odyssey which was
available in the 3DS version as well so
that's cool that 3DS had Mario Odyssey
and also did get update with labo VR
support for some levels was that done in
like the Wii U version 2 they did get an
update no the Wii U didn't get any
updates okay yeah so Captain Toad
treasure Tracker did you play this game
let us know in the comments what you
think of it and let's discuss it so now
let's move on to the next game next on
July 27th we got go
vacation this is a a port SL remake or
so of a game originally for the Wii this
was published for Nintendo on the switch
but originally on the Wii it was
published by Bandai Namco so I haven't
played this one don't really know too
much about it but just interesting that
the originally original on Wii was
Bandai and now this on switch was
Nintendo so if you played this game
whether on the Wii or on the switch let
me know in the comments what you think
of it now on September 14th we got the
third installment in the Nintendo labo
series with labo 3 vehicle now this one
I actually did get the cardboard
for nice big massive box but I never
actually opened it up or tried it out so
it's cool to see the labo series
continue and if you did try this one let
me know in the comments what you think
of it next up on September 21st we got
Xenoblade Chronicles to Tor of the
Golden Country Now T of the golden
country is a DLC pre to the main
Xenoblade Chronicles 2 game and I loved
the main Xenoblade games I was really
really excited to main Z 2 so I was
really excited when T got announced with
a prequel and expanding the story now
this is this technically Standalone
story to the main game that could be
played either before or after the main
game and it is a pretty hefty DLC with
about 40 hours worth of content so they
ended up giving it a its own physical
release so so if you bought the season
pass or the for the main game it was a
downloadable content in the main game or
you could have bought it separately they
did charge a little more for it
separately both digitally and physically
and it ALS the separate pack also came
out a week after the digital version of
the DLC now if you didn't buy the season
pass for the main game the physical for
Tor came with a download code which gave
you waves one through five of the DLC or
1 through four
of the DLC for the main game and then
had TOA as a as a separate icon on the
main switch so that was really the only
way to get waves one through four
separately for your main game without
having the TOA tied into the main game
which is interesting to see that they
did
that now to talk about this game itself
this game is 100% under Perfection
that's
it I loved Xeno Blade 2 but the main
battle system was I I never fully
understood the main battle system I'm
not one that really gets very technical
with all these RPG battle systems I know
I love watching people like videos
online I'll be
like yeah okay um yeah I love I love
that I'm unfortunately not as good at
them but this really streamlined a lot
of the issues I had with the combat for
the main game and just made it so much
fun I was like I'm going to play this
game as much as I can I did not 100%
this game I call I say I did it 99%
because there was three Final Super
bosses in the game I did not do
otherwise I did every Quest and I just
didn't want to like mindlessly grind to
get be able to get those last three
super bosses but this game is perfection
and the
story was so good and while they say you
can play it before you play the main
game which you can I just would
recommend playing the main game before
you play the prequel just the way the
story plays out and I'm not going to say
any story spoilers but the way this game
ended especially if you played the first
the main game first the way this story
of this game ended just had me
weeping I mean the M the main game made
me cry but this game just had me weeping
the way the game ended and I just loved
the characters that we see in this and
the way they changed up the battle
system and you know it's a Xeno games of
the world and the music and the battles
and everything's beautiful but this game
just was so so incredible it's also the
first game or not the first game but
technically it's a game that I picked up
when I went to visit the Nintendo New
York store for the first time you know
since then I've been many there many
many many times you know I went this was
on a trip to New York before I actually
moved here so this was what I picked up
on my first trip to New York and this
game is just perfection I cannot get I
couldn't get enough I I really want to
replay this xen Blade series if the
switch to actually uprises at the games
like you know after this post we would
know that info but before I'm filming
this before we know anything you know
officially anything about the switch 2
but if it's up bre's games like they say
it is I'm replaying the Zen Trilogy
because this is amazing and I love this
game so much next up on October 5th we
got Super Mario party this is the first
Mario Party to release on switch and the
First new release in a long running
franchise now I'm going to welcome a
longtime fan of the Mario Party series
who
definitely did not love this game as
much as
others and yes yeah I didn't love it and
it's because as you said I played every
single Mario Party since like the
original first Mario Party in 64 to the
last one on the Wii did not play Wii U
so did not play that but a lot of you
didn't have a Wii U I know a lot of
people who never had a Wii U I was
excited initially cuz I have a switch
here's a Mario Party game for it that's
a great idea because we haven't had one
of those in a very long time for a
Nintendo console
and I liked the originality of it I
thought there was some great stuff to
that I did not like however that Min
games felt so trivial that oh my God you
get a consolation prize first place
second place third place it's like
that's not what Mario Party ever did
ever so for me like my history with the
Mario Party franchise is very different
I've basically only played Mario Party
DS and Mario Party 8 on the Wii and then
this one and I loved Mario Party S I
love all the touch screen Min games I
love the little story mode the single
player the single player aspects of it
and also playing a multiplayer when I
could so Super Mario party I didn't
really have people to play this with
when it when it launched so I didn't
play it a lot in multiplayer I did like
play around with you know with the with
the com players and the mini games but I
didn't like feel it was as fun as other
ones especially I'm a handheld player
and you can't play this game in handheld
needo need I played a lot with family
you played very little with it I played
a lot more family for me my family we
come together we play a Mario Party game
that's what we do in my family my
cousins and I since back in our
childhoods the biggest thing for me is
myio party is all about the boards it's
all about the boards and maybe less
about the bonus modes for extra content
the boards were so small they had almost
no real
character and I was shocked at how few
boards there were there were
legitimately four boards and that was it
I remember games with more way more it
was cool seeing that this game added
online functionality for you know not
full online but for some modes and
bringing the bringing it to the switch I
did have fun playing it but you know
here and there when I did play it I also
um played this at the Nintendo New York
store one of the times I was there
before I moved to New York it was fun
playing other massive screen that they
have in that store but at the end of the
day
I did not play this game a ton and it's
not the greatest Mario party it's
definitely not the worst Mario party
it's one of the worst I would say it is
one of the worst but also he didn't play
the 3DS entries or the Wii U ENT I'm as
I said I'm not a handheld player I'm
like a console player cuz most of us in
the family don't whip out our console
our handhelds and play together like
that cuz that's not something we ever
did but luckily the switch did redeem
the Mario Party franchise down the line
but we'll talk about it when those games
oh yeah they did come to come around in
this series so stay tuned so yeah Super
Mario Party let us know in the comments
what you think of this one
and yeah let's discuss it so all right
now let's move on to the next game
next up on October 12th we got the world
ends with you final remix from this is
another Square Enix game that was
published by Nintendo this was a DS
original exclusive to that that was
later ported to mobile devices and then
later to the switch I'm not sure if it
got ported into other systems but I
don't think this one did but I might be
wrong so this is still a square game
that is exclusive to Nintendo
consoles um while it released on October
2nd in the US relas September 27th I
think in
Japan um and I've heard very good things
about this game mostly for the DS
version I've heard mixed things about
the actual switch Port but again it's
another game that while I've really
wanted to try it out for myself I've not
had the opportunity to do so yet so if
you've played this let me know in the
comments what you think of
it next up on October 6 October 16th we
got
starlink battle for Atlas another you
might be thinking that's not a Nintendo
game that's a Ubisoft game so why is it
in this video because the switch version
of this game has some exclusive Star Fox
content not included in any of the other
versions so as I said this is also
covering Nintendo IP that other
companies used so this game was a
multiplatform at launch but only the
switch version had the Star Fox content
and all copies of the game came with
this box for some of the toys to life
aspects of the game but if you didn't
want that the game is also fully
playable for the digital version without
needing to actually utilize the
different ships and the different parts
you could also buy all the different
ships in different parts digitally if
you didn't want them
physically I've heard good things about
this some people you know said it wasn't
that good but I've heard good things
about it I just haven't had a chance to
try for myself so it's still sitting
here but maybe I will try it out at some
point who knows I don't know does seem
interesting all right next up on
November 16th we got Pokemon let's go
Pikachu and let's go Eevee first of our
Pokemon releases for the switch and this
is a semi- remake of the original
Pokemon Red and Blue but also completely
changes up the way the game is played
now you have catching mechanics like the
Pokémon Go game where you kind of either
swipe on the screen or use your joy con
or use your buttons to catch the PO
Pokémon and it's focused on the Canto
region with the original 151
Pokémon it also came with a little it's
not really colle collector edition per
se but more of
a uh controller
bundle and if you pre-ordered the game
from 7-Eleven Japan they had a really
cute steelbook available with the game I
had a friend helped me get this import
this one and then later it was available
at Best Buy for you know if you just
bought the game you can get the
steelbook at Best Buy so was the same
steel book but I got mine from Japan
with my Pokemon let's go
Pikachu and then I got from us Pokemon
let's go Eevee actually Amazon had this
as like a pre-order mistake for like $50
and then they canceled down I'm like hey
that's not fair and they gave me like
some credit so but yeah they I did get
this one I didn't play Pikachu but I did
play Eevee I never actually finished the
main story of this game but I had a lot
of fun playing around trying to catch a
different Pokemon and seeing how the
game goes I ended up just like trying to
shiny hunt chain uh needo Rands and then
just did that for hours and hours and
hours and hours and they just got bored
of the game so I probably shouldn't have
done that and just focused on the main
game but I did really enjoy it really
cute um rehash of the Pokemon series
it's definitely not the greatest idea
but it was definitely cute and fun and
the Pokeball controller was a lot of fun
to use and I do have two another
interesting thing about these collector
editions while the boxes look the
same um on the outside you know
obviously besides for the language
differences and a little bit of the
artwork inside they're very different as
while the US one came with the game and
the box for the Pokeball if you just
like as it were if you just bought the
Pokeball at retail while the Japanese
one had a special packaging that just
had the Pokeball and not a retail style
box so we got the games the
steelbook I enjoy this one definitely so
yeah if you play this like let me know
what you think of it and Pikachu or
Eevee which one are you I'm Eevee
definitely
Eevee all right let's go on to the next
one last game for the year on December
7th we got the long way to release of
Super Smash Brothers ultimate this is a
franchise that is well beloved by video
game and Nintendo fans and it's truly a
celebration of Everything video games
have has to offer so with this release
we got the game in the US we got a
little collector edition bundle that
came with the Pro Controller themed
after the game and this cool
steelbook over in Europe they got a much
bigger collector edition with really
cool artwork on the front with the
banner and this one included the game
the GameCube controller themed after the
re-release of the GameCube controller
and the GameCube controller adapter play
out on the switch now I don't actually
actually have any of those items I was
in a store in Switzerland and they just
had this empty box sitting there and cuz
it was a little damaged and the person
just wanted the item so just left the
box in the store so I took it because I
like why not cuz this box is beautiful
with the every everybody is here
Banner yeah so but I did get my us one I
also went to the GameStop midnight
launch for this game midnight release
launch for this game that was my first
time doing that which was really really
fun now to join because this is a game
that's really all about playing with
other people I'm going to invite Kim to
talk about this game with me oh yeah
I'll be player one
anytime so yeah Super Smash Brothers
ultimate is a fighting game and I'm not
a big into the fighting game genre but
I've always enjoyed trying this game
about a little bit here and there
ultimately I don't ultimately I don't
really love it too
much yeah um I've played since Super
Smash Bros the original Super Smash
Brothers original Super Smash Brothers
Melee at Super Smash Brothers Brawl did
not play the one in Wii U but because
this is like basically that same game
like Mario Kart 8 I'm basically saying
this is that other game I love the game
I haven't really played much of it
because I've been playing other games
but Super Smash Brothers has a lot of
nostalgia for me because a there's the
music that borrows from all the major
game franchises of
Nintendo and of course all the
characters like main P key Point
characters of all the Nintendo games did
you even show the side of that I did on
the yeah like the fact that you could be
playing link who's fighting against
Mario and then you have SAS there you
have so much coolness but what you
didn't mention about as a fighting game
is it's like a fighting game with a good
bit of slap stick there's a good bit of
shtick in there like if you go in and
zoom in when you take a shot you get the
little anime anime style things around a
comic book style stuff that's like pow
and you get all these little tiny
comical things like the bunny ears like
the big happy hammer and then the hammer
thing flies off and it's just ridiculous
like every all the elements it brings in
from all these video game franchises is
really really really cool and just
combining that all and as just as a true
celebration of Gaming all the music
that's included all the characters all
the courses like honestly my favorite
part of the game is just going into the
music player and listening to music from
all the different franchises involved
and especially with you know in Super
Smash Brothers Brawl they started adding
third party characters and the way that
expanded into this into ultimate with so
many amazing third party characters
especially characters that weren't even
represented properly before had
unintendo systems you know obviously
since then we've gotten more of more
from some characters on here but you
know getting Microsoft characters Bandai
characters Sega characters let's not
even say the word Microsoft characters
because the characters that we're
referring to are rare characters when
banjo kazui came I cannot tell you how
loud I scream my neighbor NE must have
thought I was getting stabbed because I
was so ridiculously excited about Banjo
Kazooie because banjo Kaz is my
childhood man you have banjo and M and
Steve for Minecraft which those are both
you know not originally Microsoft IP but
those are Microsoft IP now rare is a
rare that is a rare IP Like It's
associated with rare like every time you
see it even on a on a Microsoft thing it
still shows you the rare logo therefore
it is a rare game we're not discussing
that further though because what's the
point I just love that you had an
expansion that continued ever since the
Smash Bros Smash Brothers Melee because
you had more few levels from the old
Smash Bros
brothers and you then got larger better
music s sounds and everything what
really stuck out was when I played brawl
that one had a great Subspace emmissary
that was a great story mode type thing
where some of that did unlock a couple
characters I think it was T link and
maybe one other character I don't
remember which I think it was a lot of
characters that you could have unlocked
through Subspace Emissary or through
playing it other ways there was like two
ways to unlock that was the one I always
did for it and I remember I actually had
the guide book for
it yeah so like I never played Super
Smash Bros like seriously I played a
little bit here and there like I played
the original one on the on a on a g on a
64 emulator I used to go to GameStop
when I was younger and just like while
my mom was shopping in the mall I would
just go into GameStop and play Subspace
Emissary on their Wii demo units and I
was always enamored by how cool it was I
never got super far into it but I've
never owned it myself I always wanted to
and play that out and when world of
light was initially announced besid for
that amazing song in that trailer I was
hoping I was like excited for a new
Subspace Emissary like mode with a good
with a story and seeing all the
characters and while ultimately we
didn't that I still think what they did
with the spirits with bringing in even
more characters that they couldn't pin
into the game as Fighters but bringing
them in as spirits and changing up and
like matching the spirits to different
characters that were playable in the
game just was really cool concept of
that how that all mesch
together but I didn't I never finished
the spirits mode I just you know I was
playing it I never finished it either I
just ended up you know because I wasn't
enjoying the I'm not a fighting game
person so I wasn't enjoying playing the
G I don't really call it a fighting game
personally I call it like like it it
doesn't really have a genre I just call
it like a slapstick fighting game
because it's so not serious in a lot of
sense but when you play Subspace
Emissary that has an actual story and
not the other thing like my big itch to
pick with this is the fact that in the
original Smash Brothers Melee you had
Zelda and impa I mean Sheik Sheik and
Zelda were basically the same character
cuz Chic is her alter ego and in Brawl
they still continued that but in this
game when they separated those two
basically totally takes away the fact
that that is Zelda's alter ego and I
hate it I resent that so much yeah it
was always really fun you know even even
when I got to the point where I wasn't
playing the game anymore but just like
seeing the online reactions to new
announcements and how excited people are
going to be and even being at the
Nintendo New York store watching a
direct some characters were announced
seeing online reactions to people it was
really really fun just every time we we
get a new character
announcement and I do not want to say
another Nintendo game done like this
because there was a lot of DLC to get a
lot of extra characters and I think if
Nintendo's going to do this something
this scale they should just charge one
and a half times the price of the game
because they did that for Te of the
Kingdom they could do it for this
imagine paying instead of like 50 60 for
a game you paid 90 or 100 for a game and
you got everything with it I mean we'll
see what they end up doing because DLC
is just a part of gaming these days I
don't like DLC I don't have people don't
like DLC but that's just the fact of
that's where the industry is now yeah
but by saying it now we're acknowledging
that there are people who don't like it
and that's also a thing yeah and you
know
while as as was saying you know this
game isn't one that I'm going to play
much except when some people talk me
into
it just just being a celebration of
gaming I do love the game and I'm having
a lot of fun currently trying to collect
slowly you I'm not rushing any of it but
collecting all the amiibos for each
fighter available in the game and out of
the 94 amibos that are available for the
smash I have 72 of them so I'm just need
72 more or sorry not 7 22 more um yes so
Super Smash Brothers ultimates what do
you think of the game was it the
ultimates and if you are a big fan of
the game who is your main character for
me I go I use the me sword fighter with
the shul not sorry not shul with the Rex
costume because Rex and my love for zena
Blade Chronicles too I'm like even if I
can't play that I'm going to play with
that costume but not everyone has the
costume when I play the game so let's
say you can't pick that who do you pick
and I didn't do pyro and mythra I never
I would play Pyro and mythro but I don't
actually know how they control so I feel
like the so the last time I played this
game with someone they had remapped the
but controls but didn't tell me and it
was so bad that wasn't me I promise that
wasn't me but um also had a fun playing
this game once um by the Super Mario
Wonder launch it was waiting outside the
Nintendo store great that was great who
are you even playing some random person
on the line had Super Smash Brothers
ultimate with a projector just
projecting on a garage door on yeah on
48th Street and then Doug Bowser is just
like walking right by yeah it was fun
and we're just like playing Smash and no
one could see anything but say you can't
pick a me character say you can't pick a
me who are you picking depends on my
mood in the moment but let's say you're
not picking a me who would you're go-to
I don't have a go-to I just decided I
never really had a go-to character I
will admit the one I've gravitated
towards the most is actually Bowser
because I really have recently more
related to Bowser and I can't explain
why really on the 3DS I used to use U
Martha or um Lucario a lot but I also
used Peach a lot when she came to smash
brothers mail
I was Peach I have since that day wanted
to literally whip out a frying pan from
God knows where and beat somebody with
it I have always thought of that oh and
like a golf club too I mean who has
never thought of
that so yeah so last game of that we got
in 2018 this was definitely a really fun
year for all the different Nintendo
releases and we got such a cool variety
of different experiences different you
know gimmicky stuff and kept off by one
of the biggest games for the switch and
gaming history in general just this is
one of the most important franchises of
gaming history just because of one of
them but there's others just because of
the celebration of game that nothing
else replicates as much as smash does so
yeah 2018 was great and let me know in
the comments what some of your favorite
third party releases from 2018 were and
what your favorite games from 2018 in
general were and it doesn't even have to
be switch games let's talk about any
games even though I'm mostly play on
switch but we could talk about almost
anything yeah might be PS five
more well that wasn't out in
2018 um yeah so this was fun and I'm
going to link past and future videos in
the com in the description below and
follow along share with your friends
discuss in the comments play more video
games like yeah play video games stop
watching my no I'm kidding don't stop
watching my videos don't just play more
video games video games anyways this was
fun and stay tuned for 2019 and Beyond
this is fun all right thank you for
watching have a good one thank for
having
me see you on the next one