hello everyone welcome back to switch up
and to the unexpected Nintendo Direct
Glenn and I are going to give you quite
a swift reaction but also not a
completely live one yep what he said
we're literally waiting it's 20 seconds
to go as we're recording this video and
we will let you know our thoughts and
hopefully there'll be something decent
absolutely all right the Nintendo Direct
what was it all about well let's find
[Music]
out all right so the first game that we
saw was the Dragon Quest one and two HD
remaster is it yes so we got the third
game was it last year I believe it was
wasn't it which chronologically is a
prequel or separate before the other two
so it makes sense I suppose they're
doing it this way round um it's nice to
see them doing it as a bundle it is yeah
we already knew this but it's nice to
see it's a bundle I just hope they have
an option this time around to reduce
random battles so do why yeah you would
hope that they would have something
after the feedback for the first I don't
think they will I don't think they will
[Music]
yeah after that one then we had um what
was it no sleep for it was like AI theum
files no sleep for I can't even say it
is it kame d s good yeah yeah so AI I've
always said it AI they said it I they
did the sunium files fair enough but
yeah I played the first of those there's
two on the switches it currently stands
anyway yeah and this is the third of
course I saw a lot of similar characters
so the character you're saving in this
Iris was in the first game a lot the
same location so I just hope they mix it
up a bit Yeah so it's different from the
first but very good game the first one
is certainly and a very well- loved
series actually yeah I think there's
going to be a lot of people happy about
that yeah that was July wasn't it that
one that one was July the 25th
yeah after that we had was it Ryu
remastered Ryo remastered yes uh which
is a series I've just looked I'm not
going to pretend I knew at all a series
that was on the PlayStation too by the
looks of it oh nice so an atlas we
thought it was like a Persona when when
you saw that initial person running like
this looks so much like Persona yeah it
really did this is an arpg isn't it yes
and it has some of the demons that are
in shim magami tent as well so it's
obviously like a shared Universe I guess
yeah with the demon like you can summon
demons Target weaknesses on monsters and
stuff I've not played this myself or
even heard of it no I hadn't but I like
the look of it yeah I like that darker
uh angle that this game goes for as
compared to something light Persona
that's a bit too colorful for me
personally but yeah I like look at this
quite intrigued by that one yeah so am I
I I always like an arpg as well
[Music]
definitely lovely stuff all right next
up we had um Shadow Labyrinth from
Bandai Namco which I described as a pack
troid Vania yeah yeah I like that very
nice term that yeah it's funny wasn't it
cuz it it started and it said oh you're
here with your friend Puck yeah and we
both went oh look looks like Pac-Man
Bandai that's funny and of course said
it becomes a major part of the gameplay
by the looks of it it really does and I
think both of us as well after an
initial like eye roll moment we were
actually it's nice to see them trying
something different yeah because the
first part before the Pac-Man like on
Rails part it looked nice it looked fine
but it just L like every other metania
for the Last 5 Years didn't it so it's
nice to see them try something different
it wasn't just that part with with that
Pac-Man character it was the like Kaiju
almost like Robo Mech part as well
wasn't it I love it it's it's it's what
I want to see more of it's what Indies
do so well where they just think well
this would be a good idea and they just
do it yeah big companies don't tend to
do that so much too safe don't they too
safe
yeah Shadow Labyrinth then releases on
July the 18th by the looks of it and
then there was one that I recognized
called Paton one and two which were PSP
games yeah PSP games like Rhythm games
aren't they uh one and two replay this
was called I think it looked like it
didn't add a huge amount that's not been
there before I think there were a few uh
difficulty modes and bits and Bobs
unless obviously there's more they're
not saying but I'd heard of these but
you've played them and you said they're
very good yeah really addictive it was
funny we had a little chat while this
one was on just basically saying it
really doesn't matter about visuals does
it when there's a good game design
absolutely that core gameplay Loop or
mechanic whatever it is if that's
interesting that's all that's a big part
of it at least isn't it and it does look
nice anyway that game visually it's got
a nice stle isn't the Silhouettes yeah I
like that yeah I think people will
really like that if they've not played
that one before that one releases on
July the 11th
[Music]
and then we had the um New Old story of
Seasons Grand Bazaar game yeah when I
heard the title Grand Bazar um I was
sure it had been out somewhere before
but there were so many of these games I
did have to look up and check where it
was a DS game I think when it was still
called Harvest Moon right but there were
there were about five or so on just on
the DS alone wow so yeah I don't know
what's particularly different about this
one it's the same sort of premise of
having to build up a town back to
Prosperity uh you know
Romancing and harvesting all that stuff
that you do in these games and again I
didn't see a huge amount that's they
didn't mention much that's been added
other than looks like a bit of a
graphical uh tweak you know yeah one
thing I think that probably has been
added that I did notice was full voice
acting yes that wouldn't have been on
the DS wouldn't have been you're
absolutely right but yeah I mean I do
like the story of Seasons games I don't
remember this one being anything to
shout about majorly but they're always
fun to play lovely that one releases on
August the 27th
[Music]
then we got the big one really so far
and it's the um Metroid Prime 4 Beyond
trailer with a load more details yeah
yeah this uh it's looking good is it
let's be honest it's looking really good
yeah I I said to Mark I I like the fact
that it's well at least going by this
trailer predominantly outside I like the
fact they've gone for that kind of
jungle setting planet with a more
tropical feel to it rather than just
being indoors metal and whatnot again I
think that's a really good choice it is
it's interesting you said this actually
that they're using those like
manipulation powers that we've seen in
like the Zelda games you got these
psychic abilities I'm seeing gyro there
as well oh definitely there were
definitely some examples of it but yeah
no absolutely they seem to be uh almost
linking Zelda and yeah unintentional I
noticed it as I was saying but Zelda and
Metroid in terms of things like the
powers and whatnot there seems to be a
theme of powers that Nintendo like using
at the minute yeah it does I think just
from what we've seen there different
enemy types as well you didn't even see
the um the metroids did you no no there
was one shot of one was there was one
brief shot of one kind of shot towards
the camera Eagle Eye yeah but I think
overall it's same engine as well by
looks same engine by looks yeah very
nice no no release date no no which
makes me think they're going to launch
it simultaneously yeah quite possibly
that would make sense to be honest
wouldn't it I think so it's like a win
for everyone that isn't it yeah you know
have some like Advanced features on the
switch to but every one can enjoy it
kind of
[Music]
thing after that not quite as um
exciting we had Disney villains curse
Cafe yeah it was one of those talk and
make coffee games wasn't it where you
get to know your customers um things
like like coffee talk and there's
another one I'm sure it's called
Valhalla or something like that like
that yeah um which wasn't coffee it was
like you were in a you know a bar but
those sort of games can be fun I don't
think I'd want to talk to Ursula from
The Little Mermaid though or Gaston from
bloody whatever it's called you know not
really my cup of tea no I've got to be
honest I'm not going to be rushing out
cuz that one releases today out today
that one yeah but it's an interesting
concept I guess do you know what the
thing for me is it just all looked a bit
static yeah yeah it's I don't know yeah
I just think it's um it felt a bit
Barrel scraping it did to be honest yeah
it did right let's move on to the next
one wi Brook from chucklefish looks
quite interesting doesn't it yeah I'm
sure this one has had some talk around
it for a while had gone quiet for a
while as well I do like the the concept
I do it's got that mixture of like Slice
of Life with the Harry Potter basically
yeah yeah and it reminded me a bit of
something like the herbs do you remember
that game remember that it was like a
Sims spin-off okay but I'm sure that was
done from I do remember it I do remember
it that was a decent game but it just
reminded me of it a little but this one
seems to obviously go a lot more in
depth with uh it said like you're having
to pay off your college fees or whatever
doing little jobs and quests and whatnot
yeah I always like that I do like that
kind of sense of Freedom that that at
least the trailer presented you know you
get a choice of what jobs you do it's
nice for people that like Co-op that you
can have your mates join you for player
co-op that's cool and I do I've always
liked the isometric Viewpoint it's great
just cuz it's not used as much as
everything else you know I can't see it
without seeing like the original
Syndicate Wars and being like yeah yeah
let's
go after that we had the eternal life oh
by the way that was our winter 2025 then
we had the eternal life life of Goldman
from THQ yeah not a huge amount shown
here was there it was a platformer saw
that much yeah it really wasn't it just
has a nice art style it's a platformer
we don't know if it's a metrov Vania
platformer or what yeah yeah there was
something to do with his Cane or his
stick you could repair it and I'm
assuming I don't know like power it up
or whatever yeah I really not much to
say about that once be fair at the
minute
no then gradius the collection yes a
gradius collection um so gradius from I
think it was called Origins yeah
something like that wasn't it uh host of
the games which have come under
different names over the years it's a
bit confusing with gradius you've got
like life force and salamander still
gradius games and then it said there was
a new one salamander 3 three yeah on
there as well I mean you know I love a
good shoot them up so it's quite cool
isn't it yeah definitely gradius Origins
that one releases in August the
7th the final one was Rift of the necro
dancer yeah so the necro dancer series
you've got or no Necromancer series
isn't it yes you got Crypt I don't even
know anymore it NEC it is necro dancer
cuz it's Crypt of the necro dancer then
there was something else that got no
coverage that came out a couple of weeks
ago yeah it was like a 3D uh remake
almost of that first game which was
quite an interesting idea to be fair but
with no like publicity at all dropped at
a bad time I think didn't it really and
then this one is rift isn't it and it's
Guitar Hero basically guar hero oh I
wonder if people are going to like do
people is that something people are
after I don't know I think think I might
be wrong but I get the feeling that to
be into a Guitar Hero game you need to
have actual bands in it don't you I'd
say so we could be wrong but prob are I
wouldn't hold hold my breath to be fair
no exactly right that one releases was
it today that was today yeah well if you
want to see a video of it let me know
I'm not overly
enthus okay then we had a couple that
didn't exactly float my boat both of
them back to back really we had
Tamagotchi Plaza yep um I'll be honest I
got bored of Tamagotchi about 10 minutes
after buying one
back in about
1997 so uh no it didn't do it for me at
all that one no it comes out in June as
well which seems unusual I can imagine
like releasing that Christmas time you
know get get some Christmas sales it
just didn't look overly inspiring it
looked so uninspiring it did the
backgrounds the characters the the
actual gameplay it was showing I know
there was never much to tamagi but
that's why they cost I don't know a 10
and then went on your key ring
absolutely you're not paying 50 Quid for
it are yeah no you're not that one
releases June
27th now it's going to upset someone I
know it is but then we had Pokemon Z a
yeah and this looked to me equally
uninspiring yeah I mean I really enjoyed
Legends arus I thought it was a very
good game I thought it was a good step
in the right direction for the the
franchise um then we've had a couple
since that not done so well but there
was word on the horizon another one was
coming but it just looks so tepid yeah
the fact that they've confirmed that it
is entirely in that City and that your
exploration a is going to be going into
what it green zones something like that
essentially your town park yeah I I
don't understand I mean they're making a
big deal with the fact that this city
was in another game before but that that
first one in this series where you were
out in the wilds and you could be
attacked at any moment that's what made
it so interesting having to craft your
own Pokeballs and all that stuff I know
there's going to be people that are like
happy about the slight changes to combat
where you can move a bit more freely and
you've got the um the Mega Evolutions
and all of that malaky and the people
that are Pokémon fans and you know that
they just want to catch Pokémon maybe
they won't care about this stuff but
personally as someone that's kind of a
semian I guess I need something to draw
me in and and a world that is in my view
more restricted isn't going to do that
no I I feel with Pokémon going all the
way back they always add too many new
things to each new one and half of it's
unnecessary for me the only real thing
that needed refining from that Legends
game was it was too easy to one shot
kill whatever you want to call it either
the enemy or be kills yourself yeah it
was just it happened too often it was a
bit annoying if they have tweaked that
made it as interesting changed the
setting but don't go straight into a
concrete jungle no it' have been almost
like a certified win You' think so so
they introduced the idea of the Z
basically being a rank system work your
way up don't you yeah which is
interesting I like that and then they
hit you with the the person that gets to
a gets their wish granted yeah I don't
know what that's about I don't even say
that don't just don't even mention that
just say you want to be the best like
what's his name used to say all the time
Ash that was the point was it my wish is
the um monolith take over I wonder if
it'll be granted see if they grant that
yeah that one releases late
2025 Christmas sales you actually
recognized Rhythm Paradise didn't you
yeah so the rym paradise Series has been
going for a little while I'm sure there
was one on the Wii possibly uh 3DS maybe
I quite like this series it's fun um the
the trailer didn't do it justice it took
a long time to get going it had some
little p pman jumping through hoops for
a while didn't it um it wouldn't Inspire
anyone that wasn't already aware of it
or a fan of it but it is a decent Series
yeah and that's again that's well and
good it's nice to have a few decent
series but 2026 release date yeah that's
OD isn't it you'd think they'd get it
out sooner rather than later but there
we
go is that the like the switch isn't
dead yeah maybe yeah I think that might
be and then we had um the ver game car
yeah section this was weird wasn't it
this was weird I think my initial
knee-jerk reaction was like are they
trying to kill off physical media yeah
that's how it felt that's how it felt I
don't think that is what they're trying
to do in hindsight it looks more like
like if I had a switch and my kid had a
switch and and I wanted them to be able
to play one of my digital games I can
kind of loan it to them it said in small
print at the bottom as long as they're
on the same WiFi and local area
connection so it's to stop you loaning
stuff out to mates in different houses
and stuff yeah yeah hopefully there's I
mean you should still be able to do that
I hope you can do that because that the
whole point of that segment was
comparing it to physical media they made
a big point of saying you know you do
this with your physical games well I'd
lend you a physical game no bother so
why can't I lend you a digital one
should work the same way shouldn't it
but the idea it's if if the idea is that
you play it and then you have to give it
back to me digitally yeah then it makes
sense because it stops people from just
buying it once and then giving it to
everyone yeah okay yeah that would make
yeah that makes sense and if if that's
what they're doing that's a decent idea
I don't mind that you know what I mean
so not everyone has to buy everything
all the time if it's just another way of
talking about digital games it seems a
bit pointless didn't it yeah and and
hopefully not you know pushing the whole
code in a box thing yeah no I think it's
more about L literally lending someone
one of your games digitally and then you
have to get it back that makes sense
yeah so that seems okay as long as
that's all it
[Music]
is then we hit that Montage section with
high on life which was on Xbox Game Pass
and was a decent game you had like a
talking pistol in it's a first person
shooter actually was a very good first
person shooter nice yeah um I don't know
how it will run on switch but you know
that is the story of the day isn't it
really definitely um it was followed up
with star overdrive which we played the
demo of decent demo yeah it was good it
was nice you know sizable demo um the
main premise being you could kind of get
out your speedboard every so often and
whiz along to each objective couldn't
you and and it had like shrines like
Zelda didn't it did it was a bit Yeah
Zelda W esque not a bad game at all
actually that was that was fun wasn't it
that was I would say go check out the
demo of that one the wandering Village
is one that maybe a lot of people won't
know this was out on Steam and this is
great right this is a great game I mean
you only get to see a very small snippet
of it but you can see there's like a
it's got that dis World Vibe you've got
this like turtle and the village is on
the back of it and it's moving across
the land and you have to go out and do
your farming and all of that but it's
got such a nice like feel to it yeah I
think people will love this the turtle
uh reminded me of Stephen King's it
because uh the the idea is that there
were two like entities one being Penny
wise the cloud and the other one being
this big turtle oh man and uh I I
thought for a second we were
getting very obscure it game although
yeah we did get an 18 rating at the
start of this video yeah so maybe
something's coming something's coming
isn't it um and we had king of meat as
well which is another one that I do
recognize I feel like this one was maybe
it was just teased for switch and it's
been a while right maybe cuz my brain
was like was this a VR game but maybe
not might have been Gamescom or
something yeah something like that we
had a couple more quickfire games we had
that lose Lagoon yeah it didn't show a
huge amount of that it was a like a 3D
platform up by looks of it um sit on an
island of some description looked okay
from the small amount it showed yeah the
fantasy life I or whatever it was called
one whatever it was look good girl who
steals time um Fantasy Life the first
one I think that was a 3DS game was very
good a lot of fun so I'm looking forward
to this one although the trailer there
was some staring going on on there
weren't there it was lemon sh that was
bad they didn't think that through did
they they really didn't after we start
to get some slightly larger releases so
you've got the Saga Frontier 2 um
remaster or remake whatever it is it
looks great yeah so Saga Frontier is on
the switch in remastered form already
really good game um so obviously the
second one coming along quite different
games in the Saga series they came after
romance in Saga yeah um and yeah mixed
things up a bit I I really enjoyed the
first one so yeah looking forward to
that one
[Music]
lovely stuff we had Monument Valley one
and two bundled together good games very
famous on mobile they're like some of
the first big hit mobile games you know
it's fine seeing them on switch it's one
of those where you're surprised it
hasn't happened already isn't it I would
have thought for sure and I thought this
was going to be like a comes out today
release comes out on April the 15th and
then we get Monument Valley 3 the newest
game which hasn't actually been out that
long I don't think we see that late
summer yes
following on from that we had
everybody's golf which I couldn't care
any less about I like it but yeah I'm
all right thanks yeah I I'm fairly sure
this has been around before everybody's
golf it's been on other consoles or has
had a a game before this one it's fine
it's fine it's not really what you want
at the end of a direct though is it you
know getting towards the end you want a
bit of buildup yeah you need that like
leave you hyped yeah game don't you so
so following on from that we had Marvel
Cosmic invasion or Marvel's Cosmic
Invasion which look quality this is from
U beat them up from U looks very much
like it's uh a Marvel version of the
TMNT game that came out a couple of
years back um which was amazing so very
happy to see that not the biggest Marvel
fan these days they've kind of
oversaturated themselves I think but
this game looks very good so yeah
looking forward to that
one and then they finished their show
well there's one other thing to talk
about but they finished in terms of
games with Tomodachi Li living the dream
which doesn't release till 2026 yeah it
was a bit of a poop sandwich wasn't it
you had the golf game you had the nice
feeling of the Marvel game and then you
had this at the end yeah I know people
like this game or this series it came
out on the was it the DS I think some 10
years ago it's been on the switch since
obviously it's quirky it's quite fun but
it's not the game you end a direct on is
it no why would you not end with Metroid
with the Metroid game yeah at least get
that hype in the system yeah cuz that
came so early on that Metroid game that
you this is all right if this is game
number three what's going to be towards
the end well now we know living the
dream living the dream but not quite
because you've got a mobile app that
basically looks like it's going to do
some form of forcing you to use it to
get new information about the switch too
get new news yeah I you know what I find
sad these days is whenever mamoto comes
on it's to promote something crap that's
that's what he's become now he's an
absolute legend in the industry legend
for Nintendo and whenever he comes onto
one of these directs now it's like get
me a m to talk about that cuz he's got a
bit of standing behind him you know like
he'll make it sound more interesting
than it really is yeah sad don't end
with a mobile phone app no it's not the
best it's the
worst what's your view of that direct
it's pretty much what I expected what
what were they going to say at the end
of the switch's life what were they
going to you know like they they wrapped
up a couple of big games that people
were you know would be wondering what's
going on Metroid Pokemon whether you
like it or not it's still a big game you
know big series you know spattered in a
few ones that looked interesting and had
a bunch that didn't to be honest spat is
the word yeah I'm not sure if that is
actually a word no it is is it spatter
SP it in it's great word spat it all
over the place Metroid the Marvel beat
up you know your square ones the uh The
Saga fron here even the Dragon Quest one
and two you know good games it served me
exactly what I was expecting it really
did is what it is you know it's the
switches on its last legs is another
direct next week literally around the
corner what were they going to do you
know fair play fair play yeah let us
know in the comments what you think of
this one did it tickle you fancy was
there anything in there cuz there were a
couple like a i sunium files a few nice
gems in there it's just there was a too
much
bump way too much bump way too much
don't forget if you're looking for eShop
credit to uh pick any of these games up
in the future
2026 or anything else for that matter
you can use our website switch up. and
you get yourself 5% of your purchase
price back as cash back on your eShop
cards and there other links down there
to places such as play Asia thank you to
our patrons and our channel members for
your continued support and to each and
every one of you for watching our videos
take care and until next time happy
gaming
[Music]