hi again everyone uh this is Nintendo
Treehouse live Nintendo switch 2 uh for
those just joining in my name is Teresa
I'm joined here by Dutch and Sam and
we're here to show a really exciting uh
experience that is called Nintendo
switch 2 Welcome tour um so I'm going to
punt it off to Dutch so he can kind of
walk us through what's going on so far
all right let's hop into it we'll take a
look here so we can see we're just kind
of dropped in here on this enormous
joycon 2 and you just picked your avatar
so we're just dropping in my avatar here
and I actually can't tell I haven't
decided if like I'm tiny or if the
system is huge I don't know I can't
really tell uh so we can kind of walk
around on the surface and see these sign
boards it set up kind of like a almost
like a tech expo or something we got all
these friendly people here ready to tell
us all about the new hardware uh give us
all this information all the parts are
labeled with these little sign boards so
we can kind of explore around and see
all the
buttons and uh pretty much every single
piece of the entire Hardware is labeled
with these boards like even pieces that
you might not even think about or
realize are there so it's kind of fun to
wander around some little not yeah yeah
so here we see the the mouse feet uh so
we saw in the direct and some of the
segments so far that both of the joycon
2 controllers uh can be used as a mouse
so they have the mouse feet there uh to
kind help like Glide along the surfaces
and then over here this is where the
mouse sensor is so it says these sensors
check the surface they on uh to work out
how they're moved so that's where the
all that Mouse technology is located
there's a lot of new stuff to get
acquainted with here there yeah and we
got the uh oh let's H over here to this
cuz this is the the SL and the SR
buttons right here so those are kind of
redesigned they got a different uh
different shape and feel to them
compared to the switch console um but as
DCH mentioned like this feels very much
like an expo so it's really a great
piece of uh an experience where you can
really see learn Explore More especially
for somebody that you know new piece of
technology or Hardware that you're not
quite sure really familiar about this is
a great interactive way for you to
experience it especially like some of
these things that we're going to see a
little bit later um you really want to
have your own personal experience to
really get an appreciation of what
you're going to see and
and part of that is that uh here we see
one of the components is uh the quiz uh
kiosks here and that is really like a
rare look kind of behind the curtain
about uh how this system was built how
the hardware is built and some of the
design design decisions that went into
it yeah so this is a good spot to learn
about this so this one's about the HD
Rumble 2 function and for those of you
at home pay attention there might be a
quiz
later all right so we again we have a
little diagram here a little animation
showing us uh these specific spots on
the joycon 2 controller and the N
Nintendo switch 2 Pro Controller uh and
this is where the HD Rumble 2 components
are located so we get a little cutaway
diagram here you can see those orange
rectangles
there uh and it tells us that these are
custom built from the ground up so this
is not the same uh Rumble Hardware that
was in this switch
console so they're in both controllers
and they had to go uh do like a full
customization it's really interesting to
see that diagram too because where they
are positioned specifically in the joyon
2 as well as the Pro Controller too it's
right in the palm of your hands we'll
talk a little bit more about that too
let me see that uh we use magnets and
electromagnets to shift weight and
that's how the the rumble function is
created so this is an example of one of
the older uh Rumble functions mhm in
older Nintendo controller so you have a
little axis there with the weight
spinning around on it
uh but here with the HD Rumble 2 it's
not spinning it's vibrating side to side
at a high speed so it's like a a
different system that they're using for
the HD Rumble 2 function linear motion
exactly uh and it tells us it's the same
same kind of technology that used to
make trains levitate and allow them to
move at high
speeds uh so moving it sideways makes it
easier to rumble in various ways and you
can really feel that with uh the hard
mod we'll get into that uh a little bit
later see how that comes across let's go
over here see a little bit
more uh so it has a range of intensity
so it can be weak like a gentle touch or
much stronger and at the maximum
strength The Sensation will be much
stronger than the HD rumble on Nintendo
switch and I can attest to that you know
having these in my hands right now uh at
the at the peak it is a lot more intense
than uh on the switch system feels very
satisfying it does it does uh but you
know it's not going to be at that full
intensity the whole time you're playing
a game it's you know they'll save that
maximum intensity for certain moments
where it makes
sense all right so it's weak or strong
and the maximum power won't be constant
so you get that variation which is going
to be you know very interesting
especially on how different uh
experiences or games apply and use the
HD Rumble to and how you can you know
get that
experience uh and this part is telling
us about where they're located so you
can see that orange rectangle down there
at the bottom and they've been designed
to transmit the sensation directly no
matter how you're holding them I think
this is interesting we get a little like
blown out view of the different
components of the
controller and they've located in the
spot on that spot on the back on that
last piece on the right uh and that's
because that's the part that has the
most contact with your hand while you're
holding the system so you can kind of
see right right down here yeah it's
really thoughtfully designed where like
the bulk of your hand contacts the
controller mhm
and these are those little design
insights that you don't always get to
see with Nintendo products exactly um
outside of something like an ask the
developer article where you get a little
bit more of the designer's thinking um
there's a lot of that featured in in
Nintendo switch to welcome to it yeah
all right so let's make our way down
here we're going to go to this little
Cube over here cube with a little 01 on
it we're going to talk to this
person and they're going to tell us this
is a tech demo so this isn't like a mini
game per se uh but we'll jump in here
this is going to be about that HD Rumble
2 function so we're going to see what
it's capable of and what it's
like for those at you at home you what
you'll see is what we're seeing but
Dutch here is actually able to feel the
experience of the HD Rumble 2 so again
just to reinforce that it you really
need to get hands on to really get the
full experience yeah we could try and
communicate the feeling as best we can
but really this is something you got to
get your get in your hands yeah all
right so we see we've got our little
checklist of things that we can do on
the side on the right side and if we
check off everything on that list then
we'll get a metal that's a little
silhouette there uh and then we can use
that to unlock other parts of the game
so let's hop in so I've got my Maracas
here uh can kind of shake them around
and right now um you know I'll uh
obviously you're watching us so you
don't have them in your hands but I'll
try to describe it for you so we've got
kind of like a light uh uh it feels like
there's like
tiny like plasticky things inside it's
like kind of a dry feeling I guess if
that makes sense actually feel the beads
that we're seeing on screen yeah I can
feel it and then let's see so we've got
uh we see on the bottom we can change
from beads to a rubber ball so I'm going
to change that on the left one and like
you can feel it bounce around and I know
I know it doesn't make sense to say this
but it feels heavier like obviously
pushing the button doesn't make the
controller heavy heavier but
like when I bounce it side to side it
feels like uh like the bouncing is like
stiffer and like maybe a little it feels
like bouncy yeah feels like it's made of
rubber but I think you know in the in
the right joyon there you can you can
feel that there are many individual
objects in there all bouncing around and
you get a sense of the texture of that
like you were saying they feel kind of
hard right whereas in the left joycon
you you can feel that it's made of
rubber it's it's got a bounce to it yes
all right and then uh let's see I'll
change it back to this and then the last
thing on our list is to change the
appearance and change that one very very
festive here nice getting the rhythm of
things y all
right so we got our metal we finished
everything on our checklist so let's go
ahead and hop out
here uh and let's go let's go over here
okay so we see uh I can just open that
back up again so we can take a look we
got this kid kid here who wants to tell
us about his 10 medals good bragging
rights there uh open this up here so we
can see up at the top we're in the tech
demo section so we did this one uh we've
got our metal for it here so right now
you're exploring the left joycon 2 right
yeah all of this is on the left wayon 2
let's go around here and talk to this
person who wants to tell us
about the HD Rumble 2 function so this
is a mini game so we just saw Tech demo
before this one is an actual mini game
game uh and we're going to try to use
the HD Rumble 2
function to find a single point on the
screen so let's see so uh this one also
uses the mouse control so I'm just going
to put the joycon 2 controller flat down
on the surface and I'm going to click it
to get started all right so we see the
orange dot in the middle there and my
job here is to move this orange dot
along a single line here and as I got
close to the hidden Point here I'm going
to start feeling the vibration in the
controller so it's I'm starting to get
it over here on this side I've got
nothing there's nothing over there I'm
going to move it this way it's starting
to get a Little Bit Stronger it's kind
of like a pulsing kind of like a d d d d
and as I get closer the speed doesn't
change it's just the intensity of the
rumble so so you're trying to find the
point where you feel the strongest
Rumble yeah so I think uh it's starting
to fade off on this side gets pretty
strong right in here and then it's
starting to fade off a little bit on
this side I'm going to go right
here all right all right that's okay
that's okay 62 is not bad not good
enough for a metal though so try it
again try again you could see those
measurement markers on the top and
bottom of the screen and and that gives
you an indication of just how close and
how precise you can get with this it's
almost like trying to find the right
radio signal right I just say too it's
not like a it's like a gradient like I
can't really distinguish like oh yeah
this is this is level one vibration this
is level two it's like very gradual and
I'm thinking I'm feeling like right in
here maybe yeah I'm think I'm going to
say right here on this little
intersection right here o nice that was
very close
ho nicely done I'll get me good very
good all right so let's go ahead and
back out of here that's just one example
of a mini game one one thing I didn't
think about until a lot later is that a
lot of people are familiar with using a
mouse on a computer right but you don't
have Rumble in your mouse on a computer
so like the the sensation of using a
mouse with Rumble in it is very
different than using just a traditional
computer mouse yeah it kind of opens up
a whole new like type of input that you
can use when you're using Mouse controls
game yeah uh so we see here we've uh
opened up a another level of difficulty
for this mini game but we need eight
medals to access it and we can see in
the upper left hand corner we only have
three so we can't go to that one right
now but the experience definitely
encourages you to keep exploring and
then come back and see what's open up
yeah and you can see by the metal counts
that there's there's a lot to explore
yeah
yeah all right so here's another mini
game that focuses on the mouse controls
I'm going to hop in here and this one is
all about dodging the spike balls I'm
going to take the left one off cuz this
gets pretty intense here
uh all right so let's start this one
starts off in survival mode so I'm
basically just trying to dodge the spike
balls for as long as I can uh and again
mouse control so I just set the joycon 2
controller down on the table and hop in
so I've got my little spaceship here and
I'm just flying this spaceship around
with my mouse controls and I just got to
stay out of the way it's easy right oh
well let's see
Dutch so the longer you survive the more
intense it seems to be getting but also
they they don't let you get too
comfortable
in all right they don't let you get too
comfortable in any one place if you stay
in the same place for too long the spike
balls will start hunting you down yeah
it's almost like they're magnetized
towards you and they just want to end
you that's how it feels so I'm glad that
you Justified my feelings by pointing
that
out okay oh boy I believe when you D she
got
this
who you've already beaten your previous
time all right we got
the so the longer that you survive the
more obstacles get added so the
challenge keeps going get out of
here nice work nice work I mean it is
really responsive uh so like you can
kind of you can get yourself out of some
pretty sticky situations here who
Serpentine
Serpentine all right oh nice
work the red
so now we got the red oh no oh but you
did it you got all three nicely we got
medals I'm sweating all right all right
well that's uh yeah that's a little
taste of it here so then uh let's take a
look so we got those three
medals so now we have five medals
total we've got six oh six oh okay
uh six he say he has 15 so all right
let's go he keeps hunting you down just
to brag how many metals he has yeah um
all right so we have enough Metals now
to access to the next level of
difficulty here that unlocks with two
medals so it's the same concept I'm
going to be flying my little uh UFO
around but instead of just survival this
time the objective is to pick up as many
stars as I
can
um so let's jump in
here so we can see over here uh for one
One Medal we going for 20 for two medals
we got to get 40 so let's see what we
can do good luck thank
you I believe in you you just got warmed
up in the last round yeah you got to get
these first ones that's the low hanging
fruit
here but then eventually you got to kind
of risk risk it a little bit to pick up
some of these other ones yeah sometimes
these Stars will appear right on top of
the spike ball and it's pretty precise
you can you can get just into the corner
of it and collect the star without
hitting the spike ball it's a little bit
of strategy too cuz sometimes it's just
not worth it just go
for but the longer the longer you stick
around the progressively more difficult
it
[Music]
gets that got hard both of them nice all
right oh man that's intense uh well I
can sit here playing this one all day
and I have before but yeah they're like
they're like arcade experiences where
you just want to keep playing and get a
higher and higher score
yeah and for this one you were using um
just one Mouse but later these these
mini games get progressively more
difficult and later they introduced
using two at the same time and that
broke my brain when I had to do it for
the first time cuz like you're you're
used to using a computer mouse right
with your dominant hand but when you
have to use two at the same time there's
something happen it's a test of I hand
coordination at maximum and we did
unlock another level of difficulty there
but we need 29 medals for that one we're
not even close so let's go ahead and
come over here and we're going to make
our way to area B uh and this person is
going to check and make sure that we've
got all our stamps you get the stamps
from finding the hidden um sign boards
right and I should mention that we we're
coming into this segment with some
pre-existing save data where a lot of
that stuff had already been collected a
lot of those stamps been collected
you'll when you when you experience the
game for yourself you'll need to do all
that on your own correct so we but we're
starting fresh here so all the sign
boards are hidden we got to go looking
for him so we can find maybe something
down here we can see the air intake on
the lower left over here get my stamp
here there's a nice little satisfying
vibration with that effect there oh this
is fun a nice little personal ice
skating
ring let's make our way over to the
other side here cuz I do want to take a
peak uh let's come over here we'll take
a look at the
map so we'll open this up and you kind
of get an overview so on the on the map
menu on the left side we've got all the
stamps so over here we can see all the
ones that are unlocked on the the left
joycon 2 controller where we were and
you can get a a little bit of an idea of
just how much there is to do here mhm
right Tech demos this is the one we saw
we got a couple on this map that we can
see on this
area uh the mini games that we saw with
the dodging the spike balls and
everything and then over here uh these
are the insights so that's the sign
boards where we learned about the HD
Rumble 2 and then this is the map of the
each area so the left joycon 2 and then
this is the the main console area right
here yeah there's a huge checklist of
items to go and explore but also for
those that are completionists like
myself I'm I'm definitely going to go
through try to get all of those checked
off so this is new for Nintendo switch 2
yeah the microphone yeah built-in
microphone right here and has some uh
like noise cancelling features
here and so right now we're just
scratching the surface we're just
exploring on the top level but at some
point you'll also be able to explore
inside as well cuz you could see that
elevator on the side
mhm and then one other nice feature of
the hardware here is this USB port uh
USB type-c connector on the top of the
system so you can use that to charge uh
the system when you're playing in
tabletop mode uh uh or you to connect
other accessories and stuff so it's nice
to have that second port on the top of
the system uh but now let's make our way
over here to this Tech demo we're going
to take another look this is a fun one
because we've talked about how this
system is capable of outputting 4K
resolution uh
images uh and this is a fun Tech demo
for kind of showing like maybe thinking
about what that means in a different way
it's like a novel way of of showcasing
what 4K is uh cuz you can look at like a
you know beautiful high resolution image
and it looks nice but what if you took
something really familiar for a lot of
us uh like world one one from the Super
Mario BR game mhm uh for NES and what if
you mapped that entire level onto a 4K
screen pixel for Pixel like got the
whole thing on uh what would that look
like I should mention we are streaming
this in 4k so if you if you can yeah
please watch this on a on a 4K display
there are a lot of small details that
you that you won't able to uh appreciate
without watching on a 4K display and as
this uh particular experience is
specifically centers on the 4K output of
Nintendo switch 2 um to to enjoy this
experience you will need to have a 4K
display in order to play this that being
said there's still a lot of experiences
that you can play without a 4K most all
of the experiences yeah you can play
without a 4K display okay so here we are
so tiny I honestly have trouble seeing
this
uh so yeah so the the um the pixel
resolution of the um of the original NES
system was 256 pixels wide on the
display so what would what would that
look like if you mapped the original art
that was drawn for Super Mario Brothers
to a 4K display without scaling it and
4K resolution is
3,840 pixels wide so you can see as
Dutch is progressing in the stage it's
uh the Playfield is widening there and
we can fit you know the entirety of
super I'm sorry not super yes uh Mario
Super Mario Brothers world one one on
the on one screen I'm like squinting
right now so tiny it is both an
impressive feat to see this entire level
mapped out on the screen but also
impressive to see Dutch able to complete
it well don't jinx me I'm trying not to
it's words of encouragement it is
remarkably small but this this just goes
to show how many pixels 4K represents
we've come a long way since the NES yeah
so we can see the entire level fits on a
single screen at
4K all right so we got our checklist we
didn't finish all the things on our
checklist but that's okay we didn't get
our metal uh I'm just going to have to
live live with that that's for the folks
at home to experience it once they they
get a chance to all right so let's see
what else what else we want to take a
look at here
maybe this is this is another fun
experience here that's a that's a frame
rate mini game oh yeah you can see the
yeah you can see the ball changing its
frame
rate all right but we have uh some
homework to do some uh some assignments
so let's go ahead and make our way back
to the quiz Teresa did kind of half
promise us a quiz at the end I want that
quiz so we're going to come back here to
our original quiz kiosk and talk to this
person
uh and they're going to give us a quiz
about the insights that we saw earlier
about the HD Rumble 2
function all right question number one
which part of the console is shown in
the image so we saw earlier it is not HD
Rumble it HD Rumble 2 that's right cuz
HD Rumble was part of the Nintendo
switch but since we are talking about
the Nintendo switch 2 it is HD Rumble 2
so how does the weight used for the HD
Rumble 2 feature move it spins around
shakes from side to side it shakes up
and down or it stretches and shrinks and
we saw in the original like the older
Hardware it would spin around on kind of
an axis yeah think about how the rumble
on like a Nintendo GameCube controller
worked that was the more the spinning
style but this one we saw in this little
animation here it shakes from side to
side on kind of like that coil like a
weight on a
coil question the third which of the
following is true of the strength of the
HD Rumble feature it's always question
royalty the third it's always weak or it
can be either strong or weak well if you
remember from the uh experience that you
did earlier where you were kind of
sweeping the frequency it it increased
or decreased in intensity the closer the
further away you got from that point
that's funny it never occurred to me to
do this with the mouse controls but
there we go all right there you go but
yeah that will allow for variation in
your
experience all right I can do mouse
controls for this one too all right in
the joycon 2 controllers uh what are the
HT Rumble two parts attached to the
plastic on the front number one the
middle part number two or the plastic on
the back or they're not attached to
anything they're just hovering in space
they're just loose in there um yeah and
we remember we saw this is number three
it's kind of on this little waffley area
down there waffle I think that's the
technical term the waffle wa
area uh and it's located there because
that's the part that has the most
contact with your hand where it's going
to be held so that's where you're going
to feel it the most so we're going to
say three plastic on the back let's see
how we did
hey we did it
100% there a little bit all right and so
just to recap really quick we saw some
insights here that are associated with
the quiz those are spread all over the
the hardware uh we saw a tech demo with
the Maracas that highlighted the HD
Rumble 2 feature we saw some mini games
that use the mouse controls and the HD
Rumble and there's a lot more content uh
all over the map you know we saw this uh
this map here you can see all the
different spots that there are to
explore so there's a lot more that we
didn't see and you can kind of see the
you know the completion uh percentage
for each section so we we're just
scratching the surface here exactly cuz
again like there's so much more to
explore there's so much more to just
experience and you'll even be able to
get inside the console to learn even
more as Sam mentioned it's like you get
to get those Dev insights in the palm of
your hand literally so and you might
think that you know everything there is
to know about Nintendo switch 2 because
it looks so familiar to Nintendo switch
but the even things that existed on
Nintendo switch like HD Rumble have been
redesigned for Nintendo switch 2 so
there's a lot of new stuff to learn yeah
for sure well thank you again guys so
much for walking us through and thanks
everyone for tuning in at home getting a
little bit of the experience of Nintendo
switch to welcome tour uh next up is
drag and drive uh this segment has been
recorded previously but we're going to
air it to you live uh so just stay tuned