[Music]
Hello.
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
Goes from beyond the pond.
The seed is
[Music]
sits. May it guide me before I again. We
wonder and shape the path to meet
again
[Music]
horizon. The wind is calling your name.
A whisper of the sauce will never leave
[Music]
you. Collect your silver
tears and pray they disappear tomorrow.
and are to
combine. The light is yours.
The darkest knows our
[Music]
desisp will never leave us.
[Music]
Collect your silver
tears and praise that we are here
[Music]
tomorrow. You hear the call.
[Music]
The weird is calling my name. I whisper
on the soul will never leave
me. Collect your silver
tears. Pray I reappear tomorrow.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Another
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Let's go.
[Music]
Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Hallelujah.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Yeah.
[Music]
I told you.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Hello. Oh, you
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
It goes from beyond. Beyond the
past the seed is
[Music]
sits. May it guide before I again we
wonder and shape the path to meet
again
[Music]
horizon. The wind is calling your name.
A whisper of the sauce will never leave
[Music]
you. Collect your silver
tears. A pray they disappear
tomorrow. The light it shows.
The darkest knows our tears and
spirits haunt the restless
mind but seek to find we'll meet again.
Can't you hear
them? The wind is calling your name. A
whisper of the sauce will never leave
us.
[Music]
Collect your silver
tears and pray that we are here
[Music]
tomorrow. You hear the call.
[Music]
The weird is calling my name. I whisper
on the souls will never leave
me. Collect your silver
tears. Pray I reappear tomorrow.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Applause]
[Music]
Starting with a
[Music]
whisper. I know I find it hard to lose.
Counting down
hours, but I'll take way this time and
night. I've been here before a million
times. Cutting between the truth and the
lies. Can't hold me down for a
minute, but doesn't kill
me. Makes me
stronger.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Oh, that makes me
[Music]
stronger. Makes me
stronger.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
Heat up here.
[Music]
[Music]
Welcome ladies and gentlemen. comment to
LCK 2025 and back to the LCK road show
in so on. You thought maybe yesterday
was going to be the only road show we
had. No, it absolutely is not. KT
Homecoming is upon us. Can T1 get
revenge in the telecom war in a road
show? Because KT were able to take them
down on their home turf in Goang earlier
on and so now it is obviously T1's
chance to do so as well. I feel like as
well that was more of an upset than I
feel like even today would be. You know,
if KT was to beat T1 today, based on the
standings, yes, that would be an upset,
but based on recent performance. Yeah, I
don't know. Let's have a look at those
standings, shall we? As T1 did move to
five and four, putting themselves at
fourth place, unable to catch up to
Nongshim, who have played an extra game
as we can see there, wanting to equalize
with their score line. And this time, if
they win, they do move to third place.
KT on the other hand desperately trying
to move towards the legend group and
right now not looking like they stand
much of a chance of doing so. Yeah, you
can say they're trying to rise in the
standings. Ah, to the occasion. Yeah,
suan. Um, which is what they're doing as
they are of course hosting T1 today in
the KT homecoming. And this is actually
going to be really important for both of
these teams, but I think for KT
especially to put their best foot
forward here in round two and actually
find some success and some consistency,
which they have been searching for. We
know they've been searching for it and
uh they've never been able to find it in
the entire time that this organization
has existed. Yeah, I mean definitely
not. But I feel like, you know, with
regards to how the season's been going
so far, obviously it's a really long
season, but we are looking towards the
MSI qualifier and also making it into
Legend of Rise group. This series could
be a big turning point for these teams.
You know, KT having some better
performances recently and T1 really uh
falling off the horse a bit in recent
matches. So, both teams hoping to come
out of here with a win and hopefully set
a positive trajectory going forwards.
Yep. And there are some milestones to
check out here as well as of course BDD
only needs two kills to get himself to
2.5k. And owner and Gumushi currently
sitting at 398 games played each and so
they could both reach the n the eighth
and ninth in jungle and 80 carry
position to reach 400 uh games which is
kind of massive. And the fact that these
players in my mind especially still seem
like the new blood in the
LCK. It's 400 games. They are really
like there's only been 38 other players
that have been able to make that as here
it is May 4th. Um we have one day before
it's children's day here in Korea and
apparently these uh these kids will grow
up to become pro players for KT. And now
we have to guess which one is which.
Orcs over to
you from top to support. Oh and so uh we
need to guess casting first. Who is
casting? This is so hard. This is
extremely difficult. Um,
hang on. Hang on. Hang on. Okay, there
he is. Okay, so we found Casting.
Did we? No, I don't think we did. I
think we I know now. I know now because
there's a name underneath. Um, let's
find CS. Let's find CS. Surely. Bottom
left. Bottom left in my No, no. Top
left. Top left. Top left. Top right. Top
right. Top left. Yes, that was the last
one that I said. Okay. Right. So, I got
one right. Sort of. You're doing great
at this. Two out of sort of kind of two
out of two so far, right, Max? Oh, man.
Yeah, this is hard. Okay. Uh, let's and
let's go. BDD BD. There he is in the
middle. We just We're out of sync. We're
off time. We're just We knew it. We're
just slow. All right. Doc bottom left.
Sure. There we go. And uh Yeah. Okay.
Can you get the last one? Who? I think
Peter might be top left. Oh, that that
is Peter. Okay. Yeah, we should have
honestly we like Peter was the easiest
one. It would be really good to have
like had that one first cuz Okay, here
is
T1. Okay, top side of the map, Doran.
Which one is he?
Uh I find like the
bottom I know who top right is. Okay,
well that's good. That doesn't help. Uh
bottom bottom left bottom left. Bottom
left. Okay. Oh, absolutely nailed it.
Okay, owner. Who are you? I
think top
left. Top left is owner. See whether we
can. No, it's not. Okay. Um, who is
Faker? Cuz I kind of thought middle top.
What do you think? Top left. Yeah. Okay,
got that. There we go. Top left is
Goomer and top right is Carrier. That
one's Carrier is the easiest. Yeah,
Carrier still looks the same, which is
kind of crazy.
Otherwise, it's pretty close. I actually
find it's so difficult. And I was
actually because we were asked to bring
in some photos of ourselves, it's a bit
of a spoiler for the future. Um, but if
you showed me a picture of me as a child
and like ask me to guess whether that
was me, I'd say no. Um, so it's uh it's
a difficult one. I know that you guys at
home probably did way better than we
did. Um, but let us know in which
Yeah. Um, let's welcome T1 though to the
road show here in Suon KT's homecoming.
These guys will be the challengers on
KT's turf, I guess you could say. And
we'll see whether they can return the
favor. KT were able to do in Goan a
little while
back. And I imagine there's probably a
fair few T1 fans in the audience here
today. Despite the fact that this is
theoretically something that's put on by
KT, I don't think the fandom advantage
is quite going to be there.
And to be fair, you know, does fandom
advantage always help as we saw in the
last road show when there was about a
billion T1 fans? That is a good point.
That is a good point as now KT going to
make their way out. I love this pan
actually as Casting going to be leading
the charge here. Oh, look at that. A bit
of pizzazz for the young man. I'll also
say the jerseys, this year's jerseys for
KT looks so sick.
Yep. I love focusing on the things that
are cool about KT that has nothing to do
with whether or not they're going to win
or lose. It really does help. Yeah, it's
the best angle.
Yeah, we got cheerleaders as well. Man,
it's like going to a baseball game.
They're going all out. They're going all
out. And I feel like as well, you know,
obviously for the more experienced
players, they might be more used to
situations like this, but you can see
casting having a great time.
Yeah, cuz now going to make his way out.
definitely has changed from when he was
a small boy has grown into the fine
young man that he is today. We'll see
whether he is going to uh have a more uh
consistent performance here this time
around. I think there has been a little
bit of valid criticism for this man. Um
but the Chinese letters that you can see
on the front of this jersey we just got
word is actually Suon in Chinese
characters which is kind of awesome. So
these are like the the jerseys for this
particular event which is dope.
I feel like so much hinges on how well
KZ is going to play today. Oh yeah, of
course lost his spot on T1 to Owner as
well back in the day. Yeah, I think for
me, you know, at the start of the year
when I looked at this roster, I'm like
it's cousin BDD. These are the driving
forces of this team and now you're like
it's BD. Well, I think and Peter when
they've still had good performances,
these two have really shined, but it's
it hasn't been as consistent as maybe
we'd hoped. Um, but BDD really still
trying his best. You know, put in a lion
share the effort last year to try to get
in the world. Unfortunately, lost to T1
in that game five and T1 went on to win
the whole thing. Uh, obviously we talked
about revenge for the last road show. I
think that one is going to sit on BDD's
mind for a while. So, looking for
revenge for that. There's a lot sitting
on BDD's mind. I'm not going to lie to
you. Um, there's quite a few of these
moments where he's made it just so far,
but not quite far enough. 2021 World
Semi-finals obviously sticking pretty
starkly in a lot of our minds. I think
that was BD's peak as far as his
performance was concerned and
unfortunately didn't quite have the team
around him. Speaking of his team, Dr.
Darm going to be making his way out
next. bit of a grin on his face and
there has been a lot of criticism
towards this player and let's see
whether he can indeed silence the
doubters here today because when he made
his way back into the roster after
spending some time in challenger even
earlier on he did look reinvigorated he
did look a little bit better and then
quickly that uh newfound form kind of
fell away.
Yeah, difficult task as well today, you
know, going up against a pretty strong
bot lane. I think everyone would agree.
Uh, and particularly at the moment, I
feel like bot lane has had such an
important role in the meta. A lot of
playing around priority and be able to
move and obviously uh T1 bot lane no
strangers to leaning into that. But, uh,
Peter, I think it's really been a
shining light for the KT roster in
recent matches. Had some great
performances on things like the Nico,
you know, obviously you've seen him
before on Nong Shim. Oh, with the hype
energy. Oh man, I swear like KT needed
this man. And that's no shade against
Weey. They just needed someone to pump
them up, to hype them up, to make the
plays. And that is absolutely what Peter
does. My god, is he living this energy
right now in this crowd. Let's be real.
When he was on Nong Shim, was the team a
top team? No. But did they have
impeccable vibes? Absolutely. Oh yeah.
And that is what he is bringing to the
table and some great engage play as
well. But uh yeah, the the vibes were
needed and uh Peter was absolutely
bringing that to Could you not feel him
like absorbing the energy of the arena
as he was walking in as well? I can feel
it now. It's emanating from We're not
even in Suan and I can feel it from
here. Yep.
100%. My god. Okay. See whether the
power of Peter can actually get KT over
the line here today against T1. A T1
that has been flailing, that has been
struggling, but maybe today is going to
find some redemption in the telecom war.
It's normally a time where we see
change. It's normally a time where we
see the great sort of difference maker
in the season. It's interesting because
it can happen both ways, right? It can
be the downfall or it can be the
uprising of one of these teams. And
sometimes T1 uses this as a springboard
to get back into form and other times
the struggles continue and KT kind of
springboards off them. It is like a
leaprogging type matchup between these
two squads and I think obviously you
know for the longest time we've hyped up
this as an important matchup because it
has been important match up but you
always wonder how much is it get to the
players and I think it does rest on the
mind of def especially when it's at a
road show in an environment like this
there is that added pressure and uh I
think both teams have had their issues
and will likely want to have be able to
come out of this feeling refreshed have
a clean slate going forward in the LCK.
I would agree. So on convention setter
definitely very full up right now. But
I'm just looking forward to getting into
these games or
because I just I just have so many
questions. There's so many questions
that I need answered by both of these
squads. What is the what is the Jace
look going to be today? You know, Doran
was on the list of Jace uh unsuccessful
players. I was going to say a different
word. Just didn't feel right at the
time. Yeah. And there's a there's sort
of a lot of questions that need
answering. I don't know whether Casting
is necessarily the guy that's going to
be able to put him down. And I think
that if Doran finds himself in an okay
matchup, he can run away with games.
It's just that he is often seen as a
weak point here to
uh to T1. this guy in the mid lane, not
so much of that uh that weak point. But
I like the fact that you've got Doc Dum
on the other side with a grin on his
face and see whether the woes of Gumushi
and Carrier are going to continue or not
because these are two players that have
been known as our best bottom duo but
have been dying a lot. Yeah. In 2v2s.
Yeah. I mean again, you know, when you
play against the top teams, when you
play against the Gen G's and the HLES of
the league, definitely it can be rough.
You know, you can get beaten around a
little bit. But I think the reason we've
been so concerned about T1 is, you know,
some of the lower ranking teams really
taking uh some big opportunities to
punish them, getting some kills in lane,
uh really making them suffer. So hoping
for a rebound. I think the person that
everyone can agree has been in the best
form for T1 has been Owner. Oh yeah. Uh,
not even a question. Uh, but he is
really being the driving force for this
team. And I think Cuz needs to step up
if he's going to be able to match up
into him. I think that's pretty fair to
say. Uh, if owner is able to run the
rift, that is what where T1 is going to
find victory. Yep, I would agree. And
it's kind of interesting, right? Because
you think about the list of the best
performing players like the top three in
the LCK right now. That is Chovi Zas and
owner by a country mile. Like it is
massive like how much these players all
impact their teams as now it is time to
get into the draft here for game number
one. Time to figure it out. See which of
these telecon teams is going to come out
on top as the Varys is going to be
banned away first. The YA to be taken
off the board here. Y kind of a
quizzical ban for the red side. Maybe T1
with some tricks up their sleeve. H
interest to think about. Uh but yeah,
Tia coming through not too uncommon. I
think the priority for Tia has risen a
decent amount. You know, those picks
like Ahri, uh Azir definitely high
priority, but this potentially makes me
think KT might go for that first pick in
this situation. So, we'll see if T1 end
up banning it third right now. The
Clifter still up and available. Uh but
also, I was going to say no top laners.
Gwen now gone. Jay's still available.
So, T1, Juban J. Jan is here. You leave
them both open. Juban Kistister and look
to trade. We'll see what they opt for in
this situation. They ban Kalista. Oh,
but now, so this is really interesting,
right? Because I feel like KT very happy
to pick something like an Azir, but the
Zen Zouo is also up. So Ona can get
arguably his best champion, but Rumble
is also there. Huge scream from the
crowd here as BD is going to lock in his
signature champion which is also Faker's
signature champion along with a lot of
other champions that I think he's
allowed to have a lot of signatures
given the fact that he is the goat by a
decent margin. I think you just go I was
going to say uh Jace Zenzou in this
situation but instead opting for Rumble
Zenzho. So KT will presumably take the J
side off the matchup
uh and
maybe look to secure their jungler as
well with Z gone. We've seen often uh
the tank you pick a tank jungling trait,
you could pick a nefarious but instead
going for the Jin, denying that away
from
Goomba and then going for the Gallo into
the Rumble instead of the Jace. But
obviously we've seen this match quite a
few times pretty solid into it and also
just the skirmishing power very
effective. This opens the door for a C
cuz VGO angle as well. It's what it kind
of feels like to me. I mean, you could
I'm not so convinced it's the right
call, but uh you could go the VGO. He
was very good on the champion. He was um
I agree with you. The paperman situation
is still definitely a thing.
Ari comes in uh for Faker in this
situation. Faker signature champion.
There we go. Oh, the signature. Yeah, T1
pretty happy with the top side in this
situation. Uh and now KT have the
opportunity to ban away 80 carries if
they want to. Uh having secure the ro,
but looking instead at the support role.
They've taken away a Kan with a Poppy
band. I think it was, you know,
potentially freeing up Carry to take
that. I think an Alistister ban final uh
would be pretty good for KT. Yeah, I
wouldn't mind it. I think uh T1 probably
wanting to pick uh support last. So
getting rid of the sort of just
generally very strong champions is
probably a good idea. Nefury though is
going to go away. So no doggos because I
think a good ban and then here I think
KT you have to ban. We've seen so much
Alistister on four. I think ban that
away and now with the fact that
Alistar's gone I think T1 you just take
an AD carry here and go for counter pick
and support
going to be here for Gushi. Maybe do did
they just pick Zia? They could do that.
The recan band away though does make it
feel less appealing. Yeah I'm not as
convinced of Z into this KT composition.
Oh, the Lucian. Looking to pick up the
Lucian. Yeah. So, potential for like a
Lucian Braum if KT pick uh just a
standard engage champion like Nordlos
Leona. Uh so, we'll see what they opt to
go for here. Still need to secure their
jungler though. Uh and we've seen, you
know, there's still like the Seduani,
the Scarnner up, which we haven't been
as convinced by. Uh sorry, the Scarnner
we haven't been convinced by. Seduani
has been pretty strong. But it looks
like it might just be that VGO. Yeah, if
you are going the VGO, I feel like you
need an engage support to set up. They
will lock in the real first. Uh, and
that gives you set up kind of for your
Gallio as well. Looking to obviously ult
in on top. Will they just go for the VGO
is the question. I mean, I think it it
just feels like what Kuz would do. I
don't know whether it's a good thing. It
just as soon as I saw the Gallo lock in,
I'm like, "Oh, KZ has got an angle where
he can argue that there's a tank in the
top lane, so I can play Viego." And that
is what he's going to do here.
away. I personally think like a Wukong
or a Pantheon would have gone uh pretty
hard in this situation
and the Braum comes through to pair with
Lucian. I think out of their engage
supports available, I think Re was a
good pickup because I think Leona and
Nless have a worse time into Braum.
Yeah. And it was pretty telegraphed. Uh
but yeah, so I think you know the real
pretty important to the side of KT. I
think they're happy with their lane
matchups um overall, but T1's team
fighting pretty powerful. uh and a lot
of skirmish power as well. The the brawn
zenzalucian that trio really powerful
with how those two very quickly stack up
the bum passive. So something to be
cautious about especially before Kuz has
ultimate. I think you really need to be
uh a bit careful of how those skirmishes
go. And also Jin Jin into bum feels
really sad if he blocks one of your
fourth shots. It's so much damage
mitigated and then you're fumbling with
the bullets. You're trying to reload.
Not to mention the curtain call can be
somewhat nullified by the fact that a
guy is standing in front of the
squishies with a huge door. And so
Carrier certainly a lot on his
shoulders. Feels like there often is as
we load onto the rift for T1 matches.
And there is a lot of power especially
the top side of the map here for T1. But
you could argue that KT came away with
the champions that they wanted to play.
Whether it is actually good is a big
question. But you know that Cuz is very
happy to be playing Viego. BDD on Azir
Taylor as old as time as here we go.
Happy Children's Day everyone. And we'll
see whether these fine young gentlemen
can come away with a win. See which ones
are going to do. So let's get into it.
Yeah.
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
My goodness. I think that was the first
time in my entire life that I've heard a
KT chant be louder than a T1 chant. And
I can't even blame being on a certain
side of L Park because there is no one
else in here. Um it is it is just us. So
it's it's just Suan and those
microphones. Maybe the microphone was
closer to the KT side. Maybe there's
some something slanderous going. There
was a lot of KT fans there. There was
definitely a lot of KT fans there, which
makes sense. KT is hosting. Obviously,
it is the KT homecoming in uh in the LCK
road show. I think uh someone who said
for the KT composition is they have a
pretty solid range advantage over T1.
So, I I think if T1 do start to fall
behind, it becomes difficult to find
angles in, especially cuz in terms of
engage, it's it's engage brawn, baby.
Yeah, not as convinced by that. So, I
think honestly coming out of draft, I
think both teams uh have ways to play,
ways to find advantages. I think maybe
for me KTX actually has a bit of an
edge, but uh we'll see how it ends up
playing out. The problem for me is that
it feels like there's a lot of comfort
for T1. I think a lot of people have had
some criticism of Doran's rumble, but we
know that he is very happy to play it
regardless. And so with Owner and Faker
on Ari Zindal, that's where I'm seeing a
lot of strength for T1. If Ona has a
good champion, generally you feel pretty
good. I think that's the main thing as
well. We talked about the Ona Co match
up, how CO needs to have a really good
game, uh, really good series. Owner on
Zenzho with how powerful this pick has
been. Definitely something to be feared.
Yeah, you see Dr. taking a lot of
piercing lights um, but not getting hit
by the winter's fight, which is very,
very important. Both teams making it to
level two at the same time. You can feel
that they're getting antsy, though. See
whether anything more is going to
happen. really good uh use of the queue
from Gumushi to make sure he's getting
as much poke damage down in this lane
and even the player cams the children
now. Oh my goodness. And I love that we
get the most obvious ones as well, the
Peter carriers. Yeah. What is it with
support players and not necessarily
changing that much as they grow up? I
know. You got to look into it. I mean,
you know, I'm a support player. Yeah.
What did you look like as a baby? Maybe
you'll get a C later today. Did you
still have the beard when you were born?
I did not. Oh, okay. So that would be a
difference. Yeah, that would be a
difference
for me. I was bright blonde when I was a
kid.
Yeah, like full golden hair. Wow.
I was uh I was I was a cute little boy
and then something went wrong.
Having a look there of course is here
getting uh the better end of this
matchup so far as Faker going aggressive
after clearing out the wave. SpeedD
dodging the charm. There you go. There's
the uh the road show buff. Oh, actually
Faker could be in trouble. Oh no. Stun
comes through from K. And even if Faker
doesn't die here, this is really
problematic. Still a lot of damage
coming on through. Charm going to
connect and Faker does make it out.
Still going to have to blow that
teleport a little bit early. And Owner
actually sneaking in here will be able
to take the crab. I think honestly it
could be a lot worse. The fact that he
still has TP uh and the fact that BDD is
very low on mana. BDD is probably going
to shove this in and reset. actually
owner showing up to try and help us out.
I think BD is completely fine here. He's
in Azir, but this essentially ensures
Faker has a pretty chill reset and has a
TP. Wow. Available. In fact, I think Ona
is actually is it going to help him push
the wave out or is Yeah, I think so. So,
if if Ona is able to come in and kind of
rescue the wave state after that first
gank from CO, Fake will TP back in and
ultimately as close as it was. Yeah. Uh
Faker fine after that gank regardless
actually. Okay. Sometimes if the jungler
comes in and just does a lot of damage
to your mid laner, can be problematic.
Thankfully able to mitigate it. It's the
type of gank I hate the most. You know
when Yeah. We've spoken about this one
before. It always bothers me. The worst
is when it's like a ni and like she
comes in lane with red buff and she
misses the spear and just autos you four
times. Yeah. And I'm just like get get
out of here. Yep. Stop it you silly cat.
As top side of the map casting actually
doing pretty well in this matchup. As we
know, uh, the Gallio has been picked
quite a lot into the Rumble in recent
times, and that is doing exactly that,
at least for the moment as Faker pushing
out yet another wave. Teleports in from
both of our mid laners. Great sideep
there from BDD once again gets a gasp
from the crowd. Feel like this mid lane
matchup is definitely going to be uh the
one the crowd is going to be most
excited about as Faker throwing a little
queue the wrong direction. Yeah, just
calibrating, you know. Yeah. Yeah.
Sometimes you just need to you need to
throw that orb away. That orb wasn't the
good one. If there's a team behind him
then he would have hit him. Is BDD
actually there or is he an apparition?
Cuz he's just not being hit by skill
shots. Yeah, that last little That last
one looked a little suspicious. Um maybe
a little high ground, low ground, even
though that doesn't really apply there,
but uh yeah, got to get the excuses out
of the way. We need to talk to you and
McGregor about it. That guy knows about
high ground and stuff. He absolutely
does. He's the expit. Yeah. Did that
come out in Korea as well? Wonder if we
could go and see Revenge of the Sith.
Uh, we could find this out. Yeah, the 20
20th anniversary or something like that.
Yeah. Yeah, Stars been around for a
while. Okay. Uh, KT now switching their
bottom lane towards the top side. Grub's
going to be coming up relatively soon.
Gushi continuing to get value with that
piercing light. There's Cuz on spawn,
ready to get over here, make something
happen. Peter, will he be able to clear
out this control ward? That's the
question. Uh well, I mean might have
been able to, but probably would have
died if he did. So yeah, may have seen a
situation where one grub picked up for
K, so he's happy just to walk away. Uh
Lucian putting some pressure down onto
the Jin. Thor actually taking a lot of
damage in this matchup, but still hasn't
really translated to any sort of farm
lead or anything like that. As Dr. Arm
does get a back off, he completes his
serrated Derk and will be running back
towards this lane. owner with a couple
of grubs after the first was secured by
KZ. So, no real big advantages being
taken yet, but T1 have naturally moved
to about a 500 gold lead with a large
amount of that being on Gumushi and the
amount of power that him and Carrier
have had in this bottom lane matchup
that is now on the top side of the map.
Yeah, we're able to force that reset
from Ductam there and able to pick up
some extra waves as a result. So, he has
an advantage. They're also actually
invading here to steal away the blue,
but I think Cous isn't too bothered. He
will just pick up the dragon in return.
The fact that you got that one grow from
in the first set. You got the dragon.
He's pretty happy with how things panned
out. And it being an ocean dragon, you
know, not often talked about. We've been
a lot more focused on souls, I feel, but
uh the first dragon ocean does actually
have a decent impact in lanes for extra
sustain. Yep. Because you're actually
laning uh at that point in time, which
is pretty handy. So, first dragon going
to go down. There is some partying going
on in Suon as well at the same time. You
absolutely love
that. Really does. It has that like the
baseball basketball vibe. Not that I've
ever been to like one of those
basketball games before, but I imagine
it's like a similar I did go to a
baseball game in Korea. Yeah, I missed
that one. And I can vouch, you know,
just the the vibes, the upbeat music,
you know, the chants and stuff like
that.
And we know that at least for KT on a
prior roster, they had their players go
to a baseball game as well because they
were there doing like they tuned in with
the cheerleaders and it was very funny.
Yes, that was peak. Yep. Very very good.
So now doing their own sort of thing as
BD was there. Death was there as well.
I'm pretty barrel. Yep. It was very cute
stuff as all right. Doran still looking
to try and cook Casting a little bit
here. Casting probably should have used
the chicken skin because he's getting
cooked so much here in this lane as K's
moving on down. Let's see whether the
Doran's going to be okay. Taunt comes
through. Winds of war are down. K's
unable to find any extra damage. Will
have to back away. Peter on the verge of
being stunned up by the concussive but
is otherwise going to be okay. And
Gumushi every time is hitting with these
Q's. Moves behind the minions as Dr. AR.
So he's going to stay alive for the
moment. But this is definitely T1
utilizing their advantage very very well
here on the top side
as one kind of being very annoying
whenever the grenade comes in just
shielding it. Uh you know it's not
really like it's not that much damage
but just constantly doing that every
time just means they're not getting
pressure back in return. Uh and you can
see constantly Dr. and Peter just on the
back foot in this lane match up. you
know, already almost a 600 gold lead in
favor of Goomba uh with no kills. Well,
BDD almost naturally able to grab
himself a uh a plate, but not quite able
to. You can say a one gold lead. Yeah,
he does have a one gold lead is uh that
is there. He could have almost made it a
100 gold lead um but wasn't able to. Now
is able to extend it a little bit
because he's able to get the shove in,
but a teleport from Faker will bring him
all the way back. back beauty with his
teleport coming up as well as they're on
the same timer and it is going to be the
rod of ages for the Ahri. Um we've seen
a little bit of a move away from this
people going more damage focus builds. I
will say though the catalyst is pretty
solid in lane and considering uh it's
been a little bit rough going up against
the Azir so far. I think maybe that
could be a reason for it or maybe just
appreciating that bulkiness when we do
get to those fights. Yep, I do respect
it. does mean that the Leandre that BD
is building first is going to find a
little bit more value. Oh yeah, that is
okay.
Casting back into lane and no real
advantages picked up from anywhere. So I
guess what we need to talk about is when
these teams are going to be strong and I
feel like T1 right now is looking like a
good moment as Faker wants to catch up
and pick up Peter. Deadly flourish
doesn't find the mark though and I think
this re is just dead. Teleport to come
in from the Rumble. There's a teleport
also from the Gallo that doesn't quite
work out, but that blast cone is working
out here. And do looking to try and turn
this. Good knock up onto Doran there as
a heroic entrance comes through. And now
the taunt will set up for the fourth
bullet. Doran still alive for so long as
they take down the Gallo. They get rid
of the VGO asi is caught and thrown in
under the turret, but they're unable to
kill him. Faker is still at such high
health and BDD hits the floor. T1 walk
away the huge victors in this fight and
Peter still wanting a little bit more
off the back end. Don't think they're
going to quite find it as deadly
flourish actually. Let's see whether can
do anything as owner going in one more
time. Dancing grenade value going to be
pretty high but not high enough as Peter
hits the deck as well. And so many low
health bars. The difference that there
could have been if CO was able to
survive a bit longer, get those resets.
It could have been a clean sweep for KT
after just the loss of their RA. But you
can see they kind of got baited in by
those little health bars. Yeah, look at
Gumushi now. He's 40 and one. But let's
have a look at this fight and how it all
happened. Yeah. So Peter, he kind of
tries to turn this into a fight, but he
just ends up going down before anyone's
really able to respond. They back away.
And you can see they're trying to chase
down uh the Jin trying to get duct, but
it's at this point the Gol comes in.
They're in this like alleyway for the
Jin to get so much value. And I think
unfortunately because just goes in a bit
too soon, gets focused down immediately
by Ona. I'd imagine this fight if that
uh was still alive. You know, it's a
great shuffle actually from PD to get
under the tower. But again, they see the
little health bars. They're thinking,
hey, we can finish them off. And they
just keep getting baited in again and
again. And the braw value is so high. It
just feels like one at a time. They're
getting concussive blows destroyed.
Concussive blows destroyed over and over
as this was just a bridge too far there
for KT wanting to find something in
amongst it. I also think getting baited
a good amount by some of the healing
that like the Zenzo and the AI have in
their kits and with the items but uh
yeah big fight as well one oh yeah
definitely upsanti on those dragons
being stacked up. Yeah, 401 Lucian
already is a big problem, I would say.
So, and KT did have some anti-ucution
things, you know, that they could
utilize to mitigate it. He's relatively
low range. They have catching him as
he's walking towards the brush as
Magnustorm is going to pull him ever
further. K's looking for an angle there.
Gumi just dashes his way out. Remember,
didn't have flash after being shoved
under the turret previously. I mean, I
think like the angle Peter found was
good, but like you need follow up and
when the only follow up is the Jin. He
wasn't even close. Oh, that equalizer
positioning absolutely fantastic there
by Doran as K not quite able to do
anything as Peter going to close in on
carrier but they lose their Gallio
already. The curtain has been called as
Gumishi taking a bit of damage but just
having to get out of there. PD wanting
to be the hero finds the empress divide
and they take down the Lucian. Shut down
comes in and now C has turned into a
very very powerful AD carry. It's just
not quite enough to be able to get
anything else done. And T1 still walk
away feeling better. Yeah, I mean I
think Bill's trade to get a shut down
onto the illusion was worth it, but
still a favorable play for T1. And it
feels like they're just finding
advantage after advantage in these
skirmishes playing around the power of
these auto attackers with the bum. You
can see Ona 3 and 0 and GMA 4 and one.
These two really the driving forces of
these fights. And here, look how
confident T1 are. They know they can
just start this. the equalizer
placement. Beautiful casting slowed so
heavily and then they try and focus on a
carrier but it's a braw. Yeah, he showed
them the door that he did and BD goes in
here again. I think the trade is fine
given that you do get a shut down, but
they were obviously hoping for more.
They're hoping, hey, we get the reset
utera and dor is too threatening for you
to go into. Yep. not even able to secure
the blue buff as well as Ona was able to
collect that for T1 as Cuz back at it
again and the gold leads starting to
really stack up here for T1 moving
towards 3 12,000 gold at 14 1/2 minutes
is no small amount and this comp is
going to feel more and more difficult to
play into at least for the next little
while. Yes, we mentioned things about KT
having decent range and things like
that, but I don't know whether the DPS
necessarily gets too difficult to deal
with later on in the game with an Azir
composition such as this with a Jin. I
think as well, you know, we talked about
maybe the lack of engage for T1. Um, but
when you're Zenzho can just charge in
and E onto people and there's just no
counter play cuz he's fed enough to be
tanky. Yeah. The game becomes really
difficult. There needs to be more threat
from KT and with how behind they are
right now, it is looking rough. It is
not looking too good. However, when
there are road shows like this, miracles
can indeed happen. And let's see whether
one of those is indeed going to be a
foot here today as KT looking to even
out the void grubs. We don't have any
feats of strength outside of the feats
of warfare that T1 have put together so
far. So, still looking for first turret
and still looking for these objectives.
This is not going to get anything for
anyone though as they've shared. Turret
likely to go down in the bot lane any
second. So T1 should be able to secure
those. I think Dor is just denying farm
as best he can. There it goes. Cool new
shoes now put together for T1.
Yeah, not a huge advantage, but it just
adds to the big advantage that T1
already has with a 4,000 gold lead. Uh
and I think right now both sides kind of
have their first item completed. I think
the real big pain point is when second
IM start to come in for members of T1.
That's when you really start to feel
behind in the game. Yeah, KT still they
have a lot of wombo potential. I feel
like there is some of these like big
moment opportunities for a composition
like this. If they can get Peter into a
good position, find a Magna Storm, get
that first kill, could be absolutely
huge. But I'm starting to feel like T1
are looking a little more like their old
selves rather than some of the woes that
we've been seeing in some other matches.
Definitely feeling locked in in this
Telecom War. Uh want to get the most out
of it. Uh and I think next dragon in 30
seconds. I think if you're KT you you're
happy just to give that one up. You
know, safety final window. Sure. But uh
I I think the mistake would be just
trying to hard contest it. The fact that
T1 only have one dragon gives you a lot
of time to work with just to farm up and
avoid interacting too much. I'm a little
bit worried about the whole hex soul
situation as looking for a potential
gank onto Faker, but instead he just
finds the entirety of T1 and dies. The
Gallo comes in. Kumushi will get knocked
off. Peter's alongside him. Emperor's
Divide picks up Goomba, but he dashes
his way out. He looks like he's going to
be safe as actually flashing in to get
on top of him. The equalizer does a lot
of damage, but so does BD. Faker trying
to get out of their dopped arm. He needs
another bullet, but does not have it.
And KT now just running for the hills.
In the meantime, Owner is just
destroying KT's stuff. Not the person
you typically expect to be split
pushing, but Owner will do what he do
what he does in a fix. Uh, and I think
KT just too many resources invested to
try and kill that Lucian with the with
the VGO dead as well. You just don't
have the the throughput in these longer
fights. Yeah, owner is now going to
utilize that time spent on the bottom
side to do a lot of damage here to Peter
and Casting. Great knock up with the
crash down from Peter. Will keep Casting
alive at least as Doran tanks up the
turret for a long time. Cuz wanting to
make his way in wastes no time as he
flashes forward. This could be some
resets as carrier puts up the door and
oh still looking for more but look at
that. It's the concussive blows. It is
so difficult for KT to deal with as the
bullets coming on through there. Great
dash to bait in casting from
Gumushi and they KT just cannot find an
angle. No, they absolutely can't. Too
much of a deficit and as you said the
concussive blows so quick to stack those
up. Anyone who goes in is just at risk
of being focused down. And here we see
KZ not aware he's on a ward ends up
getting focused down and you need the
VGO alive for these longer fights cuz
they turn onto Kuma but he survives for
such a long time. The shuffle from
BDD I think he should have shoveled in
towards uh there cuz in the end he has
to flash in for him like casting solo.
BDD so low. Yes, BDD is doing damage but
he gets taken out and again you don't
have the VGO and you need him in these
longer fights. You have that momentum to
keep going forwards. here though. This
is just uh this feels a little bit of
wallet diff. Yeah. Um the crash down was
very nice from Peter there, but Owner
actually gets out of turret range,
doesn't tank up the last shot. That may
have been the end of him. And yeah,
Doran dies, but the trade not great. I
think it's one of these situations where
baited a bit by the flash, but even if
he had alted carrier, he wasn't going to
die. And the turn around is so quick
from the side of
T1. And T1 now just going to be taking
away yet another blue buff. This is not
going to give it to everyone as we are
not quite late enough in the game for
that. The gold lead has moved to about
8,000 as Dr. still looking for a little
bit more. But man, he's got a zeal and a
ghost blade. Just feels like he does
negative damage at the moment. And
Sundisk is going to be put up. And it
actually eats a charge there from the
Rift Herald, which is kind of cute.
Owner going in now though as T1 feeling
aggressive. This is what you were
talking about. owner can kind of just
throw his body in but does now not have
the ultimate for the next fight. Pretty
big resource to take away but I think T1
could just back away. No pressure for
them to fight right now. Popcorn
chickens for casting the fact that the
TP was committed by the Gallo here. Uh
I'm kind of a little bit concerned cuz I
see pings coming out. This is one of
these situations like hey we committed
TP. I guess we just have to do the
Attakan, right? No. No. But what if you
just did? Oh no, actually walking over
vision that was provided by minions as
well. There's you know how many you know
how many KT fans are in that building.
Max, this can't happen. Well, it might
just be set up as there's a shattering
strike. Okay, Owner taking a lot of
damage. Heartbreaker comes forward. Cuz
now another jungler as he looks to get
on top of carrier. Great knockup just to
interrupt and now the resets fly
through. Doran though gets the equalizer
down. BD is going to greet him as deadly
flourish will go wide. Look at how low
these health bars are as the other is
looking terrifying. And that is 2.5k
kills for BDD. Congratulations. Um it's
still a really hard game. Yeah, I mean
thank god they stepped away from the
other. I I really thought they were
going to keep on it for a moment there.
They turn they get a good kill on Owner.
They get a kill on a carrier too, but uh
this was a scary
situation to be put into. The setup from
Peter is pretty good. They managed to
find Owner and just about kill him. And
then we get this knock up coming in from
Curs in carriers dash which is pretty
nice. But the equalizer comes in and
look how low everyone is. I was so
worried. Oh yeah. I thought that they
were cooked from this point but not
quite able to get in there as KT now
back at it again. It worked out really
well last time. Orcs Doran went second
item raidons. Okay. Which is well he's
got a mask and a hat. He's ready for the
masquerade ball. Yes. You know, I mean,
it's not the first time I've seen this
rumble build, but it's a very
confident build. Very confident as BD is
going to get charmed. Oh, Faker. That's
beautiful. Empress Divide does
absolutely nothing. BD eats a lot of
resources to stay alive, but will in
fact do so.
Does have TP. Yeah, does have flash as
well, but Empress Divide going to be
down for a little while now as the
Articon being pinged out by both sides.
There's a ward on it at the top which
hasn't been spotted. So KT have
information if it gets started up, but I
think because of that they can approach
a little bit slower. There's also the
hex gate we saw carrier just take there
so you can use that to navigate around.
Oh, pretty cute to use it there as T1
were setting up for a bit of a trap. As
you know, they're not doing it. You
don't need to clear this ward. Oh, they
do clear it. They take this game. They
will be okay. I love you know what I
love this play where they put a ward. So
they already had this ward in place,
right? It gave them enough information.
I love that they place the ward over the
wall next to their control ward to be
like, "Hey, we don't know what's going
on." Ah, yeah. We definitely don't have
it warded. By the way, that's actually
very cute. As long as that ward is up,
then you know they have the information
they need. Oh, and T1 T1 might think,
oh, the only ward they have is that that
shallow one next to the wall. So,
well, right now T1 not going to be doing
anything rash like starting an Articon
or anything like that. Is Dr. going to
get charmed? does cleanse it, but I
don't know whether he's going to be able
to cleanse what Faker is going to do to
him. Answer is he walks away and he's
fine. A little bit more damage. I think
Dor just throws the equalizer down.
Yeah, this is the signal though. They
can go for this. Now, it is a Jin and
there is Hex Gau. You don't need to be
right there to be contributing in a
fight, but the rest of the team needs to
make something happen quickly. Yep.
Casting can always get in if someone
does decide to go for an engage. That
looks like it's going to be Peter. Let's
see whether he can get the angle as C
going to get blocked off the equalizer.
Great position to keep the VGO out as
Peter is actually out of there. I feel
the heal. How the heck did he even get
in? He's going to withdraw as well. And
I think that KT will say worth, you do
not need to fight. You do not need to
fight. They do just back away. They say
thanks for the buff.
Great steal there from Co. Comes in and
clutches it. And again, he he gets
recalled. He's going to want to go down.
And now KT maybe with the confidence to
look towards this dragon. I will say
risky. Yes, definitely risky in this
situation. They are incredibly far
behind still. And yes, that was that was
a great steal, but if they had have
stuck around, they would have all died.
Uh as casting Peter and Dr. in this
brush, BD going to move on over Empress
Divide back in hand. You know, the buff
doesn't make you any stronger. Uh it it
just means that you don't suffer as much
if you die. Oh, really? Yeah. So, I'm a
little bit concerned for KT right now,
but are you sure? Because I've seen our
players play as Okay. Ah, this is
looking a bit stronger. Doran is just
dead. He had no equalizer, of course, so
at least uh it's not that T1 weren't
able to utilize it, but now they will be
able to collect themselves the dragon
and
incrementally KT are finding little
advantages to bring them back into this
game. Definitely gives you confidence
boost. Oh, Peter's dead. Well, he's not
dead. Emperor Divide is going to deliver
Owner as well. Let's see what they can
find here as he's jeweling against Cars.
Owner able to flash out though. denies
the reset as Carrier does fall. Still,
it's a gorgeous charm there from Faker
who's just keeping control of this Gallo
and everyone is going to be withdrawing.
And yeah, T1 still very strong, guys.
Yeah, as I said, uh the buff doesn't
make you any stronger. Um and uh KT just
managed to experience that first time.
This is a great pick, great setup,
though. You see, they clear out the ward
in this brush and Castine just finds his
angle, the quick flash taunt uh onto
Doran. doesn't even uh find an
opportunity to react to that with the
flash and then they get the dragon and
then they opt to stay. Well, all it's
not it's more it's more of just a they
opt to walk into darkness.
Yeah, sub up carrier here. Beautiful
defense onto Owner and Oner playing it
right on the edge. I do think a lot of
this was to do with T1 just playing
better in this moment. Um but KT didn't
really need to be there. They did not.
They did not. And you know it is a 6,000
gold lead still. Yep. They've bought
time by getting that dragon and
theakan. Um and they're going to use
that time to engage onto a broom. Yeah,
we're going to fight more as Carrier
uses the ultimate. Um they get the flash
out of him as well as the curtains have
been
called and will be able to avoid most of
them. They don't still have the outcome.
I think they need they need to they need
to understand that. And well, as you
said, it doesn't actually provide them
with any damage.
anything like that. So, they're still
just as strong as when they were forcing
fights before. As Faker is going in,
does have another charge of the spirit
rush is look wondering when to use it.
Does find the charm here on Casting as
Ona setting up for it. That is a justice
punch as Casting trying to get himself
out of there. The culling will cut him
down though. And down goes BDD as well.
Well, it's a double for Gumushi as KT
trying to find some follow-up kills as
the charm this time will go wide despite
the fact that Faker has been so
incredibly accurate with that ability so
far
today. And now it's Baron time. I think
KT honestly the fact they got the Adakan
steel, they got that dragon, they bought
themselves time and they used that time
just to funnel into T1 and die. And I
just don't I don't understand it. I I
feel like they'd really put themselves
in a position where as much as the game
wasn't in a good spot.
It was it wasn't it wasn't fully cooked
yet and then they opt in to just I I
don't know what the thought process is
here. I guess they wanted to secure the
blue buff. That was vitally important.
Um apparent but even here, you know,
they could have gotten out. They had
ample opportunity to get out and they're
just hanging around like they're waiting
for a charm to
hit. Yeah. And it did. And then casting
died. And look at the equalizer
placement as well. It's like fighting in
these choke points. Often it feels great
if you've got a Jin composition, but
you're against a
Rumble and uh that means that it's it's
going to feel a whole lot more
difficult. Yeah. Um so so T1 have Baron.
Yes, they are 8,000 gold ahead. 8,500.
Yep. Faker might be close to dying as
Heartbreaker comes forward. He flashes.
He dashes and Faker is out of there.
Yep. So, I mean, they've been some
resources pretty nice and I think taking
a window like that pretty good, but
ultimately Baron's still available.
Faker doesn't die. He's going to be able
to TP back in if they want to keep the
pressure
up. And uh KT it's it's like they don't
think that they're weaker or anything.
They just want to keep fighting. Yeah.
They're just oblivious to the concept
of, you know, often teams of like, okay,
the AD carries a whole item on ours.
They don't understand what weakness is.
Orcs, that's how it works. Just right.
Equalizer goes down. There's a glacial
fissure as well as Fake. A gorgeous wrap
around and you kill the VGO and you cut
the legs out from under KT. Now they
just have to wait. Inner turret does
fall down. They invest a bit in order to
get it, but they will get so much for
that investment. The returns are looking
good as they take down the first
inhibitor of the game. And T1 this game
one looking definitely like they have it
in the bag. Still taking a bit of damage
here. Infidity does need to be
respected, but it looks like that's
exactly what T1 are going to do. They
will take down this inhibitor turret at
the same time as Faker once again throws
out the ulti. This time doesn't hit the
charm, but he doesn't have to. So much
damage done to the base here. And now
they can back away. Dragon up in 30
seconds. It probably reset before that
with the Barons and KT's base in a bit
of a shambles. Gold lead now over
10,000. Do you want to hear the coke? I
got the coke. Hit me with it. So now
KT's lanes are going to be consistently
pushing in. they can get bombed on their
carries. That's so true actually. And
they managed to get the uh most recent
hex tech dragon. And so it's only soul
point that T1 are able to pick up. Yes,
exact. So it was all you need to buy
like Okay, never mind. They are so far
away from their base and now T1 are
looking to cut them down once again.
Casting in an awkward spot. Magnustorm
connects onto just Faker as now goes in
and buys so much space. Casting able to
flash his way out, but Owner is able to
follow him. Doran goes golden in the
nick of time as well as KT are just
losing members one after the other. But
BD finding a huge shuffle is my god the
damage is absurd and BDD is still here.
The sand soldiers are set up and he goes
golden just in time. But he is the last
man and BDD cannot do it alone. That's
what we've been learning this whole year
and T1 will walk forward and finish off
game one. I feel like some of the fights
even KT were playing pretty well, but
they're just so far behind and they just
opt into every single fight. T1 cool,
calm, and collected. 91 and nine for Ona
on this Zenzou. It is his best champion
and he keeps getting it every series.
Nexus goes down and T1 will be
victorious in the first game. It's a
best of three. Still need to keep your
heads in the game. KT going to have to
find so much more if they want to stay
in it. I I just you know what it is. I I
think we talked about the hype behind KT
and it just felt like they were feeling
it. They were feeling themselves in
game. Well, I mean doing your own like
road show, the KT homecoming here, all
of the fans. Is there anything that
epitomizes getting excited for KT more?
No. Um there really isn't. And you know
what? It felt like you would look at the
gold lead and it wasn't as if KT didn't
think they had the didn't think there
was a a gold disadvantage. It felt like
they thought they were they were in T1's
position. They had the gold lead. They
had that composition. They're like, "We
have to fight every single time." And I
just, you know, I don't think you did. I
think, you know, going into game two,
obviously owner's not going to be able
to get a Zenzho. That's going to be some
solid things. He's not going to be able
to see the paper man again that Viego uh
didn't really hit. But I you lose access
to BDD's uh Azir, which had a great game
on, but unfortunately it just felt like
the other pieces fell apart. And I think
if you want to if you know if you want
to play like they did in that game, I
think that's completely fine, but you
should have a more early focus
composition with stronger skirmishing
around your jungler cuz I I think that
was the advantage T1 had is when it came
to those skirmishes, it was just C
champion, kill champion. Yeah. and KT
were trying to play that style without
that composition. Yeah. And I would also
like to see a lot more power on the
bottom side of the map. I feel like
Gumicaria just ran away with the game
from the laning phase onwards. Maybe
giving yourself a little bit more of an
advantage there. Could be good. But it
is time for us to take a short break.
When we get back, the space is going to
break it down and then we'll have game
number two. See you soon.
Heat
up
[Music]
here. Heat
[Music]
up
[Music]
[Music]
break. Okay.
[Applause]
[Music]
Okay. You should be looking
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I feel
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
Hello everyone and welcome to the space
as the LCK Road Show KT Homecoming isn't
going the way of the host team as it is
10 T1 and I think it was a little bit of
a jungle diff. Dgon here alongside
Chronicler and Wolf. And uh yeah, I did
feel like there was also the game itself
was kind of mid. Um the performance from
the mid laner from KT on a draft that
was kind of catered around his signature
Azir pick was pretty mid. Some of the
shuffles were pretty mid um in that one.
And I do feel like KT still kept the
game pretty interesting and played
pretty respectfully and used some of
their scaling aspects and some of the
defensive re-engages they could have to
keep the game alive, but we need to see
a lot
more. Yeah, we we know KT has issues.
I'm getting worried about what has
happened to so many players. Uh the DNF
2024 curse has seemingly hit cuz this I
we've seen this man 1v9 games on VGO and
his Viego was just that's lynch pin of
how the early game that composition
works and it just wasn't good. Uh and as
Wol was saying I kind of want to echo
BDD is in no way shape or form at fault.
But he they banned Tia. They first pick
his Azir instead of going for something
like the Zenza which you know owner is
going to pick up and owner is the best
performing player on the enemy team and
then I didn't think he quite hit the
mark and I think that we're slowly
seeing him starting to taper off
compared to was where he was a while
back. Well before we could get to the
mid game. Uh we had a couple of fights
here that went the way of T1 and it was
close. It was close for KT but they did
not stop the bleeding. They just made it
worse. I think chasing KT here is
incredibly risky into this composition
that KT has because they have a Jin,
right? And this, you know, choke point
equalizer here is completely avoided by
DuckDom. It's the timing in which Kuz
decides to go in here to try to get the
reset that really concerned me and
Chron. Everything else really no notes,
but look at this opening here by DTOM.
Everything is perfect, but Paperman went
a little too early. They BDD is on the
way and they literally kill Cuz a split
second later, but Cuz or they kill Ona
rather, which could have started the
res. If you have a Vieger, this fight is
one and you can win the game off of
this. But he literally just goes in a
second too early and he like WS into a
Braum shield then dies. You need to play
this more respectfully cuz I think this
was a big mistake from T1. Fact they
didn't get punishes cuz T1 is playing
way better right now. But chasing that
deep while the enemy is zeros up and
they have a Jin and you're just all in a
choke point. And the fact that Casting
had a great flash re-engage should have
been enough. Uh, and you can sense some
frustration. It's because T1 definitely
won, but they also didn't have the
cleanest game. And it was unfortunate to
not see KT be able to use this
opportunity. It was a super punishable
moment, right? It was a super strong
like that's exactly what KT's comp wants
to do is like, okay, all their tools are
gone. We have to slowly re-engage.
Gallio goes in. Everyone's in the choke
point. You've got the taunts, you've got
the longrange follow up. The VGO gets
the resets. Like the comp in the draft
was really good for KT, but the
execution, you know, you have to be way
more crisp. And Cuz knows better. He's a
pretty good VGO player. Yeah. And to
make things worse, literally 3 minutes
later, uh, this happens here. Goes the
way of T1. And KT are just then playing
from clearly behind after that. And now
there were some Articon shenanigans. Uh
there was a a certain fight that was won
by KT that shouldn't but realistically
this is where the game kind of ended as
we again have as the cost is highlighted
T1 wants these skirmishes right you're
playing Zou and Ahri Rumble as well
spikes super hard Lucian spike super
hard this early on so KT just
continuously looking for these fights
even if the setup isn't really there
isn't a great sign and the fact that
they lose this while the enemy Ari was
like just AFK pushing in bot and they
will lose the skirmish doesn't bode well
for any um KT predictors. It's just the
which was which was me. It's just the uh
judgment issues here for KT like causes
timing on when he wants to go in where
those fights are viable, right? Like
when when you actually need to be going
in when you need to be respecting the
fact that T1 has full pryo over this
area. You're you don't have the numbers
of ads. You're not set up like you were
in the previous fight. That was a much
better fight for them. KT still forced
and there were so many moments later on
in the game too where they just kept
forcing down members out of position and
T1 is a team that always has been good
at team fights and even though we talk
about a lot of their other issues this
season and this year that part hasn't
really been one of their weak points.
No, it definitely hasn't. And to even uh
push that point further, there was one
more team fight where Owner was split
pushing on the bottom side of the map.
They take a 4v5 and they were like,
"Hey, we're still safe in this and we're
going to win out on this trade." KT kind
of putting the blinders on and not
really seeing the bigger picture, not
winning out in these hands fights here.
So, we brought up the draft earlier in
terms of putting the eggs in the BDD
basket with the zir. What do you want to
see here in game two? I want to see
Victor ban. I would like to see Faker,
you know, maybe they have to ban Tia
away from BDD cuz he picks up the Tia.
They take the Victor away. Faker's
champion pool has felt really small this
season. So, I think that's the simple
way to start the draft. I think the
champion pool for T1 as a team right now
isn't that deep, right? Owner is again
the only one that kind of escapes the
criticism there. But we've also seen
Guma really struggle when his champion
pool is pushed. Uh but that does kind of
require to go to game number three. I
think that KT showed glimpses there, but
they need to be on the same page and
they need to be a little bit more
deliberate cuz I'm loving the energy
that Peters bring in when he came onto
the stage. And I don't know if it's
always false, but they need to chill out
a little bit because otherwise if you
just keep throwing the ball over the 21,
two's going to catch it. Yeah, we did
said it on the Saturday Showdown
pre-show yesterday when we had the Genji
uh match earlier. It's when you're in
those crowds, everything's loud,
everything's yelling. Sometimes the only
call you get is that very first one who
the target is. But KT need to settle
down if they want to make that crowd
ensue on pop off for them to a game two
and to a game three. For game two, let's
send it back on over to Atlas and Ox.
Thank you so much gentlemen for the
breakdown of game number one. I uh I
have to say even though Wol's words were
a little bit harsh, they were definitely
true. And I think a little bit of the
chill out is definitely necessary, but
not all of the chill out. I don't want
them to completely shut down and just
play safe. They need to utilize the
energy of this crowd but positively. You
know, go in when you actually need to
still have the gusto, still make
decisions, um but just maybe do them a
little bit more coordinatedly and
intelligently and then everything will
be fine and we'll make it to a game
three and that's exactly what we need.
So, what you're saying is they're
playing well. They just need to work on
the macro, the micro, the team fighting,
the lane. No, no, I never said they were
playing well.
400 games here for Ona and Gumiushi at
the same time. Isn't that cool? Um, both
of them getting there. Goomba's like,
"Why the why are you looking at me?" And
the answer is because it's his 400th
game. That's why we're looking at him.
Um, that's that's how that one works for
this guy as well. And so,
congratulations to both Goomba and Oner.
And let's see whether they can make it a
win. Based on what we saw in game number
one, it's looking pretty good. It's
positive. Um, but it is KT.
It would be very funny. It would be very
funny. So basically, so the way a roller
coaster normally works, um, I can draw
you a diagram here, or so it starts off
on the lower part, the lower EB, where
you're you get in to the roller coaster,
right? And then and then you're getting
ready, you're shuffling about, you're
getting your seat belt or the bracket
thingy all sorted out so that everyone
can start going up. That's a lower EB.
That was game one, right? And so now
this is game two. So, what's going to
happen is we're going to slowly go up.
Oh, it goes up. Slowly go. It's going to
go
ch the start of this game may not be the
greatest, but then eventually we're
going to get to a high point. We don't
know though when we're going to hit the
catastrophically fast like go down and
do the cool loop-de-loops and fun stuff.
And I'm hoping that's a game three. It
does. And then it comes up again and
down again and up and ultimately ends
very low. and then you you step out and
then somebody else goes in. But that
doesn't have to be today. It could it
doesn't you never know when it's going
to hit rock bottom and we know that game
one was likely around there cuz things
didn't look great. Um and so we're we're
just learning a little bit about roller
coasters and let's see whether this is
actually going to be the chugga chug up
the hill. We know it starts low, we know
it's going to end low. What happens in
between? Exactly. It's it's all about
the middle. It's the journey. It's the
journey that's the most important.
That's where we learn the most. That's
the sort of thing I could see a very
harrowed KT fan just saying, yep. Um,
that's me. Uh, okay. So, we have some
bands already coming on through here as
the Varys, the Alistister, interestingly
enough, in the first round and the Gwen
and then the Yona, Tia, and the Nico
going to be taken away here by T1.
Kalista first pick fills me with dread.
Oh. Uh, okay. Well, the Venard's going
to come through as a denial. Yeah, the
VI is available. Um,
why are we first picking Kalista?
Um,
we're still putting our seat belts on,
Ox. We are still definitely putting our
seat belts on. We have not started
moving. Black have some good news,
right? You know which champion is open,
which is really good, into Kalista.
Poppy. Got it. And you can't pick Poppy
now cuz you picked V and Ronaldo. So,
um, Right. Yeah. No, I uh Okay. Well,
they get their hands on the Elise. Yeah.
Oh, I I I can't help but feel like it's
just completely doomed already.
Maybe they're relying on the fact that
Onera hasn't been practicing very much
VI recently cuz it's been permanently
banned. You know, he you remember I
remember he was one of the first ones to
start playing the VI um to bring it out.
So, I'm pretty sure he's fine with that.
Oh, we're going. Okay, at least Sajuani.
Checkmate, everyone. Um, Sajuani. Yeah,
well, they also didn't secure a mid
lane. It is to no surprise, is going to
be the Ash to pair with Ranada. Yeah.
Um, or is it? I actually think if if
they go the Z, more hope for KT. If they
go the Ash, less hope for KT. Yeah, I
don't I don't think Zia is very good at
the moment. Um, it is good with Rakan.
Um because of course your level one
feels a whole lot better. I think the
Ash definitely makes a whole lot more
sense. Ashado has been very powerful.
Okay.
Um are we going up yet? Nope. No, we are
not. Um that is um maybe 2026. Has
anyone ever invented a flat roller
coaster?
Uh yeah. It's those little trains that
you have at the the town fair. Well,
they're fun. They aren't fun.
Yeah, that's that's um that's what it
is. Unfortunately, you don't uh it
doesn't change, you know. The experience
is the same the entire time. Yeah. And
that is not what KT wants. Things
weren't great earlier on. They're okay
with transitioning back to the train
that just goes around in circles once
they found some form. Um but that's not
now.
Well, uh going to see some mid lane
focus bands coming out. The silus gone,
the Aurora gone. Uh, Victor still open
and available, which I feel like is one
of the remaining priority picks right
now. Uh, Rise still an option as
well. And this silence makes sense,
especially when you have the Seduani for
that melee pairing. Is it a like do you
have to do something insane now? Is it
like Yasawo? Is it BD Yasawo time or
something crazy like that? You got
Fate's Call as well as the Arctic
Assault for setup. I mean there is there
is a a theoretical Yasaw angle as Jace
is going to be the final ban here on
KT's side following up with the Yoro
that T1 have removed and so Victor is
left up. I just I don't know why they
banned the Aurora. I guess they're
scared of it like being picked maybe as
a flex or by Doran as a counter pick but
like I feel like the Victor I mean it
was even mentioned by by Wolf on the
space. It was just such an obvious
pickup here, especially when you have
you have great engage already the
composition, but you also have this
Ranata who's going to make it so hard to
engage into. Now you have this insane
backline threat. So even if you manage
to kill Guma and the Ash, which is going
to be hard with Ranata, you still have
this Victor and then KT are going to I
mean what? Oh, that's that's a that's a
champion. Um the Hay could do some
things. We haven't necessarily seen that
much of it. BDD is going to lock it away
now. does give them a lot of
range and that is Atrox for casting.
Probably just jacks for Darren. I I
think in this situation we could also go
the NAR as well. Uh fire with fire with
the Renekton. Yeah. Yeah. This is Exodia
from T1. Um there has been a seat belt
malfunction and unfortunately the roller
coaster has been grounded. Uh, it is too
dangerous to actually go on the ride and
they've closed the theme park. You're in
fact getting out of the roller coaster
and you are going home. That is that is
what I'm feeling right now at the end of
this draft. This is I think when we load
into this game, people are going to look
at the teams and be like, "How the heck
did this draft even happen?" Yeah. Well,
okay.
I've seen unfavorable drafts win before.
So, all KT have to do is just play
better. They need to lock in. And if
they can lock in hard
enough, we'll have a game three. Oh, I'm
so glad you held it together cuz you
almost broke. You're almost like, "No,
this is just cooked." And look, I think
everyone can say that we're feeling like
KT are probably not going to do very
well in this game. And do you know what
KT says to that? We've got you precisely
where we want
you. The amount of excitement that I
have for KT's chances in this game are
below
zero. And so maybe that's exactly what
they needed, exactly what they wanted. I
think if they are going to win, it's
going to be off the back of casting
being a gigantic Atrox in these team
fights. Doctor and Peter are going to
have to play out of their minds in the
laning phase and T1 just needs to do
what the comp does and then things will
be fine. All
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
right, here we are, ladies and
gentlemen. Suan erupting at the start of
game number two. Everyone pretty keen
for it to go the distance. Of course, it
is just fun having these
events held outside of L Park every now
and again. Okay, there is one thing.
We'll see when the runes come up. I'm
really hoping that we're going to get
like the more lethality build of
Kalistister that we've sometimes seen.
Uh-huh. We're not. No, I I I So, the
reason I was thinking that I was going
to say that that had about a 0% chance
of happening. The thing is we've seen it
and as much as obviously you don't have
as much sustain damage, you're not auto
attacking against against this T1
lineup. There is no situation where
you're going to be able to auto attack
and you're not going to be just beaten
over the head. So I was thinking if you
go with the more lethality build we've
seen you know last year pays a lot of
success with it. You can play around the
poke like between that and the way there
is a good amount of poke but they didn't
go for that. So you
know BDD is just pressing some
buttons and does actually manage to land
that one. Gets the fake equalizer down.
There we go. The double tap nicely done.
Death rate going to be hurting though as
Faker very confident on this Victor and
BD will at least be able to have minion
control. Um the AoE going to be much
higher even if he does take a bit of
poke here in this lane. Having a look
duct and Peter doing a bit of work here
as Peter is very squishy and as I say
doing a bit of work. Uh Peter is going
to have to go up. What goes up does have
to come down though as Goomer is just
frostshotting this guy over and over
again and Peter has to go home. Yeah,
you may have thought, hey, they burnt
the heal of Guma carrier, you know,
that's a positive thing, but often we
see heals just thrown down early just
for the momentum in lane. And uh they
got it. They they certainly did get it.
Uh so Pet, I'm surprised that owner
actually has a game on VI so far this
season. I thought no jungler had a game
on V this season. Some some other
foolish team. Yeah, made the mistake.
There's handshake coming on through
there as Doct by himself underneath this
turret trying to get some pierce damage
does at least manage to do that. But uh
these minions a lot of them going to the
wayside. Thankfully Dr. does get the
experience he will have a slight in roll
um experience lead that means that Peter
is going to be very low as BDD speaking
of very low is very low. Yes. Well no
lane's really going super favorably
right now for KT. M um
there's no real followup to that
unfortunately this is feeling a little
what do I say after that it's uh well
they are looking for a gank opportunity
Peter still level one though you do need
they're level two nailing it there's the
flash immediate cleanse comes out from
Gumushi as he's ran out of uh ran out of
summoner spells flashes yeah down in
fact every summoner spell now down with
both of his You know what it's looking a
little bit I'm looking at a 100 gold
lead for KT.
Um, yeah, that's uh that's where the
hype is. I'm hearing the kachuk. No, no,
no, no, you're not. You're not. You're
not a little bit. No, no, no. You're
your mistake. You're in the car. Oh, you
might be going up a hill. It was a road
bump, maybe. Yeah. Yeah. We're going
home. Remember, like the theme park is
closed. They're looking for I mean, this
is Elise. He's great at diving. All
right. See where the carrier is going to
go down. Remember, doesn't have his
flash available. Good handshake. Does
come on through. The bailout comes down
and Elise, like you say, good at diving.
And so that is going to be first blood
going over to Doctto. Okay, this is good
moves coming out. Oh, meanwhile on the
other side of the map, an infernal chain
is going to land and he doesn't pick up
the turret aggro. So like you were
saying, turret is going to reset. Flash
comes out finally here as Ona going to
have to flash and does survive. Levi
getting off to a good start. Okay, so
bot, you know, got some positive
momentum from Curs at top. H. Yes, I
would say H as well. Uh that's a 700
gold lead cuz he missed so much farm as
well during that situation. Yeah, I was
already a little bit behind in
lane. 32 to 18. You know, if you don't
look at it, does it exist? Yes. Oh,
object permanence. Well, I'm not going
to look at it
anyways. Yeah, that's a it's a good idea
cuz it does. If you look at it, does it
make you sad? Also, yes. um as gravity
field goes down. BDD playing a bit
aggressively here, crushing more. Not
going to quite find Faker there, but did
hit a few others. Honestly, I feel like
just watching the mid lane match up has
been the most soothing thing. Yes, in
this game last game, you just kind of
look at Faker and BDD going headtohead
and you just forget about the rest of
the map. It is a good way to feel
because if I find my eyes drifting
towards the right of my screen, I feel a
little bit like perhaps the game is
already over. So, I'm glad that we can
just have these moments here. Having a
look at the artist himself trying to
paint the uh mid
lane. And K's coming on over as well,
seeing whether he can find something.
Control Ward does go down. And, you
know, we might be feeling a little bit
um I guess not so great about how the
lane uh how the game is looking from a
draft perspective for KT. But so far,
they haven't made any colossal errors.
Um they're down 500 gold, which ain't
great. A lot of that to do with the
Atrox being in a bad spot and the Atrox
is a lynch pin in this KT composition if
it is going to work. But still, I mean,
it could be worse. It definitely could
be worse that you know, you've never
said throw winds. It definitely could be
in a worse position. They will be able
to pick up this lady dragon though. And
again, it's an ocean dragon. Nice one to
get in the early levels for that extra
sustain. Yep. And no one's around the
grubs just yet as well. And so they get
the drake without having to sacrifice
too much.
And now Doran continuing to get this
shove working out towards the top side.
Casting, landing a few buttons. His
Aatrox has been good. Um, unfortunately
the gank was at a really horrible time
for him, so he's really going to be
suffering.
Never a fun time to get ganked as a top
laner, but that was definitely one of
the least fun times to get ganked as a
top l. They're potentially looking for
another dive bot now. Cleanse still
isn't available for GMA. No flashes
either. They can go for this. It's a
little risky, I'll be honest. The fact
that Peter has no flash and they have
the bailout. So, we'll see if they can
make it work. Yeah, Peter going to come
on over. They find the cocoon onto
Gumushi is taking a lot of damage. Does
have the bail out as Cuz going to have
to get out of there as well. There's the
repel and Peter is going to get fates
called back. Goomba able to go down
there as it is picking up the kill. BDD
moving over another cocoon grasping more
and Peter is taking control of this
bottom lane. beat it. He loses half of
his health bar and Ona says, "I know
what time it is." They're ganking the
bottom lane. I'm killing casting again.
Let's see whether he can actually get
this one down as Doran goes in, finds a
slice and dice. He's tanking up that
turret and down goes the Atrox. There's
some more plate gold going over to T1.
Faker as well in this mid lane. Might be
able to claim a plate for himself. And
so T KT do get feats of warfare. And
honestly, the the dive was executed
really well. Obviously, there was some
moments where it looked a little dicey,
but I I think the use of the ult from
from Doct to reset aggro again, the fact
you have two ways of setting aggro, but
also just generally how they played it
pretty excellent from KT. Unfortunately,
that top laner is getting brutalized by
Ona and Doran. So, as much as it was
nice that they got those kills in in the
bot side, BDD roaming over was the right
move, but as a result, Fakery got a
play, he got some CS, so mid's still
even. Bot lane isn't that far ahead. Top
lane
is in a pit right now. 1.3k gold already
against a Renekton as well. If you're a
KT fan, just don't look at top lane
ever. That's how it's going to have to
be. If you have some like masking tape
or something and you can just put it on
your screen across where the top lane
part of the scoreboard is, you'll feel
better about it. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Um
object permanence not good in this game
because the top lane is going to be
permanent. Uh and that's the big issue.
Faker moving on over here. Doesn't have
a lot of the blue stuff, so he is going
to have to back away. And KT utilizing
their bottom side advantage to grab
themselves a blue buff. That will
successfully happen. That's going to
even out at least the camps taken by
both of these junglers. K's having a
pretty good game is all right. If at
first you succeed, I guess just keep
doing the thing that you succeed doing.
Um, as Casting just trying to do his
best to repair this lane situation. It's
not looking great up there. Owner is
showing up. Yeah. comes in with a vault
breaker and cause still sticking around.
See whether he's able to grab this and
he's not able to do so. 28 health is
enough for owner to punch through. I
think ultimately owner you know hasn't
shown too much attention towards bot
side but h coming now to offer a bit of
cover. The thing is GMA and carrier cuz
the summoners came back up. Cleanse was
just burned there which I think is
important but both have flashes makes
plays like the one made before harder to
do. You kind of have to burn those
summoners again. Then you have more of
an avenue. But I think now, you know,
top is fine. Doesn't need to give any
more attention to Dor. He will just
keeping out the lane. I think if you
were talking to a KT fan, they would not
agree with you. Is not fine. But I think
Ona can just really start to put
attention towards the bot side and and
protect his bot lane from any future
attempts or dives and then the game
should be going smoothly in your favor.
Peter though looking towards
might be able to deny back here from
Doran. A fourle advantage to the
Renekton. Yeah, you will anger the uh
the crocodile, but you definitely won't
be able to do much more than that. Yeah,
it's looking a little dicey.
Dicey maybe. Yeah, sicey dicey acting
all cool. Ball and the school and all
that stuff as Yep. Faker doing a bit of
work as he teleported back. Does have
his merk treads now done. Should be able
to mitigate a fair bit of the folk
damage and things like that as KT
looking to try and extricate some uh
plates from this top side. they will be
able to do so. But the same thing is
happening on the bottom side of the map.
Feels like a gentleman's agreement type
situation. And do you know what it
means? It means casting falls even
further behind. But I I think you know
this trade is going to end up uh opening
up the map a little bit and ending the
laner phase early if these towers get
taken. And I think Casting will
appreciate that because yeah, right now
him and Dor are kind of despite the fact
Darren is stronger, they're kind of in a
similar position. That being said,
Carrier is here trying to help Doran
maybe get access to some
farm away to back off. Oh, BDD in a
rough spot as good umbrellash there from
Casting to get out of the way of owner.
But this is just Yeah, both teams
agreeing that minion waves are going to
be
eradicated and turrets are going to take
a lot of damage. And again, I think it's
famous KT. I I think this trading uh
where both top laners are denied. Oh, K
takes it to the turret. Get some CS here
as well. That's huge news as Gumishi
takes a turret shot. Does manage to get
the plate money as we see there. Carrier
now hostile takeover available as K's
looking to grab some grubs. First round
were secured there by T1 and T1 going to
be able to get themselves the dragon.
So, mountain sold here in our second
game. I find it so hard to stay positive
or I'm really struggling. Really trying.
Yeah, so far it's looking okay. I mean,
the cluster is strong cuz let's be real,
if the cluster was not strong, it would
be pretty cooked. But is pretty strong.
They had some success in the bot lane. I
I think again, you know, I said it, but
I I think Casting and and Doran, if you
kept them in the lane together, it was
just going to get worse and worse and
worse. So, I I think this is working out
better, even if it's not fun for the
Atrox. I am concerned about this next
wave though that is coming in. Yes. Um,
Casting will not be hit by the volley,
so at least his health bar is quite
large. Uh, Sper taking a fair bit of
damage here from
BDD and Casting can at least deal with
this wave. So, he does secure it. gets
himself the cannon there as well. Still
1.5 uh,000 gold lead um for the Renekton
on the top side. Um, feels not
great because doing all right in his
jungle. There is the Kalista with a lead
for KT. Do a lot on his shoulders here
in this game. Everything else around the
map as well. Objectives especially
looking very even. a dragon a piece as
well as three grubs on both sides as
Peter is here to help out his buddy
casting not going to be dying on this
wave
either does mean that duct is going up
against this Renekton both them with a
first time completed but I mean a
cluster of all carries there's a flash
the flash comes out from carrier but it
doesn't quite work he's taking so much
damage with the hostile takeover is too
good casting has to flash away is
because a lot of damage there available
as BD coming on over. That is gorgeous
amounts of CC being thrown out by the
way. The infernal chains will connect.
Another knockup as Gumushi trying to
run, but he's not going to get anywhere
and it's a double kill for BDD on the
way. He look pretty positive now.
Carrier gets caught out. A bit of a mis
flash as well. Doesn't get over the wall
and KT find an opportunity to strike.
Sacrificing Peter for the greater good.
That's what they're known for as now
fighting against owner here. will
actually be able to find a decent trade
towards the end. And casting with some
spare time in this bottom lane. Oh god,
am I thinking positive thoughts about KT
right now? I think I am. I am too. I
think we're on this one.
Maybe we went back into the theme park.
We went back and we strapped in. This
was the moment that it started moving
off the platform. Yeah. And a lot goes
in return like the uh hostile takeover
does catch out Peter and take him down.
But BDD flashes over with such
confidence. Oh, the grasping more. So
good. Yeah, catches him together and the
snipe there from BDD as well. This way
suddenly mega accelerated in this game.
Yep. He's going to be painting the rift
with all of his damage as Yep. That's a
happy score right there. And let's see.
That is first blood actually going over
to KT as well. So they get themselves
feats of strength. Doran was would have
been pretty close to securing that one
for
himself. But he's going to demolish it
now. Little bit late. Still able to get
there. And it's a gold lead. It's a real
one for KT. It'll be eradicated very
soon as Doran, as you can see, ready to
take that one down. So still not too
high, but you can see the blue numbers
exist. You know, I know I was we were
kind of joking about pretending top lane
doesn't exist. Uhhuh. But if the top
laners aren't in the fight, then they
don't exist. So if you just fight
around, you know, scenario. So you were
joking, but you were right. Yeah. If if
you're fighting in a situation where
Darren isn't there, KT have a very
significant lead, you know, cuz right
now again, they're like 100 gold up, but
that's offset just entirely because of
Doran. If you ignore that 1.3k lead and
you you focus on the fact that you have
these strong carries on the bot side, I
think you're vibing. Yeah. Also, if you
hadn't read the patch notes, you're also
probably feeling pretty good, right? Cuz
you're like, "Oh, Renekton doesn't scale
all that well.
Now,
now really, really worried for what KT
are going to have to deal with in late
game. Level 16 for Dominus is absurd as
KZ finds owner here who just vault
breaks his way out. It's fine.
A lot of confidence. Yeah, they are. You
know what pressure? KT are playing like
they're 7k gold behind last game. Yeah,
but they're actually ahead now. Fate's
call comes on through. Doran not going
to get knocked up, but the cocoon is
going to land. This is a lot of money if
they're able to take down the Renekton,
but it's a lot of damage if they can't.
The glacial prison goes wide, but so
does the hostile takeover. Doesn't quite
find the value they're looking for. And
now Carrier has overstepped the mark.
And BDD, oh, he can hold him in place
for forever. There he is. Just eats him.
And that's another one.
402 for BDD on the way. and KT. It just
took having what looked on paper like
the worst draft we've seen in the
history of the LCK for 2025 for them to
feel absolutely fantastic and find all
the advantages. They're just locked in,
you know, and it kind of goes to show
that it's not all about draft. They find
the angles. They play around the bot
lane extremely well. And here they find
this great
opportunity. And again, this is a
composition where T champion, kill
champion, that's what they were doing
last game. It's what they're going to
keep doing this game. And it it ends up
working out really well cuz does uh whip
the ultimate a bit. A good dodge from
Doran, but it just doesn't matter with
those uh Ren stacked up. And then
Carrier, I feel like so much when you're
playing Ranata, you feel like you're
playing Kalista Ranata, so you feel
like, hey, I'm in a position. It's fine.
Yeah. And also, I feel like a lot of it
was like, I need to be in range for this
ultimate to try and hit to try and save
Doran, but then because of that, he's
looking over there and he is very out of
position. maybe get a teleport out of
casting at the same time as KT are
looking for their second dragon. First
mountain will go their way and you
mentioned that KT just need to lock in.
Yeah, this looks like a locked in KT.
They look so locked in. They really do.
And it's worrying. It's worrying to no
end as T1, they're going to lock in on
the top side. So this uh this turret
under fire right now as BD can clear out
minion waves from a very long way away.
Faker comes over though, so this could
be a lot of money into the coffers of
T1. Try and uh get them back in to a
favorable position. Rift Herald will
stop that from being a reality as Gumosi
comes over, but he's not going to stop
this tower from going down. And so mid
outer pretty important one as Handshake
comes through cuz happy to eat that
though as they're just looking for
another charge and they will be able to
get it. making some good progress and
again the total gold lead not that big
right now but it just feels like the
pressure is in favor of KT and they are
really making it work for them. The two
dragons have popped as well significant.
You saw the confidence that KT had down
8,000 gold in the last game if they at
least hold on to half of that. Um things
are going to be looking great. Yeah,
surprisingly feeling you know still very
confident but somewhat less confident
than when they deficit. It almost feels
like when you have a deficit like that
you're like look the game's probably
cooked anyway. Yeah, throw some Hail
Marys. Whereas this game, they're like,
you know, guys, let's be aggressive, but
uh we might actually win this game,
though. Maybe let's not be too
aggressive. Let's uh let's play it a
little bit seriously. Yep. Man, the
anti- excitement tech of like giving
over Vi for the first time, walking
straight into Ash Renard with a first
pick, Kalista, you know, trying out the
way for BDD, all this sort of stuff.
Doran getting that gigantic lead. I
thought there was no way this would
work, but uh it's it's doing pretty
good. It certainly is. Oh man, we are
poised um for for KT to let us down
again. Poised Marshally. Yeah, I was I
was thinking uh isn't it Marshall Pose,
not Poise? I always thought it was
poised to begin with and then someone
corrected me. I don't remember when it
was. You know what? I don't know. But uh
I also felt like poise made more sense.
But I think it's Marshall pose.
Sadly high convers. I have to look it
up. Yeah, that's fine. It's absolutely I
just we have a little bit of a lull um
in the action here. A lull state if you
will. Casting doesn't have a turret here
and so he's probably dead. Um he has a
lot of practice of being dead in this
game though as he does flash away from
the gravity. Well, Arrow going to be
avoided. Does get the auto as well for
the extra healing, but Owner is
underneath the inhibitor turret now.
Another heal comes through. Faker
getting taken down low. The turret was
charged up but not charged up enough.
And now KT looking to answer this one
with an towards the bottom side of the
map. She's just gone. You know if that
Q3 had hit. I mean maybe even Casting
turns it around more. But at the end of
the day, we'll get this bonus. Although
this is an early TP from BDD. Yeah, that
is a confident TP if ever I've seen one.
They have Rand, they have smite. K also
doesn't have a lot of resistances as
it's only Doctor hit by the hostile
takeover. They really want to take some
of these flowers down. Cuz with the
flash away, Doran slicing doesn't find
it. So not going to get the dice angle
and so they should be able to get in
here to try and take some of these
flowers. I don't know who was able to
get the majority of them. I think it was
kind of a mix. I do think KT ended up
with more. But I think that TP from BDD
was early. I think they were concerned
about the tower being pushed, but I I
think it was kind of unnecessary. I
think he should have just stayed there.
They secured all of the flowers and then
backed away. By the end of the day, they
still got the buff. They still got a
good amount of them. You can see they're
on 29 right now. Yep. As well. Like he
got hit by the hostile takeover. He was
shooting so hard with the uh the rage
blade fully stacked. It was absurd. Um
having a look at this again. Casting
actually played this as well as he
possibly could. Yeah. Dodges the ult
from the Ash proing those heals and then
the moment where uh right here where
he's about to get the Q3 if this goes
off and hits the healing that he'd get I
I think maybe he actually just survives
a good amount longer. Then here they
were maybe just concerned about a push
to the tower. Also, I did look it up.
Oh, yeah. It is poised. You were lied
to. I was lied to. Wow. That was many
years ago. I'm glad I'm glad we could uh
correct it, you know? Or maybe I did get
corrected the other way and I was like
so sure that it was posed that I like
just overwrote it in my memory. Who
knows? Yeah. But I like the fact that
it's uh it's Marshall Poise. It does
sound cool. It also means when you said
poise earlier, it was very relevant.
Yeah. No, no, it was good. That was
really good. And I'm glad that we've now
figured it out. 400 gold is the
approximate lead here for KT. Does it
mean much? No. Um, are T1 still in a
fine position? Yes. But is this possible
for KT to win? Absolutely. 100% in a far
better position they have been before.
And also, we haven't really seen this
Renekton show up too much in the
fights. obviously does have this lead is
on those two item spikes but uh
he might has to has to you know we've
kind of talked about object permanence
has to be there well glacial prison
going to come down as Owner is going to
look to turn it Peter gets pulled back
and it's a fair bit of damage available
here only one hit by the hostile
takeover that will spell the end of
owner as he does get bailed out but
unfortunately it doesn't do too much as
Doran he's pressed his R button and
cannot do anything about it so soul
point going to go over to KT as Faker
has said, I just want to kill this
inhibitor. Yeah. Um, okay. BDD flash
burn there. Okay. I think ultimately
Faker out of position a little bit on
the setup for that fight and Oda does
everything he can to save him, but a
pretty heavy cost to pay and, you know,
just like I wasn't super in agreement
with that TP from BDD. Not in super
agreement with that TP from Faker there
either. Didn't really achieve much other
than chipping a bit of tower health
away. So yeah, it was a sort of odd one.
Very aggressive. Mid laners tping to top
lane. Inhibitor tower.
I'd say zero out of two so far with uh
the impact. Yeah, that's okay. We
learned from our mistakes. Pretty far
pushed up in this situation and just
face checks essentially cuz in this
situation and then it's up to try and
save him to block the followup even
ultani. That being said, he could have
queued out. You know, like I'm saying
like owner sacrifices himself for Faker.
That last Q he could have disengaged
with, but I think they'd committed the
TP from the Renekton and they're like,
"Hey, let's make this a fight." And it
was just the wrong call. You know, you
saved your mid laner fine, but the
resources you bid, the Ronald and the
Vile just to save him, I think kind of
indicated you weren't going to find the
fight. Yep. And I've got a question to
ask you. Peter has only died once this
game. Mhm. Is that a product of good or
not good enough Elise play? I think it
depends if you follow the barrel school
of Elise play. I do. Then then it's not
You should have died a lot more. Oh,
okay. Sorry, Peter. It's not good
enough. You're going to have to start
dying more because in that last fight,
he went down so incredibly low. He was
actually doing a great job of just
baiting T1. Ona saw the very squishy
Elise and was like, "We can kill this
one. Take it down." But the use of the
repel, the fates call there as well from
Dr. ARM. Beautifully done. I think
that's the thing. The combo of having
the Elise and having the cluster with a
phase fall just makes it so irritating
in a situation we've seen, as you said,
Elises die nine times in a game, but
they win. Yeah. Like you you can see
champions that die a whole bunch of
times and they lose the game. You're
like, that's just not good. But being
able to die nine times and still win the
game and look fine is weird. But
speaking of weird, CU's going to just
just throw an ultimate away. Um, that
one went a bit Nanian. It's fine.
They're still able to get some control
here of the river. Gumosi taking a bit
of damage, but that could have been an
opportunity for something. I think maybe
just hoping to get the cleanse from Gume
in that situation, but he holds his
nerve. Manages to dodge it. Uh, now down
that alt for a little while. Arrow is
there. So, Gum can start a fight
whenever they would like to. Looks like
T1 want to as well. The arrow is going
to sail over. Hostile takeover working
out. goes golden but now Doran is in
amongst the fight. Casting as well
though with that world ender getting
some work done. They take down the
Renekton but the Atrox cannot survive
and the chaos storm is just massive. T1
finally finding themselves a team fight.
Beautiful engage there from T1 getting
right on BDD and it was so unfortunate
because Peter repelled and in the end it
meant the arrow hit BDD instead. And I I
think maybe it was never going to be a
great fight for KT, but maybe if he
tanked the arrow, maybe he could have
survived a little bit longer. But I
think either way, it was just a
beautiful engage from T1. Now wants this
against Faker. He doesn't have his ulti
as now. Cuz comes on over and that is
just a kill. Really nicely done here by
KT. They're going to lose the Baron, but
they'll at least take themselves an
inner turret. And for a small brief
second, they had a gold advantage. And
then T1 wrenched that away with this
purple worm going down. So if you look,
the engage comes in from Ona and Peter
would have blocked the arrow, but it
repels. So it hits uh BDD and then BDD
gets ulted. To be fair, I think he was
dead anyway. Yeah. Uh just caught in the
middle without a
flash. And then we see the kiting comes
in from Goomba. They shred through that
Atrox and the back line just untouched
for one. I think the fact that uh AD was
that pushed up without flash, I think
didn't expect to get jumped. And
speaking of didn't expect to get jumped,
this was very aggressive from Doctto. I
really like the fact that he recognized
that without the chaos storm it just
wasn't
enough damage. Yeah, the fact that he
had the seduani back up. Terminus is
also done here for Dr. Darm as well. So,
he's actually pretty tanky. He is pretty
strong.
Um not strong enough to stop the Baron
from going over to T1 though. And you
can see now the map is littered with red
wards as well. T1 in just a really good
spot. It's not over or anything like
that. We've got 45 seconds on the
mountain soul availability for KT.
They're able to get that. This
composition becomes so much more
durable, so difficult to take down. The
problem is T1 have so much map control
off the back of this Baron that this
dragon is going to be most likely a
bridge too far because that last fight
and the baron, if you look at the
levels, Doran, Ona, and Faker are all
level 16 and none of the top side of KT.
So, you got the full points in the uh
the Arcane Storm. You have the level 16
Nectal, which we've talked extensively
about. Yeah, but it's a lot of power,
you know. Uh the gold is obviously still
pretty close, but T1 have that advantage
in terms of those level ups. And I would
be a little bit concerned about taking
this fight into them. KT are not
concerned about it. They are going to go
for the fight. They'll get a cleanse out
of here as casting possibly getting
engaged on by owner. Meanwhile, there's
a fates call needing to be invested.
Peter gets himself out but won't have
access to that ability now as Casting
standing on top of a ward. Teleport in
from
Doran and Ona gets on top of this
dragon. Let's see whether they can find
an angle here already. Doran has taken a
fair bit of damage and now BDD needs to
stay out of harm's way. The problem was
he was in melee range with a VI. Of
course, she flashed on top of him. That
made things difficult. But now you were
mentioning the Arcane Storm that goes
down and so does the dragon. This ward
getting so much value here for T1. The
one behind the little rock there. Yep.
Just really able to zone them away. A
lot of tools and available. The fact the
fates call and the special prison were
down and T1 able to secure that dragon
now looking towards the spot tower. A
little risky though. Remember Darren
doesn't have TP and he isn't here. Oh,
KT are looking for it. They're going to
go for something here as Faker just
sidest stepping everything. Good cocoon
defensively there onto Carrier to stop
him from being able to t too much more.
But now Doran should be able to get this
mid tier 2 and the pressure still on in
the bot lane. Yep. And this is just T1
extricating money from KT's side of the
map. Casting comes on over. So that T
doesn't actually fall, but this one
does. T1 move ever further ahead. Now
3,000 gold starting to become a real
lead and the huge problems on the top
side of the map. This Kalista still very
strong, but I just feel like the value
of the Kalista is going lower and lower
and her range isn't super high and Ona
just gets to press the I don't think you
should have any more fun button. I think
that's the thing is this last fight Ona
didn't commit the ultimate onto casting
on the side because I think he's hit the
point where it's like I am ulting
Kalista. Yep, that is his one goal and
that's what he's going to do. And it
just makes it so hard for Dr. to play
it. And obviously, you know, I talked
about the the lethality versus the the
standard cluster build. And yeah, he's
been doing some great work. Credit to
him in this one, but I think these late
game fights are just going to feel so
unfund to play because if you're in
range of VI, you don't get to play the
game. If you're in range of Victor, you
don't really get to play the uh play the
game. The Ronaldo as well is such a
problem. So, Noctum really going to
struggle. He is going towards that Jack
show, so he will be pretty bulky all
things concerned. He might survive the
initial engage, but surviving and being
able to win the team fight afterwards
are two different things. Yep. Male's
built by both of our supports as well,
so at least Dr. will have double
cleanse. Um, so that should help him
out. But I think BDD is also another
huge component of this. Uh, needs to be
in a good position laying down that
artillery fire in these team fights.
And so now 3 minutes on another shot at
mountain soul for KT. But T1 may just
move to Soul Point
themselves. And that will mean that
we'll have to have the conversation
about what mountain soul means for this
team. And it is also absolutely
terrifying. Giving Doran more durability
um when his dominus is doing so much
damage is pretty absurd as we do have
four items completed for Dr. Like you
were talking about that Jack show is now
done. I think as well also mitigates the
poke from BDD. Um that's definitely
something they've been playing around at
ESmart. If you have that mountain uh
shield really helps prevent that, but
still a while away from the soul
itself. We're a while away from uh well
not actually that far away from a Baron.
So 45 seconds until that purple thing
going to be back on the map once again.
KT with not a lot of vision in the area.
They're going to need to start getting
over
there. So finally able to clear some
things out. Control wards now being
removed. KT do get on in, get rid of
some of this vision, but not going to be
able to stick around for too long.
Reset's going to be concluded pretty
soon for T1 who are now back out onto
the map. Y so close for Gumishushi as
well. Yeah, be able to pick that up
would be big. Hey, Cocoon going to be
connecting here as Ona gets pulled back
by the Infernal Chains. Still gets over,
but there's the Moses from Carrier
keeping him alive and the T1 jungler
able to skirt away still. going to look
for an angle. Should be able to heal up
a bit off this red buff. He is very low
and has no flash. They are going to
start at the Baron. Oh god. And Doran
now getting all that fury. Dominus has
been popped down to 50%. As Arrow going
to get tanked. Fate's call going to pull
Peter back as Doran going to be the
target. He flashes away as now KT off
the Baron for the moment. Doran in an
awkward position as Peter finds another
cocoon. Casting gets over the wall, but
now the rest of T1 move on over and
Casting has been cornered off. The flash
over from K is decent, but Peter is just
dead. This arcade storm is so scary and
Oda gets on in there. The flash on
forward. Casting trying to find these
cues, but E1 are afraid train. And Dr.
is dancing, but I just don't know
whether he's got the tune, and he does
not. Down goes Casting as well. It's a
catastrophe for KT and T1 may just win
the game right here. KT putting a great
effort, you know, managing to find some
big advantages on the bot side, but when
it comes to those team fights, so hard
to deal with his T1 composition and the
excellence when it comes to fights
around Baron. The Arcane Storm was a
size of a lane at that fight and they
will close this one out 20. Yeah, T1
just a little bit too better here today.
They put up the home stand last time and
KT got the better of them and they
return the favor here as KT set up
theirs and it did not look that
difficult either. T1 a big return to
form by the looks of things here today.
We're going to need to see more if we
want to confirm it. Still looking much
better for them and
KT. Yeah, I think we went home. I think
the theme park was indeed closed. Yeah.
I mean, the the the car drive was pretty
pretty chill. Yeah. Know, it felt like
if I had to think of a country it was
like driving through, I'd say like the
Netherlands. Very flat. Yeah. Yep. Yep.
Yep. Although there was that little that
little bump, you know, I think a couple
of road bumps we went through where I
was like, I think maybe um a turn a
little bit early and you went off the
bridge into the river at the end. Um may
have happened. The GPS said to go that
way. I know. And sometimes you just
can't help it. And thankfully you didn't
hit a gondola on your way down, you
know. Uh, is it gondola? What is that?
The things that go down the river.
Gondola doesn't sound like that. That
sounds like things in the sky. Yeah, I
don't know what they're called. Anyway,
it's fine. I'm sure Chronicler will tell
us. I think that guy is from the
Netherlands. Um, as T1 looking
absolutely fantastic. Ma very happy with
Faker here as you can see. And even
though there were some good moments at
the beginning there for KT, it
ultimately didn't matter at all.
Yeah, I you know I wanted to feel really
positive about it. They were making the
composition work, but the gold lead was
never that significant in total and then
they kind of ran into a wall with some
of the issues in those team fights. But
I think T1's team fighting overall was
pretty crisp. You know, I think there
were moments where KT definitely could
have found advantages in those 5v5s and
just weren't able to pull it off. So
let's uh have a look at some of the
highlights here as this was a good
moment from KT and in fact there are a
lot of good moments for KT in the early
stages of the game. They just uh didn't
amount to enough to get them a victory
in this one. He uh feel like Vi might be
a champion worth considering a ban on
really. Yeah, it did feel like in the
late game having the ability to pick
your target and kill them
you know how many times it has been
considered and put into uh motion. so
far. Uh, all of the times. Uh, so in the
LCK 99 times so far. Um,
yeah. So, could have been 100. Yeah.
Wasn't wasn't 100 bands. No. But it's um
it's definitely at least now, you know,
when we do the the how things looked on
this patch, she will at least have 100%
win rate uh instead of just like never
being played but 100% banned. Yeah. So,
there's that.
Um, and honestly like these moments
right like Ona did get like a big
advantage from the top side. The fact
that they were focusing casting so hard.
Um, the melee range quake not working
out in this fight here and this was kind
of the beginning of the end for KT. And
you did really see that once it came
down to these team fights, the followup
on the assault and battery um that is
now sea assist obviously um is just too
much to deal with. Yeah, I mean this
fight so much value from the hostile
take over to force them away and then
they're just kind of reexamining the
fight in this situation. D's like a full
HP Armstrong. There's this low health at
least in front of me. I'm not really
afraid and co goes over to try and help
casting but leaves the the back line
exposed. She's starting to get the
resets on Arcane Storm and then straight
in on the BD doesn't let him play the
game. What the he is? That is absolutely
stupid.
That's what happens when you get three
of those kills and now casting a dock on
the next one's to go down. Nothing that
they can do about this one. So weird to
think of Victor as being a reset
champion. Yeah, he is now. Yeah, they
said arcane. Arcane. Law accurate. Yeah,
lore accurate Victor. Yeah, they uh they
watched season 2 unlike someone I know
who didn't watch season 2 of Arcane.
Yeah, I certainly did. I still don't
really understand everything. I felt
like it was very complicated. I only
have a small brain. Um, I need to do the
rewatch. Maybe I can watch it with
Chronicler. Maybe he'll watch it with
me. What do you think? I already have a
lot of stuff. I'm going to watch it with
Chronicle. So, you know, there's a long
list. Yeah. Okay. Owner is going to pick
up player of the match. He looked
absolutely fantastic on uh both of these
champions. The fact that he got Zenzou
and Vi in this series though is pointing
my head towards um score and KT and what
they're doing. owner has been top three
best players in the league. Yeah. And
you're giving him his absolute best for
this series. And I would put that in the
cons
column. I would agree. Yeah. Perhaps a
mistake even. I'd go that far. Yeah. I
think I mean it's difficult cuz it's one
of those things where you're like, okay,
is Owner if you force him off these
picks, maybe he still has an impact. But
I I think we can definitely say get a
lot of impact on these picks. And these
are the two strong two of the strongest
two of the highest pri junglers on the
patch.
So definitely a concern. I would agree.
Uh he's going to join Gideon on 300
points here as well in the POM
standings. Still got a while away to uh
catch up with his former teammate in
Zas. But now it is time for to hear from
him in so after the win over KT. Throw
it over to the
Thank you very much guys. This is dear
for the POM interview translation joined
by owner on the side of two T1 who has
taken a victory over KT with a 20
score owner today at the LCK team road
show. Many fans have gathered to watch
you win on the big
stage. How do you feel?
It's been a such a long time since we
were able to play in front of so many
fans and we really wanted to win today.
And last time when we invited KT over,
we lost against them. So, I really
wanted to get our revenge and I'm very
glad that we're able to accomplish
that. And let's talk about game
one. As expected, they really shouldn't
have let you play
Zenzo. How did you react to Zenzho being
open today?
So, in regards to the
draft, I just thought maybe they left
open and that was just a part of their
strategy. And since is definitely my
comfort pick, so I had a really good
time. I felt really great about locking
Senza in in that
moment. And also looking at game two, by
had a 100% ban rate this this patch. So
why do you think they left her open?
There are a lot of OP champs like B and
Kalista. So I think in on the side of KT
they probably prioritized Kalista
more and I think the draft was prepared
in a way where we just going to have to
split that priority
picks and then you created a comp that
plays around the buy ash alt synergy. So
how did the game play feel?
You know, it was pretty rough in the
earlier stage of the game, but being
able to utilize that kind of alt
synergy, we knew that we would have the
full capacity to be able to win that
game. Yeah, the early game and game two
was a bit tricky, but you led the team
to victory flipping everything around
with the best macro. So, how were you
able to come back?
Well, we had a lot of the lane pryo
because we had by where you can take a
lot of lane
pryo. You know, even though we were
behind in kills, we knew that the global
gold difference wouldn't be too bad. And
we knew that we would be able to win
through team fighting and a lot of the
skirmishes that we are confident
in. And on this big stage, another big
milestone has been
hit. Owner, you reach 400 LCK games.
And what makes it more even even more
meaningful is that Kumayushi has also
reached 400 o games. So how do you feel
about this meaningful
record? You know, ever since I debuted
it, I've always been playing with
Gumayushi. So I think that's just what
led us to play 400 LCK games. You know,
I feel like we both have stacked so much
experience just together. So would you
like to say anything to
Congratulations on 400
[Music]
games. Let's keep on playing. Well, as
long as we
can now that you got to kick off round
two with a victory, what are your goals
for the rest of round
two? You know, it was a two zero clean
victory in our first match of round two.
So, I'm hoping and looking forward to
showing you guys a great fun performance
and more wins in round two compared to
round one. And that's the end of the
interview with owner and back to the
space. Thank you,
dear everybody, for that wonderful
translation. Thank you so much, dear
Yaya. As it is, T1 taking down the LCK
road show. KT homecoming ruining the
homecoming. Dgon here alongside
Chronicler and Wolf and Owner was the
man running the jungle. He was the
heartbeat and has been the heartbeat of
this team all of
2025. It was nice that this time it felt
like you could vote for other people. I
wouldn't be surprised to see Carrier
votes. I wouldn't be surprised to see
Faker votes. Uh Cara's Braum game I
think was actually super super good. And
then uh yeah, there we go. Uh the Faker
votes I think no surprise even though
obviously
yeah I but they're I think they're war
with okay I think had a really good
rumble game and then dominated uh the
lane obviously with a strong matchup and
you know basically took uh his opponent
casting out of the game um and made him
until the end kind of irrelevant. So did
you see those TP? Did you see that TP to
top lane? Look, I want to talk I I want
to talk about the drafting because score
is really going to have to we're going
to have to see some improvements because
leaving the VI over giving the Shinja
over this kind of stuff. I I think we KT
has to to work on this because you can't
talk about the series without talking
about the fact that like the answer was
the way and we're like okay I guess but
didn't feel like that was a really a
comp. Wolf I do agree. Let's pull up if
we can my palm comment. Uh that might
have something to say on this matter
because I'm I'm really with you because
I don't like right there next to me. I I
Well, I am.
How how why are we doing this? This is
arguably the best jungler at the moment
in the LCK. And the only reason he's not
is because I think Peanut in particular
has been playing out of his mind. I
think Canyon has had a much better
season than he did in LK Cup. But like
this was the guy that popularized Vi and
instead of just accepting that he should
not be getting Zenzo
ever, we give it to him and then we have
BDD on a zero and I know it's his
champion. But again, I want to reiterate
what I said in game one. I feel like it
just didn't pay off. No. Um if you look
at my palm comment, I think they forgot
the jungle tier list and the jungler
tier list at the same time. So basically
what you said just in terms of the tier
list like right now is our best jungler.
I feel I think he's better than Canyon
at at the moment. I think we could say
that. Uh and you know when you look at
Peanuts some of his inconsistencies like
I put owner at at number one he's
keeping this team together legitimately
and you gave him the two best picks
period like not even close. Like there's
S tier and then there's like Ztier. They
gave him the Ztier picks. Can't be doing
that. 400 games here for Owner and for
Gumushi as well. Uh, and yet another PO
owner, you can do no wrong, says Ox as
he he basically played pretty perfect.
He he even won them the final game cuz
that game wasn't done and it was owner's
engage that started it on the VI.
Baron, the top side play, basically
anything that happened in the mid game
that looked a little shaky, he did not
do wrong. Hey, he did lose the Otakon
flip. That's true. So, you know, he's
not perfect. It doesn't matter. Like,
what do we Yeah. Well, let's see what
the Korean side had to say for us here.
Uh, Helios going with definitely buying
the owner Vice skin. Yes, absolutely.
Helios is a knower. Everyone kind of can
see that. The flip side is KT wanted to
play their own game, right? They put the
resources into BDD and Cuz in game
number one, didn't quite work out. Then
they get uh Kalista, strongest AD in
early game for Tukdom. But then they
don't I air it with it. I saw the angles
with the Terminus. Uh the Jack shows and
if they got Mountain Soul would have
felt amazing, but this is the final
fight, right? This is the the big moment
here at the end. Guess who's the one
who's able to follow up here? Owner over
the
wall. And KT here is so desperate to
force this play. I think it's the right
call because there's no other move. You
have to force T1 to come to you and
force a mistake. Peter just bails. The
fight is won. I want to give credit to
Doran. I think that he has been
justifiably getting a lot of flack, a
lot of criticism. I think he was the
biggest contributor to winning that team
fight. He put KT in a really awkward
position. He was consistently in and out
of range and he was the reason that Ki
and Peter were like not able to actually
join the rest of the fight. He was
threatening the backline and tie that to
his Rumble. I'm just glad we're seeing
Dorne where we know he is, which is a
great team fighter that within the LCK
should be a very solid top laner. His
laning has been pretty good as well
recently. Very recent. Of course, we're
talking we're talking like last week,
right? I think the first couple of weeks
of LCK were still really rough. Uh but
uh we have to give him credit as well
when uh when it's warranted. And also I
think KT unfortunately uh despite any KP
KT predictors still not looking where we
think this team should be. Hey, uh, can
we can we zoom in on one of the KT
predictors, the only KT predictor today
as we show the stand? I stand by it. I
think that game number two and game
number one KT could have definitely done
a lot better. It was a gamble. I I want
to say I feel like the demise of T1 has
been vastly exaggerated. They did lose
to Bro, which was very concerning, but
BNK uh BNK as well, but that was a while
ago, right? I I do think that this team
is right now sitting at third place in
the Stangsler. They're at six and four.
They have shown their team fighting is
still good. I think the big issues for
T1 will be more exploited by Westside
teams and even though it's kind of scary
and you could see and imagine if your
chronicler um a world where KT and
doesn't have taken the upset win, you
imagined it. I I could imagine I do
think the class the class of T1 is still
stronger. I think T1 is is going to
bounce back.
You of all people are not in a position
to give me grief over this. Tegon never
PR for KT. But you know who I would prep
for? The next team right here. It is.
The Bros are back to close out our week.
They're up against the DN automotive.
Taking the burn. Still
looking very first match win of this
season. Will they be able to do it?
We'll find out. Take responsibility.
Take responsibility. Yeah, we are taking
responsibility to get back in the
winning ways. Taxes start now. See you
in a little
[Music]
bit. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
You found
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Makes me stronger.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
I
[Music]
[Applause]
feel speech.
[Music]
Okay. Okay.
[Applause]
Okay. Okay.
Throw
Okay. Okay.
Okay.
[Applause]
Somebody out
there.
[Music]
Yeah, come here.
[Music]
[Music]
Got to spot.
Go go go go
go.
Oh, man.
[Applause]
Oh yeah.
[Music]
Take us from beyond the past.
The seed is
sown. The spirit knows. May it guide me.
For I again we
wonderful and shaped the path to meet
again on
horizones. The wind is calling your
name. A whisper of the source will never
leave
you. Collect your silver
tears. Afraid they disappear
tomorrow. And these are to
combine. The light it shows.
The darkest knows our tethers and
spirits haunt the restless
mind. We seek to find we'll meet again.
Can't you
[Music]
hear? The wind is calling your name. A
whisper of the songs will never leave
us.
[Music]
Oh, collect your silver
tears and pray that we are here
tomorrow.
[Music]
[Music]
The wind is calling my name. I whisper
on the songs will never leave
me. Collect your silver
tears. Pray I reappear tomorrow.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
God. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Starting with a
[Music]
whisper. I know I find it hard to lose
counting down
hours. But I'll take way this
time. I've been in the fight a million
times. Cutting between the truth and the
life. Can't hold me down for a minute
long.
But doesn't kill
me. Makes me stronger.
[Music]
[Music]
Oh, that makes me stronger.
[Music]
Heat.
[Music]
Heat.
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
in the pool.
Hide. Beautiful.
[Music]
[Music]
Heck yeah, Ramis. Welcome back, ladies
and gent gentlemen, to LCK for 2025. I'm
Atlas, joined by Orcs as we get ready to
dive into the main course of today's
video games. And the final one for the
week, the final one of our first look at
round one of the LCK. We've saved the
best till last. It's DNF versus Bro,
baby. And we've got some big changes
moving into this one as well. This is
going to be a whole lot of fun to figure
out how these teams are going to go with
some newly rejigged rosters, you could
say. Yeah, a couple of changes, you
know, maybe some that you expected,
maybe some that you didn't. Um, and we
will touch on those later. Yeah, let's
keep it a surprise for now. Let's have a
look at the standings, see where these
two teams are situated. As you can see,
seventh place for Bro doing a little bit
better than a lot of us did anticipate
moving into this uh particular season as
DNF 0 and 9. Um, it's about where we
kind of thought they would be, but it's
uh it's still not looking great.
Yeah, I
mean I just think it's it's been rough
on like look, there's a lot of teams
who've had rough moments, rough patches
who struggled a lot. You know, we have
three teams with minus 7 game score who
have three wins, but I I didn't think it
would be this bad. I didn't think that
DNF, even though they've obviously
looked rough, the thing is they're
laning, the early laning often looks
strong. It often looks like they're able
to find some momentum, but then they
just fall apart in the later stage of
the game. And that's understandable if
you're facing a top team. Like that's a
valid way to say, "Oh, they haven't
beaten the top teams, but they haven't
beaten any team." The fact that they the
fact that they haven't been able to
overcome that hump against any team in
the league, having played every other
team in the league, is kind of crazy.
They are looking like they're finding a
little bit more success here and there.
And maybe with a recent change, they
might be able to figure things out. But
so far, I mean, yeah, Bion have had a
pretty good time up against the DN
Freaks dating back to last year as well.
And
I don't know whether the good news is
going to begin, but if it does, it's
going to be with this guy. Pyick going
to be taking some time off and he has
been under a lot of scrutiny. Doy is
making his way in against his former
team. This is a guy that played for the
Bros and actually did managed to
reinvigorate them somewhat uh when we
saw him play last year. Now dawning a
different shirt, looking to try and be
the bane of the Bros existence. And if
I'm being blunt, you know, I think that
uh hasn't been hit. So, I think this
change has potentially be good. And on
the other side, also getting a change.
Crocco coming back. We didn't know he'd
been signed to Bro, they will now step
into the place of Han back and pair up
with Closer again. If you came in today
and you were super excited to see Pure
Shik Hack, you will be disappointed. But
if for some reason you expected Doy
against Crocco, you're going to be
pretty happy. Yeah, you're you're in
fact very surprisingly happy cuz prior
to this they weren't actually playing uh
in the LCK. Closer bringing back his
mate. I don't know whether this is
actually a good idea at all, but they do
have some pre-built synergy. So, there
is I guess that Let's have a look now
though at the game that you and I are
terrible at. Orcs cannot recognize
faces. Yep. No, we're we're just we're
just awful. Now, we need to guess the
top laner here. Who is Dudu? That's the
question. I think it's I think it's
actually just top left. That's all I
don't know though. And it's a bit Oh,
no. Never mind. He's the middle. So, I
messed that one up. Okay, jungle. It's
Crocco. That's uh Sorry, it's Doy that's
supposed to be there. And I need
confirmation that it's not going to be
Pioick or anything like that. There are
six faces on our screen and five that
are going to be playing today. And so,
who we looking for? Who do you reckon uh
could be the uh the Crocco here? The
Dove, you mean? Uh the Doy. And it is
Doy. And he's bottom right. That is a
dope photo. I'm not going to lie to you.
And Pong is going to be bottom middle.
Berserker.
Okie do's bottom left. Top left is top.
Yeah. And then life is top right. What
is it with supports and actually just
kind of looking the same? Yeah, it's uh
it's kind of nutty. Well, we get there.
We definitely got them before they
showed up. Yep. Um Pic still there on
that one as Oh my goodness. Look at the
bros.
Seven of them. Yep. Okay. Well, Lord
Morgan, who is it? Top left. I think
that's a good good guess. I'm loving the
shades. Yeah. I don't Are they allowed
to wear shades? Cuz we've just It's It
becomes difficult to recognize when
they're young, but then you put shades
on them. Makes it even more ridiculous.
And so Morgan is going to be top left.
Obviously, I'm going to get that one
right. I'm the biggest Morgan fan in the
history of the world, but uh it's very
difficult to otherwise identify everyone
outside of the guy at middle top on the
right being Paulo. Um Hanbach is the guy
with the six shades and closer.
Hype there as well. Hype definitely
changing a bunch as Bull not quite here
today, but he's going to be there top
right. Bull not looking psyched about
not being included in today's roster,
you know, and this is really fun, but I
just know that like Wolf and Brendan are
going to be like, "Yeah, I got like
Yeah, I got 11 out of 11." 18 out of 13.
Yeah, you guys are so bad at this. They
probably even got 14 out of 13. They
probably got things right that weren't
even available to be right. I know that
they did. Um, but we're we're just we're
we're here. You That's the thing. It's
like when people watch like game shows
and they're like, "Oh, you idiot. I
would have got that question right and
won a million, right? And it's like,
well, it's they don't understand the
kind of pressure we're under. The
stress, speaking of pressure and stress,
Dian Freaks have not won a series so far
here in 2025 LCK. So, let's see whether
they can do it today and whether Doy is
going to be the answer they've been
looking for, much like Juhan did for in
the past. Can Doy provide that? He can
definitely provide being really tall. He
is extraordinarily tall. That's pretty
cool.
If the winning team was just which team
stacked up to be the tallest, I think
they'd have a very keen advantage there.
But uh yeah, we'll have to see what they
bring on the day. Both teams with
different junglers from what we've seen
from them will represent a big change. I
think there's other roles in a team you
can slot and change a lot easier, a lot
smoother than the jungle. But the jungle
represents such a core for how a team
plays out, particularly the early game.
Yeah. that I expect pretty different
looks from both of these lineups.
Actually, I think it's so beautiful as
well that we get this as both teams
swapping junglers. I think for Bro, it's
a step down and I think for the DN
freaks, it's a step up a really long
way. Y and we'll have to see whether
that's going to actually be represented
in the gameplay here today. Top side of
the map though is what we're looking at
here. Dudu actually picking up seven
solo kills. You know what? I feel like
in in secret I'm going to say something.
You look at the KDAs 1.7 and two. These
don't look great. No, no, no, no, no.
This is this shows they're true top
laners because if you ever look at like
a top laner, even like a challenger top
laner in solo Q, all gray KDAs on the
profile. That's just how it is. You
know, that's a this is the epitome of
it. It is what it is. The best in the
game. It's the true top lane spirit.
Okay. If your KDA is like, you know,
Chovy had his infinite KDA over that
period. That's not a top lane thing. No,
no, no. You have negative infinite KDA
is kind of how that one goes. You're in
the trenches, you know, but you
persevere. You sometimes think, why do I
play top lane? But you always were a top
laner. Yeah. And then who you are and
you always think it and then you just
reue and you're like, oh, I guess I'm
top lane again. Oh, whoops. Like the
thousand gamer Ren. Lock it in, you
know. Yep. And honestly, Renekton got
buffed, so I wouldn't be I wouldn't mind
seeing Morgan on it. I do think that
this might be the time that the DN
freaks manage to figure something out
because on the other side, the big
experiment here for Bro is is the Crocco
closer synergy still there and is it
enough to make this team look better for
the iteration that has Hanukk on the
roster? That's the thing is like I just
feel like Hanach was having some solid
performances. He's really good and you
know they're banking on this. The thing
is like I think Pio looked pretty
underwhelming. So I think Doy you the
bar is pretty low to outperform what Pio
was displaying but I think Crocco like I
don't think Ro's issues stemmed from the
jungle. And I think ultimately Crocco
has to really perform at a high level
just to not only match what Hanach has
done, but then to show that this sub
substitution was worth it. Yep, I would
100% agree with you. Rapid Star versus
Edgar as far as the coaches are
concerned. Let's see who's going to be
able to come out on top. I think uh
Rapid Stars had a bit of a rough one to
start this one off. Uh you can see Punch
there standing beside behind Berserker
as well. see whether some of these
drafts can look a bit better. As far as
like the the Valdez test is concerned,
he does have some choice words for some
of our coaches. They're not necessarily
his least favorite, but I think there
have been some questionable decisions.
And let's see whether that has been
sorted out as we dive into the ban
phase. So, let's see whether Vi gets
banned first. That might Oh, wow. Wait,
you can ban Vi now? That's crazy. That's
really interesting, man. Isn't it cool
to have a real game of League of
Legends? Yeah, it is pretty neat that
now. Okay, Y going to be taken away. Uh
Closer, of course, a very good Y player.
Gwen going to be the mandatory ban by
the looks of things on this red side.
Yeah. So, right now, Rumble also being
banned. Jace kind of standing out as
that top lane left available.
And do you know what the worst part is?
If Jace is left up, Morgan isn't going
to pick it. So, you don't even need to
first pick Jace.
They might though regardless. But like
Zenzo Azir. Yeah, just pick Azir. Oh my
god.
This is really good heads up play from
uh from the Dian Freaks though to
identify the fact that they won't play
Jace anyway. And if they do, I don't
think they're going to be too worried
about it. Does Morgan try his luck at
the champion? I think they just go Tia
Zo doesn't sound too bad. Uh pretty big
good rotation of that. They will secure
those. Now for DM freaks, I think you
could go like Jace
uh Jace Sajuani. J Sajuani, Jace
Nefairy, I think are both good options
in this situation. I don't like Neferi
quite as much. Um with Azir kind of feel
like just a tank would be okay. Yeah, I
mean options are there. True.
Pantheon though looking to potentially
come in. So Pantheon secured and then
the Jace instead. So going for one of
those AD junglers that can be pretty
aggressive early on. Uh Pantheon been
pretty successful so far on the LCK. And
then top side going for the Jace from uh
sorry the Scion into the Jace from
Morgan which is a match up we've seen a
good amount of times. Obviously the Jace
will have the early pressure but Scion
is Scion. Yep. Doesn't care and just
scales up. We saw Rich have a pretty
good Scion performance. Took him 32
minutes to die and it felt like they
were hitting him the entire time. That
is the perfect Scion performance there.
That's peakion now just become
unkillable.
Now looking bans next rotation ra going
to get banned away. Uh I don't think
this is that great of a ban when you
have talia. I think playing raan into is
miserable but uh they could have also
picked it. Poly was a decent raan player
but not wanting to risk a poppy or
something like that perhaps. I think
maybe concerned cuz like you know if you
if you pick Zion four they could pick
Rakan away you know maybe and obviously
on on blue side you can pick your lane
together so maybe that's why but either
way Nautilus can get banned away so
limiting some of those engage options
still a lot of AD carries available
there's only Kalista and Varys have been
banned
out we'll see if they start to hammer
away more at those pools a little later
on but yeah I think if they start here
there's going to be another one taken
away otherwise it could just be supports
Alistister interesting. Normally we see
uh red side will pick Alistar on four
and kind of prioritize that. So again
not completely agree with beyond support
bands come out this rotation. Um another
one is that Polo can then counter pick
for support a little bit more
comfortably if you ban the Alistar on
red side and so then you can pick your
AD carry and then have a better lane
matchup perhaps. Okay, Ezreal banned. I
mean you could just take Re in this
situation. Take blind brawn.
Interesting. That is a choice that you
could make. So I mean here DM freaks
have your option to go for a range
support to try and bully this out. You
can go something like the Elise. You
could also just go for like a Poppy. Re
is also even, you know, it's playable.
It's fine. You have a lot of options in
this situation. He's just not going to
pick Leona into the braw. That would
definitely be a mistake. Yep. Uh so if
they go on the Kai here, it's probably
going to be Kaiser, I would think.
Wouldn't mind it. And then I wonder if
hype is on the Lucian train uh that we
saw obviously Guma have that game in the
last one cuz again that that Zenzar
brawl Lucian trio was really strong
added into the mix and that is you can't
skim against that. It's looking pretty
scary. Let's see what life has to try
and round out this composition. It will
be the Nico. Okay, so they're going for
ultimate lane power. Yeah, I think the
Nico, you know, still provides that uh
engage role to an extent, but has that
range element that pairs uh that deals a
bit better with the bum. You don't have
to run into the bum necessarily. You can
try the route from a distance. You can
also use shape spplitter as well to
block Winter's bite to stop that from
being as much of an issue. Yeah. And
they end up going for the Ash. So, I
mean, still this is a strong bot lane
duo. you're not going to have as much
pressure as you typically would because
you allow them to pick up that uh Nico
instead of them having something melee.
But uh both teams decent amount of power
across the board. I think I'm I'm liking
Bro Comp a little bit more like the Tia
value, the Zenzou value. Yep. The Ash
Braum 5v5s. You got such a strong front
line. You got great backline damage and
those skirmishes as well are going to be
very difficult to deal with. Yep. If I
was looking at this and instead of Dian
Freaks, it said Humble Life Esports, I'd
say that this is unplayable for Bro. But
I don't think that Dudu is necessarily
the same kind of Jace that you can see
on the top side of the map. I think that
there is a world where if this Jace is
played exceptionally well, this game
could just be over from the laning
phase. Yeah, but I don't know whether
that is what's going to be the case here
for the DN Freaks that haven't been able
to find a victory here in the LCK yet
for this season. Today could indeed
though be the day. Can they topple the
Bros or will you show your support? I
don't I don't see anything highlighted
in this chat. Like, what is going on,
guys? If you want the Bros to win, you
need to pay your bro tax. Where is the
bro tax? I see none of it. And I'm going
to require it. Do you guys think that
Crocco can make things happen? I just
get exhausted. The fact we have to
mention this every single bro series.
You guys should know by now. Exactly.
This is uh actually kind of um it's
almost inconceivable that I do not see
these locked in. Finally, they're
starting to come through. Let's get into
the game.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
Okay, I'm proud of you guys. Finally,
the chat is highlighted. The bro tax is
being paid and we're ready to go. One
guy even said Atlas tax. I'm sorry,
dude. You didn't need to do that. It's
It's just the protax that's required. Um
as All right, Dian Freaks setting up
pretty defensively here. I do think that
it's a pretty deadly composition when it
comes to team fighting. I think that
they have a lot of ability to collapse
and things like that. Counter engage
with Pop Blossoms and stuff could be
really strong, but like you're saying,
the core of this Zenzouia is going to be
really, really hard to deal with. And
bro, getting a great mid jungle duo for
Closer and Crocco will be a great way
for us to see whether these guys do have
that synergy built up. Yeah, I mean I
feel like Azia is the the number one
prior mid lane on the patch, but Tia has
a good match up into the Azia. So I
think having the Azia Tia and the
Zenzou, you feel so good about this.
Apollo as well uh with the Braum. I
think brums in Zo very strong combo and
it really makes the Pantheon's life
difficult cuz if you're jumping in to
immediately get the concussive blows on
you knocked up into stunned. You're not
having a good time. No, I think uh Doy
is going to have to play this one out
pretty creatively as we get later into
the game. First, it's going to have to
be some uh laning. Let's see how that
one's going to go here towards bottom
side. You can imagine Berserker and Life
going to be feeling okay. And Berserker
in a good lane. That's uh it's going to
be a very good story for
DM as life probably wants to get more
than just a little bit of blooming burst
as he he was hit by that could have been
a lot of damage. Yeah, I think it's just
it's tricky cuz in an ideal world
playing against a melee character as
Nico, you want to walk up, you want to
be landing autos, consistent harass, but
if you get hit by like a a bum Q into a
volley, yeah, you're in so much danger.
So, you do have to be a little cautious.
Shape spplitter are going to be helping
out but uh otherwise not too much as
we're having another look at our younger
versions of our players. Very very
cute here in the mid lane up against
closer doing okay in the lane for now
but has had some struggles here in the
LCK unfortunately. Um the mid lane has
been bit of a pain point you know the
end freaks I'll say cuz they put him in
for that first series against Geng.
Yeah, and game two he played Ari into
Silus and he was doing a pretty good job
in the lane.
Yeah, Dudu is going to try and taxi his
way out on top of Crocco as win becomes
lightning comes on in. They get the
flash out from the Jace and Dudu is
going to go back home. That is mission
successful here. First gank for Crocco
in the LCK for 2025 and it works out.
Yeah, it was a great time to gank. Uh
and it was the perfect time to flash on
Dudu. I think flashing at any other time
and you're just dead. So, ends up being
enough to save him, but the wave is in a
little bit of rough spot. He will TP in
just to try and shove that out. Speaking
of shoves, that one's going to land as
Punan in trouble. Closer running out of
mana. Yeah, as another Arise will come
on through. Punan realizing that he
doesn't need to beware of the rocks for
closer does not have any blue to power
them. Yeah, the thing I was saying is
that second match against I mean Genji
obviously rolled them, but his laning
against Chobi was pretty solid. could
just flash his way in midline does not.
They're just going to put the wave in an
okay spot. Yeah, especially as they
don't have vision on this bot side. You
can see warning things come out. They
will just back away.
So, helping his uh Azir just got a reset
off there. Both mid laners will reset
and no doubt TP back in uh bot lane. You
can see bit of pryo in favor of the DM
Freaks and top lane as well. So, overall
lanes positive for DM Freaks in the
early levels. Yeah. Oh, this could be a
huge gank. Oh god. Okay, Dy going to
come on. Yeah, huge G. Monster gank.
Mega gank. I said it could be a huge
gank, but it's not. It's not. Um, you're
right. And it just unfortunately wasn't.
It was a little bit closer. I think he
like held out of vision for so long, but
he could have moved in quicker and then
yes, closes the information, but he
can't cancel the TP. Speaking of cancel.
Oh my god. Okay, Paul's flashing. Do's
jumping and I think Do going to have to
flash as well. his door not quite as
powerful as hype goes in as well. Div is
dead. Does get a lot of summoner spells
for his troubles, but that is still
first blood going over to the AD
carrier, the bros. And that is what you
get for your bro tax, ladies and
gentlemen. Yeah, Kroco was over the wall
ready to flash if they needed him, but
the Bum and the Ash was enough to deal
with that one. Pantheon not really good
at going out. He's very much a go in
sort of champion. Y and Light just
taking a wander in the river as a
minion. Yeah, going to be coming on over
dealing with his blue buff right now as
the DM freaks just setting themselves
up. Let's have a look at this one more
time. And it was a bit of a like it was
a lot of a lot invested to make sure
that they could get hype this first
blood, but they did get it for him. The
honestly the W onto the scuttle crab to
dodge the I think might have just been
lucky honestly. But either way, he did
he was able to dodge that initial one
which meant they had to invest more to
kill him. But uh yeah, Dave not finding
himself in the best situation. Not a
great start for the new jungler for DM
Freaks. Yep. Life doing some
experimenting with his uh shape
spplitter button. Um but in the
meantime, you've got a 51 to 41 on the
bottom side of the map as far as farm is
concerned. Dian Freaks being able to
mitigate some of the uh
difficulties by getting a lot of farm
onto Berserker who is certainly where
the money is made for this team. Dive
and Croco going to spot one another.
level advantage here for Dove right now.
Not too
bad. Okay, Jace making his way back to
lane. Morgan gets down towards these
grubs first as Pongan going to get flung
back once again. Polo comes on over.
Emperor's Divide going to be blocked as
there's the flash forward from Closer,
but unable to actually get too much out
of it. And now Paulo's the one that's in
trouble. Bongan, do you have a queue
available? He doesn't, but Do and he's
going to be able to grab a follow-up
kill here for DN Freaks. and now able to
move on over towards this grub pit as
well. And you can see Crocco was only
able to grab two of them. So not going
to be able to get the feat of strength
or anything like that. Still getting
majority is great here for Yeah, but I
think Dre's happy able to turn that
around and get that kill ultimately.
Like it was a good play
onto there, but I think they just
overstepped the hand a little bit and
disrespected the fact that the jungler
could turn up. So I like the amount of
gusto close they had though. dashing in
when I don't he saw something
he flows and was like hey I can auto
attack
and he uh well he didn't quick
enough do going to get spotted on his
wolves once again being pretty good
aiming these hog shots make sure they
have as much information as
possible life will be roaming over but
you can see berserker just catching this
wave feeling okay hypes made up for the
CS gap a little it, but actually after
this wave is taken down, it's actually
not going to mean anything at
all. And so DNF slight lead as we move
towards the mid game. Do have a drake
being started up here by Crocco, Hype,
and Apollo. Just don't think there's any
way the Pantene can really come in and
contest this without flash even though
he has a level advantage. He's level
six. Srio so much power between them.
Yep. So not going to risk it. That's
going to get spotted by a void seeker.
And do just going to answer this by
taking down the enemy red buff. Noodle
and Morgan fighting once again. Morgan's
been pretty good at playing these losing
matchups though. It's kind of been his
career. And so just existing as Scion is
going to be the way he plays the game.
As I say, that could have been a
cast. But yeah, they could look right
now.
Divs to reset. He does want to defend
his bot side jungle having just stolen
away the red buff. Uh concerned maybe
that he could be contested. You can see
on the way ping's coming in. Yeah. Uh
but aren't overstepping. They're not
looking to steal away camps in return.
Whether it's because Crocco is concerned
he'll be contested or he thinks top side
is still up. He is heading towards that
now and he will quickly find out what he
has lost. Well, Arrow is going to sail
on
by. Dudu just watches it. doesn't even
react, man. Ice cold. Not a bad shot to
be honest, but just a little off. Yeah,
looks to do a bit of damage here to
Morgan who doesn't have a lot of mana to
answer
as with Zen out. Nowhere near. Not going
to be too much of an issue. So, the
thing is Morgan looks low there. Yeah,
but in fact, he has two biscuits in his
inventory. Yeah. So, he actually has
like a thousand health at his disposal.
Um and Dudu doesn't. So, that's why he
goes home. Yep. which is definitely the
right call. Uh, and I think it's kind of
at the point now where Morgan could just
burn through the waves. It is very hard
to shove out of lane. And he's going to
just drive his way towards his bottom
side. As you can see, train coming on
down. And always satisfying to see the
entire back wave get eliminated. Oh, he
did get that. Oh, I was so
worried insta pop queue. It's a
dangerous one.
Okay, Berserker here towards top side
and there are a lot of Pantheons moving
towards uh that particular lane. So
hopefully uh the Infreds will be able to
keep their key character alive.
Life moves up and Apollo is going to
waste a bit of mana on the fake one.
There you go. And I think you know
surprisingly being that we always talk
about the grow and brew are pretty happy
with this game going a little bit slower
pace. Oh yeah. Um, I I also think Dian
Freaks are also probably pretty happy
about it. Yeah, I don't think anyone
wants to make any sudden moves. You
know, in the last game we had KT doing
insane things all the time. T1 making
snap decisions and stuff like that. This
is going to be about indecision,
gentlemen. That is what this series is
going to be. It's about not being able
to trust your instincts, but still
needing to make plays if you want to
ever win the game. And we'll see who's
going to be able to make the right
calls. see whether that first, you know,
instinctual move is actually going to
pay off or whether it will be the death
nail. I just worry for when Adakan
spawns, you know. Oh god. Yeah, it is
the bane of so many teams. It is indeed.
Specifically, these two are examples I
would give. Now though, setting up for
the grubs. We are getting a recall from
the Azir though, so he'll have to TP
back in if he wants to assist. I feel
like the freaks aren't really in
position to contest this. In fact, Zer
is farming the wave. The Z is not even
there yet. This could just be three
grubs for bro. Theoretically, there is
killer instinct available here for
Berserker if they do want to get on
over. Void Seeker is going to connect
onto Hype, but there's a pop blossom.
Flash comes through. That's a lot of
value. Weaver as well to bring Closer in
though. And now Crocco is looking to
turn it. Life just gets eviscerated in
an instant as Pongan does make his way
out and gets out before the concussive
blows goes off. Never mind though,
Closer gets over that wall and takes him
out. And now Do Berserker needing to
leave. And bro just having the answers
here and ultimately as much as live
caugh three with the pop blossom the
followup just wasn't there. You know the
Azir wasn't in position yet to do
anything about it. The old that came out
from Polo did a great job of disengaging
and after everything said and done bro
with the kill advantage although they're
not able to finish off those grubs
without the jungle. We'll see the
replay. So life he finds sangle to ult
in but the ult from Paulo stops Roy from
following up and then they just close.
Yeah, I was going to say they turn onto
the Nico, but they turn onto the Tier in
this situation and now DM Freak should
be able to clean up. It was an ult
managed to get him onto the Yep. Uh one
of the grubs was taken here by Crocco
who just values getting as much
experience as possible. Maybe uh the
bros just don't really care about grubs
as yeah this was a grand starle and even
though there were rocks didn't seem to
matter.
Yeah enough dabby stabby major stun came
out now threeon one having a pretty good
start to this game already. Yeah I feel
like him and Crocco have both come out
of the gates swinging. I think Crocco
making some really good decisions
setting up for his team quite
nicely. And as you say, do 100% of kills
here for the DN Freaks.
The dragon is going to spawn this time.
There is a ward in the back of the pit.
So the DN Freaks know what's going on or
at least they did. They do have Pry in
the bot lane. So feel comfortable,
especially with their vision set up to
look this immediately. We'll see if Dave
is able to move over, but no alt, no
flash.
I think this is risky. It's so hard,
especially both the Pantheon and the
Nico have no flash pushing into this
team. Very difficult because they're
both champions that can survive a long
time but aren't tanky. You know, the the
Nico obviously has a ro and has her W
that can sort of by time. The Pantheon
has a stun, but like if you get hit by a
bit of CC, you're dead in such a short
amount of time. You know, I saidi point
I'm making. Yeah. Um, they could have
been, but they weren't. A little bit
more battle junglers in this particular
game. Cloud Soul this time around as
well. Earth, Wind, and Fire. You love to
see it. It's not quite September, but it
feels like it, you know. It is starting
to warm up over here in Korea as well.
Not nearly as cold as it was a few
months ago. Yeah. But normally September
in a lot of countries is is colder, you
know. Oh, really? Yeah. September's like
kind of nice here, you know? It's like
autumn. it. You've just had a really
disgusting summer of just sweating
forever and it's a nice bit of respite
before it gets so cold. Sure. But isn't
is it is it warm in Australia in I mean
it's the same. It's like the middle part
no matter what where you are. I guess
just transition season. I guess I guess
that makes sense. I'm just you know the
fact you guys have sunny December is a
bit it is a bit confusing but also we
wouldn't the fact that it gets sunny at
all be confusing to you? Yeah. You know
we don't really deal with that very
much. Oh, we do actually. No, we get a
couple of days every year. I've heard
about those. I'm sure they're wonderful.
Uh, Sunday December is fun though. And
it was weird having my first uh white
Christmas as Arrow once again sails past
whoever's in the top lane. Were you ever
confused? Like so in in Australia? Yeah.
Does Santa just wear like B short? Oh
yeah. All the time. He drives a youth as
well. It's fantastic as Crocco gets
engaged on, but he kind of likes that.
Pop Blossom as the answer, but I think
life is still dead. And Pongan, he's
going to have to do some funny business
to get himself out. Does manage to do
so. Void seeker comes in, hits Polo, and
he does not care. The DM Freaks cannot
find an inroad in this game. Nope.
Struggling with the same issue. Just
this brick wall that is Bro's front line
causing problems for them when they're
trying to make a headway. Uh it's still
only a slight advantage in favor of the
Bs, but those two dragons in pocket make
them feel very secure right now. Oh
yeah. And the very early male coming out
from
uh Polo on the Braum here. So we'll see
they jump on the Z out maybe thinking he
just didn't have the backup. The wall
comes in and traps Life who just, you
know, he's forced to but doesn't really
do anything. That wall was absolutely
gorgeous from closer. Really nicely
played.
And Life's Wos are continuing on this
Nico. I I feel like his hit percentage
though is like it's three on average. Um
get a lot of people with the alult. It's
just not meaning. Never done anything.
That's the the problematic part. Doesn't
quite have the pop boss available right
now. Does at least have heal. His flash
will be up very very soon. So the next
objective could be one that they could
fight for. And that's looking like the
Herald right
now. And Crocco is looking to start that
one up. Not wasting any time at all.
Okay, DM Freaks, are we fighting for
this or are we looking for something
else? Life pretty close to having that
pop blossom, but not quite with it in
hand just yet. They don't even know the
health bar now. They do as Berserker
finds a void seeker. Closer not finding
the angle just yet as life really want
to flash on in. Get that pop loss
happening. Arrow going to come on
through. There is the snap back and the
immediate flash away from Doy. The DN
Freaks understand that they're not able
to do anything about this is okay.
Berserker goes in just nabs himself a
kill. Nicely done. Flash Emperor is
divided. Crocco now finds himself in
amongst it. Let's see whether he can
keep himself alive as Pion side steps
the seismic shove and then takes a
billion rocks to the face and dies.
Crocco going 1 v one against Berserker
and it does not work. But life is on the
floor once again and Bro yet another
team fight this time with a triple kill
for the AD carry. Dri trying to punish
but unfortunately they're not able to
take out the carries off the Bros. close
on Hype, stay strong and just deal with
everyone in front of them. Yes,
Berserker gets a little bit of clean up,
but ultimately broke him out ahead after
securing the Herald as well. Yeah,
really nicely played here by the Bros.
And they're the ones that got the the
return, right, they were already up in
this fight. We're going to have a look
at it one more time as Dave gets engaged
on, but Tia showing her value once again
as well with the seismic shove. Yeah, he
gets a kite out before he CC. They see
Paulo being on low HP and I think this
is fine from Berserker to get this kill,
but the thing is they keep stepping up
here. The shuffle comes out, catches his
inab. He's got his ult up, right? And
Berserker has to respect his threat. And
then Hype and Closer just clean up the
Azir, clean up the Pantheon, who's
already low. And then BLS, but he
doesn't have the damage to really do
anything here. So they just end up
sacrificing three kills there. I think
if they just taken the Braum kill and
backed away would have been fine. Yep.
Life's still averaging 2.6 people with
his ultimate though, so that's pretty
good. Pretty solid. Yep. Um zero as far
as effectiveness. Ah yes. Uh which is
impressive. Um but for the opposite
reasons, you know, and not necessarily
ones you want to talk about. DM Freaks
are going to try and defend their bottom
out of turret. Just don't know about it
as it will be taken down. The rest of
Bro
still defending making sure that these
two are going to be able to make it out.
Okay, as Berserker is coming over once
again. Let's see whether DM Freak's
going to be able to fight for this soul
point. The bro are now starting up once
again. Do no ultimate, no flash. So, he
has to walk in to get access to this
dragon. It's so hard against his team.
Yep. Shape spplitter is at least going
to buy them a little bit of information
as there's a flash. Nabs two as well as
life is able to at least get something
done. But it's another great flick back
onto Berserker and he just throws
himself into the mix. I don't know about
that one as this team fight has Morgan
in it. Pong being able to find the Braum
is kind of cool, but who cares? Hype's
able to shut him down. And this
Scion, the first team fight he's in, he
nows two kills for himself and looks
great. Just so well played. I mean, Do
trying to get in, but they're playing
this sort of bruiser line to block
closer. Unfortunately, his flash is a
little off. Still gets caught here. It
takes a ton of damage, but then it's
tight freehitting just shredding down
Berserker turns onto Dory afterwards.
He's still full HP, still healthy. And
even when the Azir comes in afterwards,
the passive is applied by Apollo, his
job is done. Yeah, really nicely done.
The Lord himself just said, "No, we we
will not be losing this team fight." And
the impact of having a Scion teleport in
versus a Jace teleport in to the very
middle of a team fight um is about as
night and day as you can get. Yep. also
went the frozen hard first item which
has just tons of value here when not
only is there a lot of AD champions but
like the Azir even though being AP the
attack speed slow has a lot of value so
Morgan is just vibing in this game so
far but hype more than anyone ash really
powerful combo but you can see every
time they try and dive in he just hasn't
been threatened 60 and four so far he's
doing so much work yep incredibly
dangerous two items now completed for
the Ashiles and the phantom dancer some
fast attacking oh Yeah, as the Articon
has been started up and sometimes, you
know, we'd be talking about Articon
being like, "Oh, this is a mistake."
Well, I think the Bros are probably
going to be okay. That's my feeling. The
rest of the DN Freaks is going to try
and prove me wrong, though. Teleport
comes in. It's an honest
5v5. Can the Bros get something done?
Morgan's been softened up here. Yeah,
you got to remember as well the resist
shredding that comes out even if you are
tanky. Arrow going to connect onto Pong.
There's the flick back as well. just
delivered on a silver platter. But the
answering kill is going to be there. Mid
lane for support though doesn't feel
great for the DN Freaks and Art going to
be left alone for the moment. And the DN
Freaks not wanting to let it reset. I
think it's the right call from Bro here
to back away. You got the pick. Great.
But unless you have a massive advantage,
unless you're able to go like two for
zero with the picks, it just shreds so
hard. Even though we have these tankier
members on it, it's not just about the
HP like being whittleled down, but the
the resist shred that comes through.
Yeah, like we saw how quickly Polo just
got exploded there. Even Morgan was
taking a lot of damage from incidental
poke. Let's have a look at it one more
time. So yeah, Polo just because he's
his resistance has been shredded so
much. And remember, he's not a massive
tank. The void team comes in and helps
secure the kill. He just does not feel
tanky after he has been whittling down
with it. He only has a kills as well. So
I think Fro, you know, the setup was
fine. They looked for it, but the the
correct decision was backing away and I
think it's showing them elevated a bit
that they made that call. So a lot of
teams we've seen would have just doubled
down and uh regretted it. Yeah, we've
seen a bit of that. Still about 3,000
gold is the lead here for the Bros
as Bon. Oh man, you know, denied the
control W. feels bad when a Scion is
played in a Jace and a Scion is up in
farm and is tied highest level in the
game. Yeah, that's when you know you're
in a rough spot because I mean the Scion
has the same farm as the 80 carries in
this game. It's kind of nutty. Like
we've had so many games, especially when
we had lane swap meta where picks like
Scion would be, you know, down 50 60 80
100 CS on the 80 carries. That Fed Scion
is demonic. Well, let's see whether this
Fed Scion can just drive his way out or
whether he doesn't even have to. He just
walked by them and the ending despair
healed for 182. Yeah, that's pretty
silly. Oh, shave splitter. Six points in
Australia for that one between the
posts.
Oh, you have your weird rules, isn't it?
Yeah. If you if you miss, you get a
point. You get a point. Yeah. And if you
really miss, you don't you don't get a
point. You're really really missing. So,
how So would that So that was between.
So that would get the full points.
That's six points. Yeah. If it misses
slightly, it's just the one. It's just
the one. If it hits the post, it's also
one. Oh, okay. And if you just throw it
like equal distance even further to the
left or right, then that's out on the
full and that would be a free kick for
the other side. It feels silly.
Yeah. Yeah. So, you need to have some
kicking accuracy. I don't know all that
much about the AFL to be honest. I
always thought it was a little silly. As
Okay, being considered once again.
Things are dark, but Pan's right here,
so he is going to be able to uh give
them an idea that they're going to be
starting this one off down very quickly.
Okay, teleport in. The Scion is going to
be joining. That looks like the decision
is let's just do it. And let's see
whether Nike was uh the right call as
they do manage to get the out. So, they
get the buff, but can they find more?
That is just one with the pop blossom,
but it might be the best one that life
has found so far as Dudu also able to
take down Crocco. Pion turns up to the
fight so that he can just get recalled.
And the rest of the team is also dead
now as well. Well, not dead, but sort of
dead. Yeah. So, it ends up being a one
for five and sh they're recalled.
They're not actually dead. That's a,000
gold given over. So, I I think you know
it's better than bro getting the buff,
but it's not good for the DM freaks.
They take the buff off the map, but they
pay for it dearly. Thousand gold, isn't
it? Yeah. You see the situation where
Kroco is kind of isolated and alone. It
looks like he might go down, but he's
isn't Zo. He stalls for a lot of time.
They turn out to close. Light does. And
eventually Kroco loses his life, but
closer gets a good clash here to dodge
the Azir. And then this is when Hype
shows up and it's like, okay. And Morgan
got it. Like getting over the wall and
being like, I'm ready to DPS. And then
immediately getting arrowed to the face.
That is significant though. The recalls
rather than the death uh that Crocco had
means they are able to pick up the
dragon. It's a nice soul from Bro for a
bit longer. Yep. And I I do think that
Oh, all right. Morgan going to get male
but still taking a lot of damage here.
Tangle Bob's not going to connect as now
trying to come on over as Berserker
hunting. Does have the void seeker in
the air but doesn't land that onto
Crocco. The sad thing is there was some
pretty great spots for potential TP on a
flank but you know Jace was already
there. to Jace and Azia had no TP. But
that's a sort of play with a pushed up
like that that you really could have
seen an angle to punish, but it doesn't
come through. And now as Hype picks up
Infinity Edge. Oh dear. Yeah, no one's
that tanky on DM Freaks, but even if
they were, they wouldn't be against Hype
right now.
This Ash is very, very scary. 70 and
four. I think often times we see, you
know, Ashvilles where you have a bit of
more defensive itemization mixed in by
third item just so you can be a bit more
durable, but this is just I'm going to
shred everyone. And with credit to him,
Hyper's kind of proven he doesn't need
to to lean into the more defensive
angle. He can just massacre. Yeah. And
there there's not very many numbers in
the middle there as we can see. So until
he dies, I think we're going to give him
a pass as Life of Berserker here in this
in this mid lane do have their Pantheon
backing them up. But the
bros always together as Closer there
with his uh Banshees on the
way and Void Seeker still coming on
down. Starting to hurt a little bit more
as the AP start to come in. Sometimes
you throw an arrow into the wrong thing,
you know. Yeah,
I well you
know happens I guess it is what it is.
It it do be what it be. Yeah, it is at
least a low cool down. Yeah. Um but
yeah, taking a bit of poke hollow a
little bit late with a shield there and
they will just be forced on the jungle
by the DM freaks.
Don't throw an arrow with that one.
unable to stop the back as closer does
complete his vansion veil now
and Berserker now moving towards this
mid lane. Will they be able to take down
the outer turret anytime soon? That's
the question. I do not think so. I think
there's just so much threat. You know,
you walk up, you get tagged by a slow
and there are a lot of slows on bro. Um
and the slow bro one of my Pokémon of
all time. I was going to say favorite.
It's not really just not. What's your
favorite favorite fly?
Big Flygon fan. It's a pretty good one.
I was a bit sad that his stats were bad.
Yeah. You know what? I've been pretty
partial to recently. You'll know the
answer.
No. Oh, yes. No, I didn't. I know that
you've been partial to
and it's not only because of product.
It's mainly because of the emote pack.
The emote pack is so good. And then I
got a Psyduck plushy when I was in
Japan. I'm just like, you know what?
Yeah, if I was a kid, this would be my
whole personality for the next 6 years.
Fair enough.
Maybe I still am a kid cuz I kind of
feel in that way. Yeah. No, it's it's
it's completely understandable. And
Psyduck very relatable Pokémon as well,
you know, especially if you get
headaches. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. You know,
maybe Psyduck gets more relatable the
older you get. And I think a lot of KT
fans are relating to Psyduck in the last
Oh, yeah. That's right. Shock blast
going wide as the rocks come on through,
but nothing more really going to be
discovered. These void seekers can start
to get a little bit dangerous as we have
a bat coming in for Berserker. I think
that the Nash's Tooth is pretty
close, but uh yeah, the money is well
and truly in Bro's coffers and they are
in no rush, ladies and gentlemen. They
can take their time and that's precisely
what they're doing. They're the team
with the big Scion. you know, he is just
farming up a storm. And
getting an insane amount of health just
on the back of his passive.
1,216 already. Uh that health bar is
going to look a little bit comical when
you see it. Yep, there it is. That's a
lot of blocks uh being put together as
Morgan almost took and damage
but did not. Arrow going to connect here
on Puman who will be able to get over
the wall. Flash out from Berserker is
now trapped in between the wall and the
other wall. That was a bit awkward as
now Morgan is is tanking. Is he under
any threat? No, he's not. Uh Crocco
going to be dashing in on top of Life,
but Life isn't too worried about it. And
we had a lot of potential engaging and
not a lot of actual engage. Did get the
flash from Viv and Berserker though.
Pretty big cool downs to burn. Although
at a cost of two big ultimates in the
Ash and BMS, you're not going to have
this dragon fight in 10 seconds. Oh.
Yeah, there's the pub blossom though.
Finds three in the backline. Too on a
flank angle, but Crocco's pretty tanky.
Morgan's immovable. And they go one for
one, but there's the crash. This Scion,
oh no, it is despair, but it's despair
for DNF as Berserk are going to get
ripped to shreds. And yes, Morgan is
unable to be killed. They just cannot
cut through him. You know, he walks
forward. In the meantime, the rest of
Bro is slowly mounting ahead with the
power of the Braum, the Tia, the Ash,
just shredding any target and Morgan is
just unstoppable. They now will pick up
that cloud soul. Not going to go for the
Baron without the jungler. I think they
honestly maybe could have thought this,
but they're going to play it safe,
which, you know, fair enough. The engage
does land on the hype, but Dudish is not
in range to immediately follow up and
follows immediately there to apply the
passive. Morgan is just in the mixer and
he just doesn't care. No. And he'd
already been softened up. You know, he
spent a lot of time just him and three
people and unending despair is a broken
item. Uh really does a lot of work as he
just stands in amongst it. Jack as well
working out and he has a lot of health.
He does have a lot of health. He is very
tanky now with Cloud Soul as well. We're
talking about that moving forwards from
the side the chase down potential. You
know, Ash and often, you know, often we
see Ash go the uh I'm not sure if he did
this game, the approach velocity. Ah,
yeah. extra movement speed when you
apply the slows. Definitely will be
approaching with some velocity in this
game thanks to the cloud soul. Yeah,
won't even need approach velocity for
that one to be working out. Morgan as
well can crash his train anywhere he
wants and then reposition a queue in an
instant. Very scary. So yes, Cloud Salt,
fair bit of value here. Not to mention
Crocco being extremely sticky once he
does throw down that ultimate. Den
Freaks not to be deterred. They do not
want this Baron to go without a fight.
That is one point. I'm going to give
that one point as now closer is diving
on top of Dudu. He's out of the fight
now. Morgan taking a damage once again
and Dudu is taking a lot more than that.
He's going to have to flash as closer. A
lot of power here. Tangle blobs will
connect onto Crocco and Crocco shrugs it
off. He isn't too worried. Spring
finally not getting hit by these skill
shots as Morgan just clears out the
wave. Crocco comes on over, but that is
not the real life. He keeps uh cuz he
has a suned sky. Whenever the clone is
up, he'll just dash to the clone and
he'll walk away and get the heal. Oh,
that's what he's It's on purpose. That's
okay. Yeah, he's doing that to get a
good amount of sustain out. I like it in
between all this poke now. It has been
started by DNF. This is risky. Yeah,
Morgan's health bar is well and truly
recouped though. See what the bros can
actually do off the back of it as the
DNRs not starting off any fight just yet
as Dudu might be the target. There's the
crash from Morgan. Bob Blossom though
used mainly defensively but Crocco is
dead and now the Baron not smiteable on
their side and TNS will be able to lock
it down but they cannot lock down the
team fight. Berserk are going to get
arrowed as well as they all just try to
run after him. Look at Hype. He's going
so fast for Hype off the back end of the
Baron attempt from TNF and the pros are
going to walk down the mid lane and win
game one. This is what your bro pays
for. Exactly. That's why you need to
paint the chat purple. Ladies and
gentlemen, because then you get magic
like this. Baron may be secured by DM
Freaks. Doing his best against this old
team. The hype has been untouchable this
game and they will be able to take that
game one win. Really nicely done.
Morgan, an absolute monster on this
Scion. I swear. always in the right
place at the right time as this nexus
not long for the world as hype just
trying to augment the kill bar. And in
fact, it's closer that grabs a couple of
them. The bros make their way out, heads
held high, possibly able to pick up yet
another win here in the LCK as they
march closer and closer towards maybe
the legend group, which is still
somewhat in their sights, but four wins
maybe not going to be quite enough. And
I think ultimately compositionally I
think there are some struggles with the
DM freaks here and you know we've said
time and time before draft isn't
everything but I think the combination
of you know maybe some draft
disadvantages and again the persistent
issues this team has had allowed bro
really to run the pace of this game.
They had some strong laning advantages
but they just weren't really able to
translate those. And I think do looked
fine. I think he looked better than
looked in recent weeks, but it just has
not been enough to take games. And I
also think that I'm glad that you
highlighted it in the draft because I
was a little bit uh tunneling on the not
needing to first pick Jace and then the
first pick, an understandable thing, but
Tia Zinzo is so incredibly powerful. Not
to mention, like you mentioned, pairing
it with the Braum, which they locked in
on R4. Certainly some things to look out
for if you're DN Freaks moving into the
next game, but at least they don't have
to deal with that combo. Yeah, I just
think Blight and Brawn, there's so many
ways to punish it. Picking Kaiser, who
wants to dive in, was not the play.
Certainly wasn't, and that was evidenced
by the fact that the Bros walked away
with a game one victory, but they have
to win more games if they are going to
take the series. So, we'll go to a short
break, the Space will break it down,
then we'll have game number
two.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat up
[Music]
here. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
Okay. Okay. Okay.
[Music]
That's
Okay. Okay.
[Applause]
Okay.
Yeah, come
Okay. Okay.
Okay.
Somebody out
there.
[Music]
Yeah, okay. Okay.
[Music]
You won't
[Music]
pick.
Fire.
Go. Oh.
Oh. Oh.
[Applause]
[Music]
Yeah. Heat.
I feel
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
Hello and welcome back to the space as
it is the first ever pet tokill for hype
here in the LCK. The Bros go up 1 Z over
the DN automotive freaks. Deion here
alongside Chronicle and Wolf. That was
fun. I think it's pretty on brand that
you're wearing the color of the former
team of Closer and Crocco last time they
played against each other. Um, it really
did change the dynamic a little bit of
how the team played. Not sure if it's
conclusive yet after one game against
Dian Freaks against Doy, but looking
better. Chronicers got a lot of roles
here. What are you doing? I'm calling
team effort. That was all the bros
coming together for a while ago. Oh god.
Well, don't mind me. Um, it was kicking
for uh for a while in Challenger. No, I
think the Bros clean game. Uh, I
definitely do think there were some
moments. I think Doy looked fine. At
least he's more productive than Pio
Shake, but it clearly also hasn't fixed
the core issues for DN Freaks, which is
the team fighting. Yeah, team fighting
and making the right calls on
objectives, target selection, making
calls at all. Um, they made a few calls
to Doy. He went to the mid lane a few
times, try to make an impact. It's in
fights like this where Life gets a
multi-man engage, but there's just no
clear synergy on what to do next. Ping,
by the way, has his ult, has his old,
has his, messes up the flash, still gets
over the wall, but gets stunned. He
didn't have his greatest game,
unfortunately. Um, on this Azir here, a
pick that he's gravitated towards a lot.
The second fight, bro, solidify their
position. It's more of the same. Uh, so
we have Dwife coming in. I think Dorf
was fine, but his team fighting
definitely was a bit rough. That has
been a big issue for DN Freaks as a
team. And for Crocco, he was definitely
uh think I think a little bit overeager.
Went in very aggressively, but that is
kind of his role in this fight. And I
think the main reason why so many of
these fights ended up being favorable is
because Bro as a team did such a good
job of making sure Hype and Closer got
to play the game. And that was clearly
the game plan going in. And we can pull
up the draft as well. What we wanted to
highlight and here you already see the
glimpses but it's even when you get to
mid to late game the composition of Bon
is so good in front to back. It's also
Yeah. And it's also so good into what
Dian Freaks have because their comp is
looking to get on top of the AD carry at
the back or maybe onto closer but it's
just so hard with the Braum, the Scion,
Shinjzho, the Ash slows. Like you can't
really ever get to Hype. So when you
think about the comps and the lead that
Bro had is it really shocking that Hype
got a pentacill? Not actually. It's one
of the the easiest types of comps where
he was kind of spoonfed a free and easy
game here with this draft to find
success. I thought the the Ash B5 here
or R5 was perfect and a better team than
Dian Freaks could have also locked this
draft go. We have Jace, we have Azir, we
have Kai'Sa. We can also set up very
differently and try to play more for
Poke, but it's Dian Freaks, right? So,
every fight was just them kind of
running into Bion and then Bion using
Zenzou's bra mode, Science's entire
existence just to keep their carry safe.
And it was a really solid game plan. I
love it when a team just drafts. Like
the lane match ups for this were decent.
Obviously lose outside of that lane
match ups were great and a draft that
just plays itself because I think for
both these two teams don't over
complicated. Just to make it clear that
that is not WTF2 Shinj. That's a Jason
there. That threw me for a loop for a
second. Uh but yeah, I I think we could
showcase some of the late game fights
now where you do front to back here as
if you watch Hype in this fight, they
want to get on him, right? Like Dud is
here on the flank. He's like, "Okay,
maybe maybe I can collapse here. Maybe
we can actually lock this AD carry
down." And Hype's playing forward too
cuz he knows he's got Morgan right next
to him. And then the ult here connects.
Dudu's there. There's not enough damage.
And then Paulo, an excellent play here.
Comes over to protect him. And the hype
is just like Morgan, you still find over
there. He's like, "Yeah, I'm Scion."
It's late game. I have a frozen heart.
And then he just walks towards the enemy
team and slows them and kills them. And
this is what we're talking about. Even
though Crocco dies, he's holding off
three people together with Morgan. They
use all their cool downs on him. And
then the rest of the team is just in a
great spot. I think Bro played the front
to back super well in between two teams
that aren't really going to be able to
win in another way besides his team
fighting. I thought this was a smash
hit. Actually, really nicely done by uh
by the Bros. Yeah, it kind of felt
unique to have Crocco there early on.
Went for a level three gank, got the
flash on the top side of the map. He's
someone exactly who has a way that he
sees the game and is getting everyone
else on the page whereas before with
Hanach who had high highs, low lows. He
was still figuring out how the team
wanted to play. It does feel like you
now have a plug-andplay leader into this
comp. Well, it's also I don't like Kroko
had a lot of midame fights where I think
he uh just died for no reason. But I do
think he identified his role when the
team fights came around. And again, it's
the whole comp that kind of made made it
work. Uh for Dory, I think his early
game was actually a lot better. Pio
hasn't been able to make an impact
early, but
then we need to figure out how to play
fights for D because every single fight,
it feels like we have five people that
barely are on. I honestly think straight
up DNF just need to play a comp that's
super strong early game and just
steamroll. So like they can make errors
in fights later. It doesn't matter cuz
they're so ahead. Maybe try to punish
Morgan now that the safety of that
silion pick is gone. Try to play through
Dudo. I know Dudo individually hasn't
had that many strong performances, but
maybe just send Doy top lane up there.
Try to snowball that lane. Berserker is
going to be pretty self-sufficient. You
get some early leads on some early
objectives and then just win the game
before we start talking about what 5v5s
look like later on. Yeah, just because
it does feel like the Jace issue that
Morgan had is now gone because it was
played early. He got through through a
Scion lane. Top lane might be a way back
on end for the DN automotive freaks
starting off their second round. Rob and
still looking for their first win of the
season. Staring doubledigit losses in
the lost column in the face. Will they
be able to bounce back or will the Bros
take care of business? Let's find
out. Oh, that sounds dire, Deon.
Certainly a lot of things uh that the DN
Freaks do need to sort out. And I like
that uh the desk brought up the fact
that Crocco does look better, but asked
us to sort of hold our full assessment
until we see a bit more. And I think
that does make a lot of sense here, Rox.
Yeah, I think ultimately he did his job
in that game. Uh being very aggressive
in the Zenzo, finding some space, but uh
I I think again DM Freaks just haven't
showed that much resistance. We'll see.
I I think the expectation for bro based
on how game one went, based on how DM
Freaks have been so far in the season,
this should be a 20 round out of this
series. We'll see if they can keep that
level up. Yep. Uh DM Freaks once again
on the blue side going to open with the
Y ban as again. Obviously, they first
picked Azir last time, which is taken
away. So, we'll see what they look to
prioritize instead. They are going to
ban away than a fury this time. So
Rumble and Varys were the other two
bands outside of the ona last time. They
are going to give up one of those or
both depending on what they ban here as
the Gwen does get taken away. Varys
still illegal in this
game. And so the final ban likely a
Kalista or something like that. Then
we'll see whether Rumble is going to be
the priority here for Dudu. I think with
how the bands are played out has to be
that first pick Rumble. But uh I think
bro you could just respond with the
Gallo. I mean, you have to pick it this
second, but you can just go for that and
be pretty confident. And it is then
Morgan on another tank, and I kind of
like that he has more agency being a
front line in these team fights. That
can certainly be
important as Kroko is the one that's
being a bit vocal here, trying to work
out what he wants to be playing here in
this game. No Zenzo for him. Not going
to be playing the Pantheon. So, a lot of
the more, I guess, aggressive junglers
that we've seen find a lot of success,
especially with Nefari also banned.
Nocturn the only one that's kind of
fringe on that front as the Aurora and
the Nocturn coming in a combo that we
did used to see. The thing is this is a
flex with the Aurora and we've seen the
Aurora played into the Rumble as well.
So, you know, Aurora top seeming likely,
but Clos has had some phenomenal
performances on it. So, you can't really
fully bank on that. I think it's a
pretty smart one two from the Bros. Now,
the DM Freaks looking at potential
Wukong. It's a lot of team fighting
power for the DM Freaks and then Ahri as
well.
I think when they've been struggling in
team fights, it's just throwing a lot of
team fight power in, but you are dealing
with an Aurora Noctturn already, which
can make things pretty messy. Yeah, I
actually I like going for the Ahri,
though, sticking to more of like these
pick based opportunities that you can
potentially find if Pongan does have a
decent game. They may not even have to
coordinate a team fight. That would be
probably good. Silus would be pretty
huge here, but instead they're going to
opt to put the Aurora in the mid lane
and put the Yuro in the top lane. Yeah,
and remember Morgan was the first one to
find a victory on this champion and he
looked pretty good while he was doing
it. So, this kind of reshapes how the
comp really wants to function because
you sacrifice a lot of team fighting
power by going for that uh Yur in the
top lane, but in return, you have
guaranteed sideline impression the late
stages of the game. And you have the
turn and the really good isolated
targets. So I think you end up in a
scenario where the
infer map state when it comes to later
stages cuz they may be confident in
fights, but it's not always going to be
down to the fights when it comes to the
later stages of this game. Yeah, the 1
131 is terrifying uh from Bion,
especially with the fact that Aurora is
also very safe in side lanes with her
stealth, being able to move through your
your circles and stuff like that.
certainly going to be uh possible. This
is a harder composition to execute for
bro though compared to what we saw
before which was very much just front to
back take the fight. So see how they're
going to be able to coordinate it as the
Ezreal going to be taken away from Hype
and after his pentacill in the last game
I think making him feel as uncomfortable
as possible is going to be a good move.
Honestly, particularly with how DM
Freaks want to play this composition, I
feel like taking away Zia or even Rakan
could be good here. I think Zyra Karma
would work well for Bro cuz then they
can kind of stay safe but still have
those engage options. Y we often see
when teams are want to like dive on the
enemy car enemy AD carry it's like
Ezreal Zia or the ban. So we'll see if
they think similarly they go for the
Poppy a good denial pick I think makes
sense to ban that away but bro just go
here. Yep they do. Not too surprised
there. And the thing is as well think
about DM freak's composition how much
they would love to have a Kaiser with
this but it's been picked already in the
last game. Yeah, but I don't mind Zia
denial. Um because of course, like you
said already, it would feel pretty good
for the Bion composition. You could just
go Z Nautilus if you would like to. Um
still having a think about it here on
the side of the DN Freaks and it doesn't
really mean too much for how the lane is
going to feel, but with Rakan already
showing probably going to be able to
band-aid that anyway. Let's see what
life is going to lock in. Just the real.
So, a lot of team fighting power once
again for the DN Freaks and it's all
about whether or not they can actually
find a team fight in this game when OK
Bron are probably looking more to park
their Yuro in a side lane and try and
put on pressure elsewhere. Yeah, with
how much dive threat, I think Zeri makes
a lot of sense in this situation. I like
it. It does give you a bit of team
fighting power after the initial
engages. You have that throughput in the
rest of the fight, but also just the
fact that you could dash over a wall.
Yeah, if ever there's a situation where
Zer's next to terrain, it really makes
you question whether you can actually
make an engage happen onto that pick.
So, I also think paranoia and Zer are
such a good combo. Zer does give me
paranoia sometimes. Absolutely. But
there's also the fact that as soon as
you turn the lights off, you just create
havoc, right? And that is where Zer
really thrives, being able to pick off
targets one after the other as the
coordination isn't quite there. Paranoia
certainly helping out. Ghouie walls also
might be helping out there as well to
create some space. So, we'll see how it
does play through here as the Bros
poised for a 200 here on the final day
of the week and the final game of or the
final series of the first uh first round
of matches in our second round. Robin,
this is an interesting one. Yeah, I
think the last two picks coming out from
the DM freaks I'm not as convinced on. I
know Zia has denial that the thought
process behind it. How do you pronounce
that?
That's the sort of thing Chronicle would
know how to pronounce. Yeah, that did
look pretty European. I live a long way
from there, so I can't say those words
very good. Well, you know, there was a
whole thing with with, you know, Britain
and Yeah, you did send a few of us away,
didn't you? Yeah, there was a bit of
that. My family immigrated though, okay,
after that happened, so I'm not included
in that. It is Spooky Ghost Crocco and I
absolutely love that. My favorite
Nocturn skin. So, I am on the side of
the bros. Let's get into it.
[Applause]
[Applause]
All right, Lark is electric as we look
look to what is potentially the last
game of the week. But the DN automotive
freaks, they could bring us to that
deciding game three with a victory. It's
going to require Pungan and Dove to
actually have a really good game though.
That's what it feels like to me. You
know, I think the Wukong if he gets
ahead can be really difficult to deal
with as well as this Ahri the follow up
being so powerful. I think so for sure.
And you know, as much as Clos has had
some fantastic Aurora games, it's really
fallen off in terms of priority in the
mid lane in particular. We've seen a
little bit of it in the top lane into
Rumble. So, I also think like you're
playing a Noctturn into there's not many
targets on the side of DM Freaks you
really want to ult onto. But I I think
that's why I have a Morgan as that split
push option. Gives you a lot of reliable
uh windcons later on, but that depends
whether he makes it through the laning
phase comfortably.
Some Fox coming on down here in the mid
lane. Closer has been one of our more
aggressive Aurora mid laners. Um it was
actually a pick that he employed a lot
in the Casper Cup at the very beginning
of the year. Y and remember bro won that
tournament. Okay. And I think you
probably do remember because I try to
remind everyone all the time. Every
single week. Yep. Uh and also he did
play it in the LCK Cup, you know, which
although bro didn't have the best
performance in that tournament, they did
take down Gen. That did happen. That was
a thing. Oh god, they did too, didn't
they? Yeah. Weird. I I I'd kind of just
forgotten that didn't compute. You know,
that was the last time Genji lost the
best of three was bro. Crazy. I
mentioned that Morgan was the first to
win on Yoro. That wasn't even the only
time. He has done it twice. Shattering
strike on Apollo, but uh the DM Freak's
not going to find too much more than
that as they are going to be shoved in.
Rakan and Zerry not exactly going to be
giving you the most strength in the
earlier stages as five in a row for the
Zia. not a stat that I'm used to seeing.
This is a champion that's often picked
as a crutch um in you know previous
metas. Yeah, I will say a lot of good
teams picking it up if you look at the
teams. Yeah, there who uh responsible
for those wins. Oh god. Uh not having a
great time there. Does get an electro
cube back as almost dead. That was very
close. Yeah, does have a biscuit running
now. So especially close being out of
mana kill unlikely to come through but
he is window dependent just reset. He is
healing up though himself, so I think
he's going to stay around a bit longer.
Oh, he flashes and he just kills him.
That was slick. That was slick, but also
Pion, what are we doing, buddy? Yeah, I
think just thought he had enough help.
Thought he could stay around. End up
getting caught out. Speaking of caught
out. Yeah, Morgan could be in trouble
here because that's an overheat. That's
a flash forward. Dudu may have silenced
himself, but not the crowd here in L
Park as that is a solo kill for the DM
freaks on the top side. This is one of
my concerns with the uh Yuro is that in
this get solo killed. Yeah. Well, that's
the thing is like you're talking about
yes, in the later stage of the game,
he's going to be this big side lane
threat, but you know, it's hard to be a
side lane threat if you're behind and
laning into Rumble isn't fun for a lot
of champions. You know, we have specific
lane counters like Aurora or Gallo and
they opted out of those. Well, Proco is
looking to make Dy a little bit
frightened and I think Doy is. As we can
see here, Closer actually taking a bit
of damage from Pongan. He's getting his
eye in. But this is looking a little bit
dire in the mid lane. Oh, Dudy just
picked up boots of swiftness though. Oh
my goodness. He's just going to run him
down. Honey would not be happy, but I
think it's a good idea. Yeah, cuz he
thinks so shoes are the only things
you're allowed to build on. He does love
his damage. He does.
Need to talk to him. It's been a while.
It has
been, you know, I've missed his his
rage, the rumble build. Yeah. Yeah. And
Jace and uh things like that. He's very
passionate. Let's have a look at this
again. Um as closer does the flash, hit
him with a button and he's dead. Didn't
even have electric up there, I don't
think so. Just just the damage in the
kit. Uh, disrespect coming out. Checking
this one out from Doo's perspective
here. Yeah. And got hit by two haroons.
The ward goes down.
And he flashes and he already knows that
he's dead because there's absolutely
nothing that he can do. Announces the
lack of flash. And that might mean that
Doy can pay a bit of a visit towards the
top side as you can see. Clearing out
his top side jungle right now. But maybe
he doesn't even need to because you've
got the Rumble shoved all the way
forward. Berserker getting zoned away on
this bottom side of the map and that
might be where do is going to be
required. Yeah, life on a bit of a heavy
roam here. The wave is eventually going
to push into Berserker. So, oh god,
Harold. It's not that bad. Looks like
they are potentially threatening a dive
here with three of them. They can
absolutely do it. And Dudu nearly has
ultimate. Yep. Do is going to be able to
sweep this out as well. They know there
is no information for Morgan. No flash,
no hope as there's the equalizer. Morgan
now going to have to walk behind his
turret. Shattered and destroyed. Life
even able to get out of there. Only one
turret shot. Oh man, it's about as easy
as that as Crocco going to answer with a
dragon. And yeah, Morgan not having a
good time. But really nicely executed
from the DM Freaks. You have an
opportunity where someone found an
advantage by themsel and you look to
twist the knife by bringing up your
support and jungle and making that dive
work. Now Paulo is spotted
so and does get picked up. So Hungyong
should be safe here. Yeah, Croco going
to be able to grab the raptors. So there
is that do on these grubs will actually
get all three by the looks of things.
And the Dian Freaks continue to have a
slight gold advantage here in this
game. I do feel like bros composition
isn't quite as robust as what the Dian
Freaks have put together. I think that
is fair. And so I'm a little scared
for the Bros chances of locking down the
two here. I think if both teams just opt
into 5v5s, I think Freak's composition
has a much easier time with that. So I I
think Bro have to be a little bit
smarter with how they play it. Um I'd be
a lot more concerned if the comps were
switched the other way. But even so, I I
think a big aspect of it is is Morgan in
the side lane and already being set
behind. 600 gold down against a Rumble.
You have to play so safe. you have to
play so much more defensive and it just
means it's going to take a lot longer
before he has that pressure readily
available. Yeah, one of the big problems
as well is that the Rumble is such a key
component to the Dian Freak's team
fight, but also as he gets stronger and
stronger and as Morgan dies over and
over again, Morgan gets weaker. Dudu is
better in the side lane as well as
better in the team fight. So, it's just
everything gets worse for Bro um as that
lane is attacked. So really nice that
Dudu is able to get the solo kill, but
then the follow-up dive really adding to
the windcons of the DN
Freaks. And I think it's all because
there's a lack of Broax for this
particular game. It always is. You know,
it's the fall off. You know, this is
what happens. Like you get your Broax
out and then you forget that you need to
do it every game. I feel like honestly
sometimes we're not doing our job
properly because we'll mention it here
and there but yeah I don't really have I
feel like we ski around it when really
whenever a play happens we should be
attributing it to the rotax or the lack
of rot lack thereof. So if we could just
paint the chat uh purple again then we
might be able to get there. You think
Morgan would just die twice on his own
valition? Obviously it's the lack of
rotax. Yep. and he is really good at
demanding it as well. He is the lord of
this territory and so he is a man that
uh really wants to get the the tithes or
the tithes. Do you say
tithes? Tithes. Yeah, I was for some
reason thought it was I don't I don't
know where it was pronounced that way. I
feel like someone said it does sound
fun, doesn't it? It's not. It was always
what I decided to take on my religion
bonus in uh Civilization 5. Yeah, he's
great. He's getting that extra gold.
 wall. There we go. Morgan um
loses the trade. And now J battling the
ghouls and wins. Gets a little bit extra
gold from them, too. Don't you love it
when just like random little minions
from uh champions give you extra gold.
Like when you kill Timmy, you get 50
gold. Oh, yeah. The 50 gold from Tibbit
is pretty ridiculous. Daisy as well. Um
but then there's like Zyra plants when
Zyra was support and you'd have the
extra miniame of let's see how much
extra farm I can get in the bottom lane.
The best is when you're playing a
farming champion like uh who's able to
stack off them as well. Oh yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Like Nasus just like cues them.
Yes. Nasis into Yur. Great match up.
Yeah. What a time to be alive. Croco
going to be able to clear out this ward
right as it goes in. That wasn't a ward.
Actually had the the glasses and was
definitely not a ward. Yeah. I don't
know what he found. It was definitely
not a ward. He found something and it's
definitely not Oh, look. There's a Oh,
no. It's not. It's definitely not a ward
in that brush. Well,
do is definitely a Wukong is now just
going to go in on top of Morgan. The
 wall is gorgeous, but what can
they actually do about it? Because down
goes the Yoic. Dudu is going to be
answered though and the teleport is
coming in. It is so slow though as
Closer comes on forward. Gets over to
the other side of the wall. The charm is
good from Pungan and he knows he has to
get out. But it's a two for two and the
top side for the DM Freaks was so
strong.
Yeah, unfortunately backfiring the fear
from Crocco get a lot of value in the
closer turns up. He's able to clean up
two kills in his pocket now and getting
two stacks in the dark seal. He's very
happy with that one. That's massive all
things considered that DF started off
the play. I don't think they're going to
be too happy about how it panned out.
Let's have a look at this. Actually kind
of like the idea from Dy, you know, and
then the equalizer plus the cyclone
works very well, but the flash out
immediately from Morgan means the
equalizer didn't get that much value.
But I think Morgan just stayed a bit too
close, you know. I think you flash away
and you kite and and you let like your
ghouls do the work and crocco stay in
melee range but he stayed in range of
the rumble just got melted. Yeah, and
close unfortunately the early TP takes a
long time to get there so he took in the
meantime. It's a battle for crab and do
smites it so he cannot lock down this
grub but in they go. That's a great
Magna storm from life as now Paulo finds
the quickness onto multiple people. Pum
making his way over. Flash out of the
way of the charm is good as Crocco
trying to get out and life says nope you
stay right here. No flash available and
that is also going to be some grubs
going over to the DN freaks and they are
getting a real advantage off the back of
this one. Yeah, Kro had his flash. He's
trying to get out of the pit but life
shuts that down and even despite the
fact you're lacking these big team fight
ultimates not available for the Ahri,
the Wukong or the Rumble, they still
come out strong against the Bros around
that fight. really nicely played closer
and Pongan here towards the top side.
Still a big question mark for me is
Pungan and how well he's going to be
able to play later on in the game. Um
but right now just building towards his
Rod of Ages. Let's have a look at this
fight one more time as it starts with
the two junglers wanting to get a crab.
There's just no damage really to punish
the Wukong and this ult from life
interrupts the engage from Polo. He
eventually gets a charm but it just
doesn't really do anything. And you see
just threatening on the flank. The fact
Dudu also forces hype away, leaves the
nocturn as an isolated target in the
pit, and then Dudu just chases Hype
away. Fighting again immediately. Yeah,
another cyclone to come through here
from Doy and Morgan is dead yet again.
Why is he there? I don't know, but we
just came out of a replay,
guys. I There's a reason you picked
Yoro. He teleported there. There's a
reason you pick Yoro. It's not It's not
It's not bad. It's not a team fight
dragons.
Um it's to side lane much like what Dunu
is doing as maybe he's in trouble. Life
is going to come on over. Let's see
whether this 2v2 is going to work out as
he does get the scrap shield. The magnet
storm as well. The equalizer is cooking
them this whole time as Crocco turns
around but it's not enough. The scrap
shield and Dudu just cooks him.
Bit of a top diff in this game. You
know, Ko tries to go in, but he is the
only damage threat in that 2v2 and
unfortunately just isn't able to kill
Dudu in time. Life doing a great job of
keeping him alive. And now this Rumble
is hyperfed.
Oh my god. Just seeing like I could see
it in my mind the cool down of the scrap
shield. I like you, everyone knew that
he was going to turn around and melt
him. He was willing the buttons to come
back, but Kroco there's nothing he can
do in that situation. Um,
Morgan was killing dragon. I kind of I
would have preferred a replay of Morgan
teleporting to somewhere so that he died
like this. And then this
play on the ultimate and immediately
like in for a penny in for a pound and
uh
yeah, he's calling for the backup. The
equalizer gets so much value here as
well. right on top of it for such a long
time keeps them on its I can't even
imagine how much damage it's there and
he gets a full rotation of cool down so
shield obviously is the really relevant
one to keep alive but all three cool
downs came up instant overheat toasted
them that was absolutely ridiculous and
Dudu like you said monster fed I don't
even think really states it enough he's
about to build a shadow flame yeah
that's the thing you know we've seen
situations where someone spends maybe a
second two seconds on an equalizer. I'm
like, that's good value. Yeah, it's rare
you see someone be on an equal equalizer
for the entire duration of it and it did
so much damage. Yeah. And by the way,
what he said there was, Yoro is so
doomed. Just take it slow. No rush. We
can win. And you know what? We didn't
really need the translation because
we've been watching the game as well. I
I I felt that, you know,
I felt that statement. Yep. in your
bones as the DM Freaks will be able to
take down this first turret. Closer
tries to get a little bit of damage onto
this one, but it's not quite going to
work out. So, first turret blood as well
as the first three kills and the DM
Freaks will get themselves some uh feats
of strength. And Dudu picking it up by
himself makes a lot of sense. 2,000 gold
now in the lead. He's upgraded his
Swifties. One of the best upgraded shoes
as well from Fast of Strength. Just
feeling like he's uh going to be
unstoppable in this game. Oh yeah,
already a very sizable lead. And this is
the composition for DM Freaks where it
is hard to misplay in the later stages.
Yeah, this is a you find a fight, you
all press your R buttons, apart from
maybe Berserk, he can hold it for
specific situations. The rest of them
all press their R buttons and it's C
champion, kill champion. Now, the
paranoia does sometimes make it harder
to see champions. Yes. But you still you
still just have to wait it out. just
kill whoever you can see in that small
pocket of light. Well, Crocco is going
to get jump scared. The equalizer comes
down. He decides to not walk down it,
which I think makes some sense. Then he
makes it dark and dies. Should there be
a spooky rumble skip because I feel like
he's a lot spookier than the knockin
right now. Yeah. Um, by the way, that
paranoia really felt like don't watch me
instead of I want to, you know, the the
darkness paranoia and the rest of bro
like are you alive? Did you live? Yeah.
Yeah. He's like, oh no, there's a bug. I
don't know what's going on. My screen
went gray. Yeah. Yeah. Um Yeah. A little
bit unfortunate here for
Crocco as now the Dian Freaks getting to
work on this Rift Herald. You know, I I
don't think I feel like Dudu's been on
those items for a long time. He must
have so much gold in the inventory. Yes,
I think definitely does. I feel like he
still also has like more items in his
inventory currently than most other
people on the map. But I feel like it's
not quite going to be this extreme. He
definitely isn't, but I just be so funny
if he just recalled his daughter Rabbit.
Yeah. Yeah. He just builds a death cap
instead of even like upgrading this.
This hex tech cookie is just just
chilling there. You know, he'll leave
that one for for another time. Maybe he
wants a dash cannon later. You never
know. As closer not finding the ability
to walk up towards Kungan here either as
Charm is going to connect. Actually,
really nicely played by the Ahri.
Remember, he got solo killed for first
blood the start of this game. Confidence
is going back. All it took was an
extremely fed Rumble on your team. Yeah.
And he's feeling himself. You know what?
I don't blame him. Life shadowing said
Rumble. Wanted to make sure that they
cannot overload this bottom side. Try
and get that shut down gold as Dunu does
represent a decent comeback mechanic
here for the
Bros. Now, I want to see I think it's
probably just straight for Shadow Flame.
I think that's the amount of money he
has. He could go in a different
direction though, but I don't think he'd
have a full item if he did. I think he
needs to buy Mag. and a needlessly large
rod. That's actually the shadow flame or
nor the magis. It's kind of crazy. I
thought he had more gold, you know. Me,
too. A little bit odd. Still going to
augment himself with a bunch of extra AP
and that's going to feel quite nice. The
Dian Freaks now getting to work on the
first cloud drake of the game. It's
another cloud soul. I've been uh pretty
blessed here today. Have a good day.
Cloud souls and no chem souls. Damn,
you've been locked in today. Awesome.
I'm so proud of you. I have been. Thank
you. I'm glad you noticed. I did. Um but
yeah, I mean a cloud soul with this
composition who already just has press R
and go buttons. Yeah, it's uh not a good
omen. I'm not seeing the out for bro
right now. They do have pick potential,
so maybe that's it. But um as we saw
before, some picks are easier than
others. Well, Morgan has put Dudu in the
ghoulie wall. There is actually a lot of
value here because the equalizer does
basically nothing. But the paranoia now
going to come in. Morgan actually
staying alive for so long. And my god,
they're able to get the top side
already. The DN freaks. I don't know how
they lost that, but the bros had the
answer. As I said, I see a lot of outs
for bro in this
situation. Kamu, it comes down to the
picks. Um, and ultimately Judu as strong
as he is, the fact he doesn't have a
completed second item means, you know,
yes, he has a big gold lead, but uh the
spike you get from the second complete
item is a lot bigger. And also Morgan is
still stronger in the 1 v one than than
you'd think. The amount of healing that
he got in that little exchange. We're
going to have a look at it again. I
think a big part of this is the fact
that the equalizer just gets zero value
and he doesn't need to use anything to
get out of the way of it. He's just
getting chunked. I mean, I say 1 v one,
but the maiden's helping out. And then
great call here by Crockett to clean up
the kill on the Rumble. Massive shut
down there. And the rest of the team
swarm in to deal with Wukong. Two big
pickups. And if you look, those are the
two people with the most kills. Some big
shutdowns coming in for Bro.
The gold lead is just the difference
Rumble has, honestly. Um, and actually
Closer is has a has the same lead as
Rumble does. And now Dudu has the shadow
flame.
Well, this uh turret going down and
Crocco not going to get hit by the charm
as Morgan going to pull out a little
ghouly and Polo and Life will find one
another. So, as the dust settles about
2,000 gold going to be the lead for DN
Freaks, they are still in a good spot.
Is it time that we now talk about things
like the Zer situation that could happen
as this turret will get taken out? Five
Grubs certainly helping on that one. The
Dian Freaks do create a little bit
further of a lead. I think it's a bit
early still to talk talk Zer. You know,
she's uh she does have couple of items.
She's not really shown up too much yet.
There'll be a time and you know, we have
our X on hand. Oh, coming back as the
maiden getting aggressive as are these
little ghouls. Yeah, it'd only be a
trade of ultimates ultimately. Ultimate
ultimates ultimately. Yeah, see what he
did there. Yeah, an Ari very hard to
hold her accountable unless you bring
Rakan as well, but I think to stay
around uh the goodness is up.
Okay, Crocco does have item number two.
Skybreaker now done as Berserker parking
himself in the mid lane. The big spikes
actually. So if you look, Crocco second
item close a second item. Yeah. Uh, and
their counterparts on the side of the TM
Freaks haven't completed their second
items yet. I assume do Yeah, he's close.
He was already He was heading gold. I
assumed he was pretty close. But all
things considered, the gold lead's not
that big.
I could see an angle. If they find a
pick at the start of the fight, it's
it's definitely possible. I still think
Game Freaks have the stronger 5v5, but
you know, we were feeling a little bit
pessimistic not too long ago. Now we got
some optimism pumping. There is I feel
like someone has paid some extra bro
tax. Maybe someone dropped like a fat
load of uh of bro tax, you know, like
like why one of the whales come into the
chat and they're like, "Oh, by the way,
I'm going to finish your entire
incentive in one go." That would be that
would be pretty great. That's what I
think may have happened. That could be
it. So much Broax as Closer, speaking of
which, is going to claim some by taking
down this turret. And Crocco now
clearing out some vision here at the
same time. They're not going to start
the other. Not just
yet. As Crocco moving over is on a whole
bunch of extra movement speed and is
looking spooky. Not too much more going
to come of it
as
Pongan in position. Dudu nowhere near as
uh aggressively positioned as we can see
here. And I'm starting to see that
perhaps Okay, never mind. Closer is in a
whole lot of trouble. Equalizer once
again in an odd position. And the ulti
is still there from closer. He creates
enough space and he just walks it off.
Yeah, due the last couple of equalizers
haven't hit so hard. Uh they tend to do
a lot more damage if they actually hit a
target. So definitely needs to work on
that one a little bit. Kroco,
you know, why no doing the Let's not do
the other. We have learned since the
inception of I feel like sometimes it's
just like a compulsion. It's just like
let's just randomly attack it. Oh, it
hits me back. Okay, never mind. I've got
places to be. Uh, Rod of Ages comes to
level 16 on the AI. That is a massive
spike. No one no one else is even
phenomenal charms going connect here as
Crocco is just dead. And uh, you know,
you've been stacking up the house of
cards. We are still going in for more,
but he is not going to get punished for
it. Spirit rush pretty powerful. And the
DN Freak's looking for the soul point.
He's double the level of follow. Oh my
god. Yeah, closer just to level 15 and
they haven't even taken Ruin as Articon
or anything like that. Yeah, he is very
scary. Um, especially as a character who
can
ultimally most characters can, you know,
if you get the resets, you get a lot of
extra damage out of that and the low
cool down as well. Uh, yeah, he just
pressed his buttons. Yeah, honestly, I
think Hollu kind of happy that uh Kroco
was there to bear the brunt of that one.
Yeah, maybe the team not as psyched
about that because losing crocco means
they definitely lose the
dragon as life up here just uh
supervising the
artic and close up. Maybe he's in real
danger this time. Does have to use the
ulti. It's a big cool down though. DM
freaks
straight onto it against the knock
though. This is pretty scary. Yeah, this
is danger following the area. Quickness
in hand. life just flashing on over the
Magnustorm catches him as he flashes
away. Has the quickness there as well.
Moves pretty fast as now it could be a
little bit of danger for good old Doo.
Hype coming on over. They will be able
to get a kill for the Zary, but they
will lose the artic for it. And if you
thought that Pongan had a experience
advantage before he has more of one
now. End up going for a trade. You know,
they do get the Rumble. They do get the
tier one mid, but given over the Rua
Satakan and all those flowers, it feels
pretty rough. Young's nearly level 17.
And on top of that, that Cloud Soul, if
it does come in in three and a half
minutes, is going to be even more
powerful. Yeah. Well, Morgan is doing
what he's supposed to do. He's in a side
lane. He's got his Sterox completed.
He's learning. He is. What I want to see
is a hull breaker so that he absolutely
knows that this is just time as Okay,
going to have a look at this one more
time. This was Doo a little bit too
pushed up, but guarantees the fact that
his team's able to lock down another
car. Yeah, and at the end of the day, I
don't fault Bro for going for that
decision, but it it does mean that DM
Freaks, like we've just seers here at
level 16, that XP advantage is very
significant. And I feel like we've been
looking at this game, and maybe I'm the
one that's guilty of this, been looking
at this game with a lens of a lot of
other teams that we have here in the
LCK. So, I looked at it and I was like,
Dian Freaks with this lead that Doo
managed to get in the early stages. He
was 3-1 and three, I was like, "Wow,
there is no way they're going to be able
to do anything about this." But, uh, and
Poly was going to die. So, that's really
going to help the DN Freaks. But, their
biggest issue has
been finding the times to fight, finding
angles to get these team fights to work,
and the Bros could theoretically run
them around the map. Now, if Polo just
dies randomly for no reason, um then
Baronss can go over for free and then um
the bros don't really have too much of
an answer. I just have no idea what he
was doing there. Yeah. Or how like as a
Rakan of all
champions is just dying solo to a
Wukong.
Well, um Dudu is going to just supervise
this Baron. That does just go over for
free.
Yeah.
quizzical. Some big item spikes coming
through as well. Zer picking up the
Infinity Edge, but we're going to trade
Baron for maybe a bunch of health on
this inner turret. Oh, the maiden. No,
he's not letting go. Saves his maiden.
He's always the extra hype as well, so
he's pretty strong.
Um, I kind of want to see how Paulo end
up in that situation, but I just fear
that we're not going to. Yeah, I don't
really want to. I think we were just He
was doing warding and stuff. as now
Morgan is going to put down his ghoulie
wall. That means that do strike to get
himself out of the way as life going to
get slowed down. Polo making his way in.
Crash down. Not quite working as there
is the paranoia going to be used just to
save the top laner of
bro. Not sure how needed it was after
Morgan flashed. I think he was pretty
out. But either way, they popped the
cool down to Oh, we're playing the side
lanes though, ladies and gentlemen.
Yeah, and especially when Morgan's
pushing on the side if you come and
match him in that lane makes it very
uncomfortable. Crocco going to come on
over and actually shadowing Closer, but
also might be able to guarantee that
this does go down. Do possibly getting
into position here as the cyclone not
going to find the knockup and the
stribbreaker going to slow him up enough
for Closer to get out of there. Did have
to use the ultimate. That's Highway
Robbery. He shouldn't be taking in a
turrets against the team with a Baron.
Also, I mean that gold might have gotten
him to a rabbitons. All right, we're
going to have a look at how Polo died.
Oh. Um.
Uhhuh. Yep. It was a grand exit attempt
and then he waited for the cool down and
the cool down never came. Yeah, I think
it's one of those things where you have
to get over the wall with your W. Like
you have to back off like I'm Wing over
the wall. I'm out. But he kind of like
Weding away to get away from the Rumble,
but still kind of locked in. And now a
lot of damage in the croc. Remember it's
soul in 10 seconds and Noctturn is top.
Yeah, I probably wouldn't be there. But
also, maybe they think that they cannot
actually get the soul and maybe they're
happy that their turrets are alive. This
cloud soul, which represents a lot of
runny, a lot of movement speed. Like you
can look at Berserker with no other
boost, no ghost, no W, anything was 451
movement speed and out of combat is 495.
So my god. Well, Closer has a cool hat.
So, the thing is as well, even like uh
playing Zer into a team with a ton of
movement speed is so annoying cuz yeah,
you're like what what am I like what
even is my gimmick now cuz she's the one
that's supposed to be running real quick
in a turret going to go down. You have
to hit your Q, you know, and if they're
going side to side fast. I thought it
was more that, you know, you're supposed
to be running fast and they're stealing
your thing. It's a bit of both, you
know.
All right, Dusk Ring are going to be
doing something, but the DN Freaks
slowly but surely getting themselves
into a better and better position in
this game as Closer finds the gap there.
And another inner turret will hit the
deck here. Dan Freaks very comfortably
able to push this lead ever further. The
last few seconds of Baron. I think
they're kind of relying on Crocco and
Paulo to make an engage. But I actually
I'm wondering if Kroko and Paulo go in
together. Do you think they last more or
less than a second and a half before
dying? Well, I think it depends on where
Dudu is. Yeah, but if he is honestly
anywhere near, they're dead. I feel like
Berserker would also just one shot
them. True. Okay. Yeah. So, um, if there
are any DNR members in the area that
aren't the jungle and support, then
yeah, perhaps they are just dead. Okay.
Well, I mean, the the the broium that we
have for you is that Closer has three
items. They're pretty good ones, as does
Hype, but Bro need to win some uh
backto-back fights or pull the DN Freaks
around the map and don't let any more
baronss go over to this team, you know,
and then win a flip on the Elder. It
sounds like a funny thing, but you get
so much movement speed from cloud soul
out of combat and just like the flat
movement speed. If you're trying to play
like a wide map state like split push
playing against the cloud soul is
actually like it's one of the the souls
actually helps you out of combat as
well. Like you think about infernal soul
and it helps with farming but it's
mostly the power in team fights but just
for rotations having the cloud soul run
cloud soul means you know you see you
basically walk as fast as a level one
teleport. Exactly. I mean, you look at
the mini map and you see how fast all of
the blue portraits are moving about.
They're just zooming. So, if you have
someone to be, if you're like, "Oh,
Morgan's the side lane." Boom. You're
there.
Now, Dian Freaks. Oh, wow. The Zerka. It
almost like his in inventory inventory
looks like he's building a second
Infinity Edge. And I kind of love
that. It would be a terrible decision,
but I'd also like I'd just love to see
it happen. just for some reason pickaxe
and BF sword. I know they build into
other things, but it does look like that
to me as Morgan now has his sterox and
spear soldier done. So that is three
items complete for the
Yoro. Don't know how much it needs. And
there is the blood thirst. So not a
second infinity edge for the
memes. That's fine. I think uh the DNRs
not wanting to uh lose focus in this
game. I think very very important that
they can move this to a game number
three. They've thrown games four of this
magnitude is all to say. So, you know, I
think if we were talking about some
different teams in the situation, we
might say, "Yeah, this is looking very
favorable. It's pretty done, but I'm I'm
still tense." Oh, yeah. Still nervous.
This is anyone's game cuz there are two
nexuses alive. Either one of them could
explode. That means it's about a 50/50.
As in goes D. Closer offers a bit of
damage back as Pungan not able to find
the orbit deception as the bros very
very conscious of the fact that this
baron is going to be up in 2 seconds
time. There he is. And you can see
everything is pretty dark.
They do have a blue trinket on Croser.
So they could slam that and Crocker
could al in but he just died. Baron is
just gone but Z does so much damage.
My goodness. Okay gets used right at the
end. Well, now Crocker is going to get
engaged on as well as Kungan looking for
it, but he's in a little bit too early.
There's the paranoia. And now Hype doing
a lot of work. Dy not finding the value
with the cyclone. And Berserker does
manage to take down the recard. Hype
still doing some work. But Berserka is
so huge in this fight. Morgan one versus
three. And I don't think he really likes
those odds. He's surviving for quite
some time, but the maidens getting
confused. And the TN freaks, they get
the ace and they're going to look to
bring us to that game number three. And
there's a sad bro fan in the bottom
right of your screen. Going to have to
try and find No, no, no, no. This is the
thing. If you're a bro fan, don't be
sad. You get to watch another bro game.
True. For
free because otherwise it just would
have never happened. Well, h actually.
Is it free? Because you're paying bro
tax for that game three. All right.
Well, yeah, that's a good point. You're
going to have to pay a lot. Yes, you
are. You have to pay your bro tax. I'm
hoping that whale comes back as well cuz
they're going to need all the help they
can get. They want to win this one as
9,000 was the lead in the end. The DN
freaks, they took a grip of that game
thanks to their top laner and they did
not let go. Well guys, Rumble is pretty
strong is
something we didn't really learn. Maybe
bro learning it there. And the reason
people are running specific things like
Gallo into it is because playing other
things into it is not very fun. Yeah. Um
certainly noticing that. I also think
that they could have gone for a
different option, right? Instead of
saying we want to win side lanes. Um
which they kind of didn't anyway. Could
have just picked something for a team
fight. You know what? You know what's
really good into Rumble? And when
Noctturn goes in, you can ult on top.
What's that? Gallio.
Ah, was Aurora open? That That does good
in a rumble. Oh, wait. No, they already
picked it. Oh, they already picked it.
Wow. They could have just put it top.
Wow. And then you could have put Oriana
in the mid lane and then had an orb.
Okay, they're getting a little bit crazy
here. Okay, that's a bit that's a bit
maybe a bridge too far. Yeah. Um you
probably would have had a lot of losing
lanes in that instance as closer did
actually do a great job on this Aurora,
but unfortunately it wasn't enough. It's
that big 17.6k for Dudu on the top side
of the map that really puts the DN
Freaks over the edge. And it's great to
see Dudu actually having a good game.
Yeah, I mean I think honestly you pick
the Aurora, you pick the Noctturn. I
think commit to team fights. It felt
like they pivoted to the the side lane.
Top lane lost and the windcon's out of
the window. It looked like it got a
little bit doomed a little bit early,
but the pros they have a chance to come
back. Game number three will be after
the break first. The space going to
break down the DNR's win and then we
will have that third game. See you
there.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Yeah. Take it. Take it. Take it.
connect tomorrow.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
Hello everyone. Welcome back to the
space as the DN automotive freaks
methodically take this one down after
stunting the top lane and the jungle and
are one win away from their first series
victory. Did you feel that breath there,
bros? Because I was feeling like that
the whole we we can't actually have a D
on cam because he's moving around too
fast because he's too nervous. So the
camera actually can't capture him
because he's just running around the
space yelling uh random stuff. It's uh
it's it's he's been he's been going
through it. Yeah, he he certainly has.
You know, else is going through it. Um
any bro fan who looked at this draft? Uh
because
um I looked at the draft. I Okay, so the
Aurora was a counterpick to the Rumble,
right? Oh, no. They they they were like,
"You know what? So, back Aurora
Nocturn." And then we lost the Scion and
Furious, but we're going to pick Euro
into the Rumble. That can be okay. That
can be okay. But then he went for a
Zeri. I in this one. Okay, so I actually
thinks it's okay. No, I Oh, wait. Don't
don't sell. Come on. Give me a little
bit of a break. I think the draft for DM
Freaks is obviously way better. I think
it's very cohesive. Uh you have Isaiah
with a lot of safety. The top side is
very synergistic. It's it's it's good.
Yeah, the DM Freaks draft is good. Yeah.
All right. I think I think that there uh
you can play a good one for dive draft.
I still think it it's going to struggle
on to Zia and to Wukong into Rumble,
don't get me wrong, but that is
contingent on one thing. Yeah. Which is
having a top laner. That's true.
That that is able to actually play in
the silent which you can cover for with
that noturn. And guess what? Or
shadowing. Wait, how about don't ban
Lulu and play Lulu
Jesus resets. I don't want to watch
this. Why are you guys Why are we
talking about this? Oh,
that's your way. That that was that was
this one a little bit less. This one
wasn't really his fault. No, I mean he
got three Mando, but he got three Mando
because he died at level four and and
that so first one inexcusable. Second
one a bit understandable. This is the
one that really gets going. Why
grouping for objectives? What are we
doing? What's happening?
Well, they have a team fight and so the
York is the tank where he front lines
for the Zary and um
uh so he he needed to be there.
Ronnie, maybe they were looking for a
Zary moment. Guys, this is the kind like
I feel like we've kind of danced around
it, but Morgan's champion pool problem
is becoming a massive issue. Like at
first we were like, "Okay, it's just he
he can't play Jace. Let's see what
happens with that." He goes for the York
in game two. Game one, you know, Scion's
already gone. What happens in game
three?
Like, where would we go? Uh, pray they
Oh, don't even start being on Renekton.
Pray they don't bend Renekton. That's
why I'm That's what I'm looking at.
Um, and Bessa kind of spins like
Renekton.
Here's the last fight that we stalled
out to, which wasn't even Yeah, it
wasn't even the cleanest fight for Dian
Freaks cuz they collapse onto Crocco.
The engage from the re is also on to
Crocco, who buys a bunch of space. So
the other side of the fight looks like
maybe Hype could actually get something
done here. Maybe possibly. Could he?
Could it be? No, he's just Berserker did
kind of boom him. Aurora wasn't really
in this fight. For me, the big thing is
that you see how insanely quickly Rakan
just kind of dies because you're playing
in so much AOE damage. There's no front
line at all either, just in general. The
Rakan is squishy. The Zer has no I mean
Zer doesn't get beaten by Aiah in a 1 v
one on the side of a fight if you
actually have a a team comp. And their
last trust was so clean. It made sense.
It was easy. And this one was uh there's
teams that could pull this off. You
know, if this was home, I'm like, "Ah,
sure." But but this one, it did make
sense, but just Dana knew how it would
get you. You shut down the You shut down
Morgan. No, I I then you can't play
anymore. No, no, no. If I say I could
see how it would work. That's not That's
the That's a caster safe word for like
That's not what you're looking for.
That's not what you're looking for. So,
here here's what I want to say. I said
it last game. Play through top side. We
got a solo kill. Dudu has the favorable
match up right into the Euro. Then they
played through top side. They got
advantages. They snowballed the game
with the draft. I think if Morgan wants
to play something super safe, like if he
thinks he's going to get away with like
a blind nar, you like Camille that. You
like go all in on that. You play through
top side again. You snowball the game.
You win your first series of the LCK
2025. Can DNF do it? I think that's how
they have to do it. I'm also one bad
croco game away from not only
complaining about 4K who already lost
today and is catching strays for the
fact that hype popped off for the fact
that could have had Dove. I think Dove
has actually been great in both these
two games. I think he is showing signs
of life that uh before we had not seen
in a good amount of time. Uh for Dian
Freaks, you know what the biggest
problem was with the bros?
Everyone predicted the Bros to win.
That's dangerous. Everyone except go on
the global side. And then in the last
series that they played, everyone except
what did expectation on the bros usually
spells not good. I mean, curses are real
and all that, but I really think it it
starts with the draft. Deon I think
that's actually the real reason. And
then some of the play we saw in
individual solo lanes and the
coordination problems and the um dated
uh Aurora Aurora Noctturn comp that we
saw. I think it's or time. B1 or I don't
care. Do you think Dudu is going to
punish you if you're picking or No. No.
Slam it. Okay. Yeah. B1 or Yeah. Yeah.
You know what? I'm the rest
keep's not in the pool. Keep hyping me
up. What about a B1 Renekton? B1
Renekton. Okay. Yeah, that's also fine.
That's a champion. That's the two. Yeah,
but you just named two in the same lane.
I need more. No, that's that's I'm No,
that's that's I think the rest of Closer
Zoey. No, that's not it. I'm sorry. That
was a joke. That was That was not a real
That was bad. Bro's on the I don't know.
You can go You can go for uh closer
Urelia. That was also a joke. Okay.
Well, if you're not help, that's why I
asked Chronicler to do this. No, I I
don't I don't I there's a ton of
champions that you can still go for,
right? like particularly
that was that was a lot of stalling
words in between
any front line will do right so just
pick or pick or victor neither of these
teams have actually have the capability
to close out the game quickly it's all
going to come down to team fights so
just pick a simple fronttoback team
fight comp you'll probably win
regardless last game here the Bros
either win and bounce back from their
loss or the DN automotive freaks get
their first series win of the regular
season. Berserker gets his first regular
season series victory as an LCK player.
There are great things here, but only
one can become true. Let's find out as
we send it on over to Atlas and
Ox. Thank you so much, gentlemen, for
that breakdown. Um, I don't know whether
you guys intentionally decided to forget
that Hanukkah is on this team. Yeah. So,
if we have another one of these Crocco
performances, it's okay. He can just
never play again and they can play their
already very good jungler.
Yeah, I feel like they missed, you know,
to in fairness, right? So, Hamach came
from challenges and Chronoc I don't
think I don't think he doesn't follow
very much. So, yeah, that's true.
Probably just skipped his mind, you
know, he's more focused on the veterans
of the LCK. That's Yeah, that that that
does make some sense as Okay. Um Okay,
Savings Bank. Bion are now going to move
over to the blue side for the first time
this series. And remember, it was for
content. That's what they That's the
whole game plan for the Bros. They lost
a game on purpose so that we could have
as much bro as possible. They're all
about value. That's why they're okay
savings bank. Bion. Okay. They're giving
us the LCK value here today as we are
going the distance in the final series
of the week. I think anyone who paid
their Broax will think yes, an Oriana
ban ban. That is what we paid our Broax
for.
Oh yeah, my my my point kind of got
disproven in the middle of it, which was
a little bit unfortunate, but Niri is
going to be the reward. Yeah, and to be
fair, did play the Oriana in an earlier
series, so uh no way. They're not going
to do it to Oh, it's not like what? You
can't take away Morgan's Renekton. That
get the Protax in now quickly. I don't
even I don't think that they Okay, never
mind. Oh, someone just came in clutch.
Yeah, Lilia is the switch over. I do see
a lot of Brtax being paid right now. So,
it may just be that Dudu's been paid off
with the Broax to not pick the Renekton
unless Dory just locks it in now. I
mean, it's a red side. I I I think the
Mix could leave the top lane pick till
potentially three or No, no, no, no, no,
no, not enough Broex. No, not enough
Protex. A little bit sad. Maybe um it
doesn't influence what Rapid Star does
in this game. Yeah, Morgan is devastated
right now.
Um, it's not the Lilia matchup that we
often see, though. Often times, three%
win rate on React, by the way. What a
broken champ. Damn, not bad. Um, the
Lilia is often picked into things like
the Scanner and tanky things cuz she
does so much max health damage. So, with
against Nefiri, it's not feeling the
same way. Nefiri also feeling a little
bit less powerful because something like
this is going to be what it's paired up
with and uh it's not the Aris things
like this that have been so devastating
alongside Nefari that can match the
level of mobility and stuff. What you're
saying is they should pick right now
really to cement the uh oh yeah instead
we're going to pick misfortune denying
the MF from pairing with the Lilia which
we love to well we know teams love to
pair those together. Do they pair the
alts together? No. Absolutely. No
lilting time. We get any lilting time
today. Oh yeah. They just they just
don't know. I don't know. They just
don't like to press the buttons at the
same time. Uh and now this. You know
what it is though? It's arcane time. We
get arcane time. Yes. Isn't that cool?
Well, only one arcane chump, you know.
No, but like the the the ultimate word
fusion. Arcane time.
No, this Arcane isn't Arcane Storm is
ultimate. Yeah. So, arcane time. Bullet
time. Arcane. Yeah, that's what I went
with. Oh, that's what you were saying.
Yeah. Wow. Were you intentionally trying
to leave me on that uh by myself for
that long? Oh, god. You know what?
Actually, I've got one. Okay. RK9.
Oh, I shouldn't have given you that.
That's very good. I Because you left me
hanging for so long. Denied it. It's a
very good combo. Exactly. I'm kind of
sad I didn't come up with that. You
know, it's so good that I wish I had
have had That's what I thought you were
going out. You didn't you didn't say it,
but I was like, are you are you talking
about cuz the the the dog and the victor
and Oh, they banned the own. They did.
Chronicler, they've been listening to
the space. Chronicler is a true bro
antie though, isn't he? Like revealing
their strategies live on air. I've
actually Look, I didn't want to say this
cuz this has kind of exposed him, but
I've seen him in Twitch chat. He does it
when the broadcast isn't live to try and
hide it, but he'll pop in and he'll say
like before today he'll be like, "Here's
my DM freaks tax." Yeah. And he'll pay
to the to the teams against bro. This is
actually a known product behavior. Um so
shameful honestly, but uh yeah, he gave
away the strats. The will not come
through. Yeah. And after this game,
we're going to peel off the bro
prediction and underneath it's going to
say Dian Freaks next to Chronicling. And
he's going to get even further ahead in
the pres. He's so devious. It's only the
devious methods that get him ahead
though. You know that time he grew a
mustache? He actually didn't. He just
uncovered it. Oh no. He's the evil
chronicler. Are you saying that that
mustache is still there now? Yes. He's
just hiding it to hide his deviousness.
Oh, I really disliked that mustache.
I love how like 80% of this draft has
just been talking about Chronicler.
Worth it. Yep. All right. Well, we had
Jin and Caitlin. They were banned away.
The Alistister is going to be picked R4.
pretty powerful and this Dian Freak's
composition is coming together. There's
not a lot of value uh for the Poppy. Um
things like Quay and Lilia don't really
care about it at all. Lilia is basically
dashing just by using movement speed
once that Q gets stacked up. Um but does
have some effectiveness into the
crocodile and the cow. Yeah, decent
entity Alistister. Although I think not
as easy to react to compared to like I
feel like Rakan it's like he can be half
asleep and you can stop his dashes, but
I think uh Alistister if you're if he's
sometimes a little bit close it can be
hard to to stop it. And then Aatrox
coming in into the Renekton. I was
thinking maybe they lean on something
like the Jax honestly. Um but they end
up going for that and it's generally
favored towards Renekton. We've seen
that happen. And now looking at the
Ezreal. Honestly, I think Demon Freaks
are feeling feeling pretty good. You
know, you have the Quay who can outrange
the Victor a little bit. Alistar is a
great pick. Um the like there's there's
not that many great options, so people
are going to get stuck in the bullet
time. I think top matchup's
good. I I think I think they've
navigated the draft pretty well. I would
agree together. Um the Ezreal as well
normally something we s see banned away
at this point in Berserker paladin it
like they have a great AD carry they
have a great support I think the
Renekton Lilia is a pretty strong combo
in the early skirmishes the Renekton's
got a good lane match up the way he's
not going to have too much pressure
early but he's fine scaling up against
the Victor we saw BDD actually find some
value with the Hi into the Victor
earlier on today obviously it's
something that has been finding some
success in scrims uh here between our
LCK teams I think that Uh yeah, the pros
didn't quite find as much blueside value
as other teams have done in the past. I
think the first round of Lilia Renekton
was very powerful here for the DN
Freaks. And I also think that a lot of
Bros actions in the draft based on those
first two picks were reactionary, right,
with the Victor MF MF largely a denial
pick to take away the the liilting time
uh or the bullet lullabi, which is much
cooler. Uh and then from there they were
just trying to put things together that
kind of worked out. I think you know
Poppy value not necessarily the most val
uh the most uh high in this game as
well. But we'll just have to see how it
does go as we dive onto the rift. Polo
could find a whole lot of things as well
as being able to just really warp team
fights with that ultimate. Could be a
big deal. Absolutely could. Uh we'll see
if they're able to find that pressure.
Yeah. as we hop over the rift for game
three.
[Music]
[Applause]
All right, here we are, ladies and
gentlemen, onto the rift for the final
game of the week. And it is Toy Renekton
as well. Morgan's favorite skin. Imagine
if he also put the the Morgan Renekton
shaky hands emote on his emote wheel as
well and just started spamming it at
him. I would that was such a a powerful
move if it was to do that. Or you know
the first blood the automatic emote you
set that as it and then if you kill
Morgan for the first blood devastation
immediately. Yeah I think um that would
be FF territory right there as we zoom
in on some wards.
Money being picked up as we can see.
Yeah, that five gold over to Dove, but
they don't get the five gold on the
other
side. Disaster. Rough start. Rough start
for the Bros. It's a toughy. Okay,
Morgan is just in the pixel brush
hanging out and going to do exactly the
same thing as what BDD did in this lane
at level one. Just spam the wave with
abilities. Heck yeah. Just put down your
fake
equalizer and let's see. I mean, it's
not I don't think it's as bad as what we
saw in the last game, right? Like that
had narrow win conditions. The 4-1 1 131
type situation
um was a tough one to make work. This
time, Bros, they also have a team fight
comp. They have a champion in the mid
lane that scales really, really well.
They have a lot of AoE in the potential
team fights that are going to come up.
And they have a Poppy that can make
things really, really hard. Um, Closer
is losing a bit of health bar, but that
is fine. And it's first picks for
everyone. A lot of losing outside of
that, but that is the DN Freaks. They're
zero and nine, guys. Um, we shouldn't
really be uh buying into that too much.
Double up value massively high. And the
thing is with the
composition that has a nefari and a
Poppy, if you snowball, you know, the
zona potential, the poppy, the
skirmishing power, the nefari, there's
definitely win cons for broer. I
completely agree that last dragon is a
lot more doomed. One thing to mention
about the quay. So on this patch
258 did get some buffs to his ult and
passive but specifically in the later
stages of the game. So his passive
damage skills with level um Wow. Um that
was that was under the turret. Yeah. Not
having fun. Yeah. So his passive damage
skills a bit higher with level. His ult
damage is a bit higher like level 11
level 16. So the the scaling potential
of this way even more than we were used
to. And he already scaled pretty well.
I'm a little bit frightened. He will
need to scale relatively well alongside
the Victor, but like you're saying, I
don't think too many champions are going
to be challenging him for range in this
game as DO up there towards the top
side. You can see Ping's out. Bro know
exactly what's going on. So, Morgan just
needs to play defensively, which I think
he's going to be doing anyway given uh
what we were seeing earlier on in this
lane. So, let's see whether this Atrox
is going to get the casting treatment,
which is what we saw in our previous
series. got dove repeatedly. Whether
he's going to be a little bit more okay
as Closer not able to find the
interruption, but Doy will be able to
grab the
crab. Look at this. Morgan with a
massive array of minions to be taken
down here towards his top side as Okay,
there's a good headbutt underneath the
turret, but heroic charge from Polo will
answer it beautifully. Berserker winning
the health trade alongside Hype. But uh
that was a great reaction there from
Polo. It was a super weird play to go
for. I feel like he's been watching a
few too many Kellum plays. No, he's been
watching his own VODs. Did you see what
life was doing on this uh on this
champion last time he played as well? It
was more insanity like this. Yeah, but I
I just think like why are you going for
the Poppy? Cuz I mean, okay, firstly,
there were still minions under the
tower, so Poppy didn't even get aggro.
Yeah. Secondly, the Poppy can just eat
you, which is exactly what Polo did. So,
he didn't have to burn flash. So, you're
burning more summoners. Oh, now um Pong
going to get pushed back into the
gravity field. That's kind of cool. Step
presence will deny
life. And that's just a little bit of
damage onto
[Applause]
Pongan. Okay, Morgan, he's kind of okay.
You know, there's a large amount of
minions, so the CS gap isn't as bad as
it looks.
and the Bros. 200 gold in it. Something
like
that. Just even camps for both of our
junglers. And I think it's going to be
about these grubs. That's what this game
is going to come down to. Who's going to
be able to find some value in the first
skirmish will set the tone for how the
rest of this game is going to go as Cir
interrupts Morgan's back. That's
annoying.
Oh, this whole wave just going to get
chomped up by the crocodile. Yeah,
Duty's going to be very strong now. Bro
are picking up a dragon in return. Uh,
and this is before the grubs spawn, but
I think with the pressure that DNF have
on the top side, this should be do
picking up the grubs in trade for this,
even if it's not immediate. Yeah. Uh,
the fact you have your bot laner here
and your jungler. Yeah, hype actually
taking a while to go for his recall. Of
course, does have strut so it can get
back to lane a little faster, but still
not the best. Does have shoes now as
well. Pan in a little bit of trouble. It
does get the fear onto closer now. Polo
going to get that flash out from the
wave immediately. Wow, he did not waste
any time at all. Polo would have could
have gone for the flash. He to be fair,
I think, cuz you can flash while Poppy
is in motion. I think if he'd held it,
he could have forced the flash from Polo
and then it would have been a trade. I
think that would have been the the
optimal play, but not want to take any
risks, which I think is fair enough and
will get out of there. However, we do
see as a result of that botside lean to
pick up the dragon. It is going to be
three grubs for the DM Freaks in return.
Yep, able to walk down as well, getting
that lane shoved in. A lot of top side
control here for the DN Freaks. They
have a little bit of a gold lead as well
as a result of this. Once again, that
gold lead is in the top lane as Dudu a
big benefactor of Berserker stopping
that back. At least at least Morgan
hasn't been solo filled yet. That's the
takeaway. A true you say yet. I feel
like that shows a little bit of a lack
of faith. Um but that's okay. Ruthless
Predator procked here and Morgan
actually doesn't go for the minion as
Bon this time he is likely to die as
Gravity Field goes down and he is
burning. Dy doing a lot of damage here
though as you can see and the spiraling
despair actually coming on through there
as Dy unable to find Closer but the
ignite comes down from life. He gets the
shield but it's not enough to keep him
alive. Now Dw's the one that's in
trouble. He's spinning around a lot as
Crocco is able to take it with the
bleed. A lot of damage over time between
these two junglers, but it is Bro coming
out on top as far as the kills. And it's
a small thing, but if Bungy had been
able to force Polo's flash earlier.
Yeah, that wouldn't have happened. That
play would have gone differently. So end
up seeing Hike didn't move down just to
open this wave and get a big chunk bomb
coming through. I like this. Pong able
to come up and deny a plate or anything
like that from going down. As we can
see, Dudo actually finding some nice
trades with Morgan on this bottom side.
But Morgan under no real threat right
now from what we can see. Just under
threat of missing minions, which is the
biggest problem as Polo just it's crazy.
You're not even full HP. You don't have
flash. This is a massive overextension
uh for a to be in this position. And
then do pretty low on mana as well. and
ends up missing this Q which is super
relevant because it forces life to not
only ignite closer but chase him down
otherwise he could have turned on Polo
and Polo would have just died and then
3v1 they probably could have cleaned up
Crocco as well. So just a couple of
misplays Ding out of position not
building that flash on Poppy earlier and
then D not hitting the abilities means
Bro come out ahead in that play. Nice
third Q connect there from Morgan. Yeah,
and I think one of the big things as
well is that Paulo getting his eye in on
this Poppy. He is going to be so
important for Bro as this game goes on.
I think the Poppy is a lynch pin for
this composition. We said already we
feel pretty good about the cohesion of
what DNF has put together. Can't be very
cohesive if half of your um champions
have been punted to the other side of
the map. Yeah. And you don't get points
for that unfortunately. No, you don't.
Even if you do get it through the middle
two posts um of the four. Yeah. Uh, or
maybe you do get points, but points
actually do not give you any advantage
in the game. Or maybe I guess if Poppy
gets the points, the Poppy, you know.
Yeah. And and in Aussie rules football,
you do get it when you're the one
kicking the ball. Yeah, I think that's
how it all normally is. Yeah, that's But
thanks for clarifying, you know. Just
had to make sure with the weird rules,
you never know. I could see the
Australians doing something like, you
know, I don't know the rules for the
other sports ball games. I don't know
why in the American one they do the
hugging thing at the start. I have no
idea. It seems pretty cool. Um,
Australians also like a lot of rugby as
well, which is somewhat similar. And
they do a lot of hugging in that one,
too. I still don't know anything about
what it's I just think it's funny that
they invented an entire sport just so
that just so they can hug the homies,
you know. Yeah, I think it's it's very
wholesome. It's very cute. I like it a
lot. Sometimes you do need a hug as he's
going to get a hug from a doggo. And
often that is really therapeutic. This
time it's not working out for him as
he's just going to be taken out. No
flash, no chance. And now Doy will find
Crocco here. Could possibly make him
sleepy, but closer moves over. And I
don't know whether Dove wants anything
more out of that. You know, I've never
been hooked by a pack of hot dogs, but
I'd imagine it'd be messy. It sounds It
sounds nice though. I like hot dogs.
Okay, Berserker is going to discover
hype. Make it rain comes down as Polo
turning up is going to spell the end of
that. Dove looking for Okay, when in
doubt, kill Morgan. I think is the D
freak's approach to this game. Now
starting to feel a little bit doubt. Oh,
he's going to walk up. Oh dear, the hot
dogs are here though. Oh dear. Roco. Oh
no, he spots him going over. So now it's
going to be a 2v2 underneath the turret
here of the Bros. Morgan wants to find
it as the World Ender comes down. The
ruthless Predator is in. The sleep
doesn't do enough. And now Doy is in
trouble. Crocco dives over trying to get
the bleed on to Dudu as the bowling ball
not really going to find the value and
the health bars are a little bit too
low. But and there's a lot of resources
invested here from the DN Freaks and
they do not get anything for it. You can
see they even tried to maximize damage
onto Morgan because Judu like let the
old channel tick while he was slept.
Yeah, like they were like we are
committing to killing this guy and still
they just didn't have quite enough
damage. A little bit if he was level 11
maybe the maybe if he was level 16 then
oh my god certainly. But if he was
straight up be dead. If he was level 16
when everyone else is level eight or
nine, then I I think that'd be I'd be
quite strong enough, but I think he'd
also be very powerful. Um, Polo is
making it his mission to kill Pongan as
many times as possible. I think it's a
good mission and he's uh he's he's
getting towards success uh pretty
quickly. His life is going to come on
over and spots him out. So maybe not
this time. They want to put that flash
on cool down as much as possible. Morgan
clearing out these minions and Dudu not
going to be killing him anytime soon.
That gold lead for the Renekton
dwindling to about 300. And in fact,
somehow there's a 250 gold advantage
from Life who did manage to pick up that
kill from earlier on onto Closer. So
that's why he has that slight lead. But
it's Crocco with a big advantage. So
maybe it's not time to sub Humbuck in
just yet. But it's early days. 12
minutes in this game. They're looking to
grab some more grubs. That will even
things out if they're able to get all of
them. The Dian Freaks were able to grab
the first round. Will also give Bro
another step forward in the objective
feed of
strength. So, a chance they could lock
that down just by getting another
dragon. That one is live and on the map.
Yeah, I would think that DMF want to try
and secure themselves. The grub's been
taken. We'll see if they make some move
towards obviously playing towards the
Renekton side of the map. pretty useful.
But Light is over here. He is on vision,
so I suspect he won't try and go for
something. But he's actually being
clapped on by Crocco and Cloer. Yeah,
Crocco actually going to do a bit of
burst damage here to the man in the
pajamas.
Comes on over. Watch out. Eat Mist
Dragon. Honestly, it's kind of
surprising like how much poke damage in
a Fury has when you think of her as
like, you know, like a dive assassin
focused champion. But if she just
launches the QU, it does so much damage,
especially with the bleed, especially if
she hits two. Yeah, then you chunked.
Well, bro, just going to give that one
up. Morgan is fighting and Oh, come on,
man. Oh, I was I was watching Morgan
fight. Okay. Yeah, and that that was my
fault because I did say that he was
fighting. That did draw your attention
away right when it was needed most. Just
for a brief second. That's all it takes.
It's only one today. We've had
definitely some more chem.
Yeah, that's all right. High parked in
this mid lane.
And Berserker going to be
answering. Too much to fight for right
now. 2 minutes on the Rift Herald
approximately. The next Drake is a
whiles
away. And I feel like, you know, the
Morgan damage control in this game has
been okay. What it's going to mean for
later on is, you know, it it's not
something I really know just
yet. We'll just have to see who's going
to be able to get the most late game
value. We know that the Atrox can be
terrifi terrifying in late game team
fights. Yeah, but we now have the level
11. Not yet. Crocodile coming out with
the slight buff to the ultimate. Not the
full buff to the ultimate that comes to
a level 16. True. So, a little bit more
powerful.
Dominus coming on here towards the top
side. Will be able to clear out that
wave. We got a Trinity Force done for
Berserker. Pretty chill game overall.
team really going too hard and very much
a bro and brew. Who does it benefit the
most? You know, having a real slow one
here. I think this is one of these games
where there isn't a clear winner when it
comes to scaling. Oh, so we're going to
have both teams just trade objectives
for the entirety of the game and then
there's going to be one team fight
maybe. But I think the the the thing
here is that both teams are scaling
elements to the composition, right? like
they both have bruiser top laners, carry
junglers, pretty heavy scaling mids, AD
carries aren't the the best late game
scalers, but not bad either, you know.
Um, so I really think it's going to come
down to execution. Um, I do think that
DM freaks I kind of like how that comp
interacts with pros better, but I don't
think it's enough to say that the
outright have a big advantage. It's
going to come down to that execution,
especially with the chem soul as well.
It takes so much pressure off cuz
neither team is really as concerned as
you might be with other souls. Roco is
going to get engaged on here. Head up.
Pul comes through from life, but he's
taking a lot of damage. Does have the
unbreakable will. Untargetable is
Crocco. And now out of the fight. Do
also going very very low as hypes at
full health, but they take down the
Poppy to start this one off. Phenomenal
headbutt, but where is the answer as
hype goes in and nothing really happens.
They take out the Lilia and out goes
Berserker with the blast cone. Dudo in
the meantime is here on the bottom side
of the map and so he is going to be able
to answer this somewhat. But TM Freaks
fighting with a man disadvantage and
they lose out. I'm just not sure on the
decision not to TP Dudu in. Like maybe
they felt that they didn't have a good
ward from him to get to. But then why
opt into that fight? Maybe Dudu just
said no thanks. But maybe he should have
said yes I will. As Berserker is in
trouble. He's going to get flashed on by
Hype. Hype really want to get that kill.
But Crocco says no mate you're not
getting it. That's my fifth my friend.
Like that is one of the pivotal points
of this game I feel so far has been that
fight and now he might also no they just
forc his okay that's a big crocodile but
uh yeah just really like the reenacting
being there being present in that fight
would have made such a difference and
now you have this 5 and0 nefiri who's
going to be an absolute menace. Yeah and
he already kind of was. He's got his
Eclipse complete. That Black Cleaver on
the way well and truly as we're going to
have a look at this fight one more time.
And I thought this was Crocco kind of
getting baited in to fighting for the
crab, but uses the kit of the Nefiri
really well. Even dodges the damage from
the true shot barrage. And then the
problem is here the Zer Arcane shifts in
and then Light heads MF into him, but
it's a BTMF. He can't just shred through
him. And Crocco comes to the clean up
and Morgan's here cuz he tped in. Yeah,
I think that was the biggest problem.
There's a there's a big body in the way.
So, you cannot answer the headbutt that
otherwise could have been a really good
thing. Just not with enough people.
Yeah, I think uh you know either if
you're going to fight it, bring your
members. Well, do you know what they can
do now? Just set up and do it again
because the Rift Herald is up and
available. Will be resetting now. But,
uh I've seen this. This is exactly the
moment we just witnessed in the replay
and we are back to it one more time. It
is now going to be Brog pushing up this
mid lane though and they will be able to
take down the outer turret. So DNF
letting things slip a little bit when it
comes to the macro play. Yeah, Doo has
been hyperfocused on this bot tower and
he'll get it. But you know, yeah, feeds
of strength still just go over to be
honest. Who really cares that much?
Well, Dudu obviously other than Doo. I
was going to say like that's the answer
to your question. Whether he should have
um is still up in the air. Yeah. Well,
Zy, he really wants to get Shelly and so
that's where he's going to be. Apollo
here. Throw have no right to contest
this because of the fact that closes
botp, but he's actually running up very
fast and is not tping. Yeah, Dave is
just spinning around. Watch out. Eve
does absolutely nothing as the infernal
chains are in. Do is just melting and he
will go down as Roco gets over there and
takes him out. There is the evicted
crocodile as well as now life is just by
himself. Berserker's on the gravity well
and he will be taken out as well. And
it's a double for Hype. Morgan's over
the wall wanting to get some revenge on
this crocodile who will get pulled back
and just obliterated. Puman just has to
watch as all of his friends go down and
there's nothing he can do about that.
And I just can't understand the
decisions the DM Freaks are making. They
don't TP in the last fight and then this
one. Look at the mini map. He's already
running here and look, he starts tping.
Victor basically gets to the fight at
the same time as him without TP. So what
was the point of having TP advantage?
And in the meantime, gets targeted
by this immensely fed nefari. You have
the Atrox running them down as well. The
Renekton gets punted away and then
closer is also here. He didn't have TP
and he just walked here. And what it's
it's it's so confusing to me why Dian
Freaks end up playing this out the way
they did. But you know, Krakco is just
monster fed at this point and really
redeeming himself for last game. 701. I
take it all back. Uh maybe it's not time
for Hanukk.
Roco looking real good. That's a happy
Don as
well. And I'm I'm a little disappointed
about the fact that no one else knew
that this is just bro being generous,
right? They had to lose the last game.
We needed to get maximum bro
value. Got you. And also look, I don't
want to suggest anything insidious, but
if you're talking about collecting bro
taxes, you're going to get a lot more
over three games. Yeah. See what I'm
saying? Okay. Savings Bank Bion
Maximizing the gains. Wait, they have
bank in their net. Uhhuh. It all adds
up. Yeah, it certainly
does. Um, and it's tax time here in
Korea as well, so it makes some sense,
you know, doing those calculations.
Yeah. All right. Polo moving into the
river. Doo and Morgan facing off once
again. And Morgan feeling so much better
about it now. Four assists to his name
and only 300 in it for the Renekton. I
mean, you end up in a situation where
Ezreal's approaching a two item spike,
which he's pretty strong on, but Hype is
actually going to hit the two item spike
at the same time, if not earlier. And
his two items, he's going to have an IE,
which is a very expensive two items. You
don't want to be behind the curve as an
Ezreal compared to this MF. But then on
top of that, this the Fury is just so
monster fed, it just completely warps
the game. And quite frankly, like the
tankiest targets on your team are going
to be like either the probably just the
Alistister at this point. And he's just
going to shred. He's going to shred
anyone. Everyone's going to feel squishy
compared to the damage he has now,
especially with this black cleaver
eclipse build already. One thing I do
want to say at the same time is the fact
that Chem soul is actually kind of
ludicrous for Broke. They've got Poppy.
They've got Atrox who absolutely loves
it. They got a BF sword on hype already.
Don't do it. Don't do it. to Crocco is a
701 doggo and so they don't die to him.
So that's good news. Morgan going to
take this outer turret on the top side
of the map though as the Rift Herald was
still alive. Okay, well that is uh going
to be attempted once more and the Dian
Freaks I I I like the idea of not
contesting. Yeah, because they just
don't have a lot of money. Dwave going
to go for it potential angle but Crocco
has the smite and the range and he'll be
fine. The thing is as well when you have
all your gold on a fury, like if you
have all your gold on for example hype
on an AD carry, there's a lot of ways
you can punish that. But I just think
what's so obnoxious about the fury is ow
the mobility of the E, the target
ability of the W makes it very hard to
like engage onto Krocco and remove that
gold from the fight. Yeah. And actually,
you know, a lot of teams have benefited
a lot from teams hyperfocusing on
killing the Nefari first, right? Yeah.
and denying the alt resets and things
like this. But the unarget ability does
mean that you have to put yourself in
really awkward spots and just do nothing
for quite some time. And like you say,
with a very fed Nefairy, it means that
when he comes back and the rest of his
mates are there, it's not a great
time. Speaking of Crocco now down
towards the bottom side, will drop the
Rift Herald as they're looking to take
down their first inner turret of the
game. Closer wanting to facilitate that
one, but does take a bowling ball so
isn't going to be able to move alongside
and instead they're settling for this
mid lane. That's what we were talking
about as life goes in and just yeah
takes a billion damage and bleed and
everything
else and Crocco is taking the entire
jungle from Dy. This is perfect
suffocation play from Bro right
now. Absolutely is. And it just feels so
difficult to see an angle where they can
find some recourse right now. They're
kind of being choked out, but if this
continues, they're just not going to
have access to objectives. You know,
Adakan is up and available, but it's so
hard to push in when you don't have the
vision control. They're finding a window
now where resets have come through.
They're trying to sweep out a little
bit, but it's more focused around mid
rather than that pit at the top. Yeah, a
lot of vision set up here towards bottom
side, meaning that Closer can just walk
underneath the turret, throw down a
gravity field, and even out Pan as he
kills. And that max I'm seeing on the
way pings on Anak. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no.
Oh no. Oh no. No. No. Not like this. Not
like this. Not like this.
Okay. Um I feel like I feel like Switch,
you know, when when the when they're
snipers near Apoch, you know, it's it's
not like this. Not like this. DNF.
Crocco goes unargetable guys. He does
that a lot as now life moving forward
looking for the pole angle and Morgan is
moving in. The flash forward from Close.
I don't know about that one. It's a
double pole from life, but he's down so
low already and bro is just kind of
untouched. Hype wanders past the other
and presses his R button. Dive in so
much trouble. A huge explosion as they
take down the Poppy, but who cares?
Crocco is massive. He flips over the
wall and Morgan is flying towards Puman.
A triple kill. That's a
101 Nefiri for Crocco and he's looking
to make that one 11 as Kungan looking to
go down for the 11th kill. Yeah, the
doggo keeping it binary here on the
rift. I just don't know what compelled
them. It's like something affected the
freaks and like you know what it's time
just to send and we're going to need to
to get some immunizations out because
this like epidemic that we are seeing
here in the LCK is ridiculous. But like
they're trying to engage on a crocco and
he just presses W. And look, Berserker
and Door, it's not just the fact they're
losing health, which is obviously
relevant, but they're losing resists as
well. Berserker is already half HP. Door
is already half HP and they're being
shredded as well. The resists are there,
so they just get nuked. And as a result,
they have to back away. They're getting
melted a bit by the Arcane Storm. And
then it's just there was never any point
in this passage of play. There was not a
single second where they had hope. Yeah.
just as as soon as they started hitting
the Anakan, it was doomed.
All right, now it's a 9,000 gold lead
for the Bros. Uh, who can basically just
wander up Scrooge McDuck style,
understanding that they've got a
swimming pool of money and so much uh to
destroy in the enemy team's base. Doy
going to come on over. Will be able to
at least get some of the chickens. Well,
I do have some good news for you.
Uh-huh. Uh, but they're killing. Holo
may be dead. Does get interrupted. My
god, the Arcane Storm damage is
disgusting. Life is not long for this
world. It's a double for him off the
back end as Morgan starting to become an
absolute menace on the rift. And Doo is
going to find himself the last man
standing. Crocco gets I think he's 12th
or 13th or something like that. Maybe
he's going to grab 14. That's a bullet
time to the back of the head. Point
blank range and the Bros say not today
DN Freaks. It's 010 time and
unfortunately still winless here in the
LCK. But the Bros a good bounce back
after a difficult loss previously
against DRX. They are just demolishing
them at the moment. And uh yeah,
engaging onto the Poppy. The Poppy with
Celestial position. Not the easiest
target to take down. Uh, and even if
they had, well, they do eventually kill
Polo, but even if they'd blown him up
pretty quickly, you end up in such a bad
spot. It's so easy for the DM Freaks to
just finish them off, you
know? Yeah, Voodoo does just end up
killing Ko with a flash, but it's like
whatever. Uh, do is just getting chased
down and it felt like Croco just one
shot him basically. He definitely did.
Yeah. Let's have a look at that line
now. 120 and three. I do have some some
some interesting news for you, okay? Cuz
I thought I'd look ahead a bit because
All right, I'm going to be real, Max.
Yes, I don't think DM Freaks are getting
their face win today. No, I don't think
so either. But I looked at their next
match. All right, and their next match
is against a team who would be very in
character for them to lose to the DM
Freaks. And it would also be very funny.
Is it DK or KT? It's KT. Oh god. So, the
010 primed KT taked down is a potential
future.
Honestly, that one's winnable. That is
definitely winnable. And also, it would
be very funny what is happening. Um,
having a look at what Oh, they got the
other. They did it. It was their dream
and it has been achieved as uh life is
going to see what he can do about
getting them off the nexus. The articon
for Nex's trade is not what I was
expecting as the shortest keeper verdict
is going to push them away. And there
goes the game. That was ridiculous. It
looks like that because of the recalls,
it looks like they're just asleep in the
base. The next being taken.
Oh man. Well, but they got the Articon,
ladies and gentlemen. And that is what
counts cuz that's the only way to cure
yourself of Artakanitis
is to kill the Artaka and realize it was
never worth it. Yeah, once they did cure
themselves, they woke up out of their
stuper and were like, "Oh no, our nexus
exploded." So, a bit subpar, but the
pros in the end are able to close it out
with this blue side victory. Really nice
play from Crocco. Uh, and I think it's
still true, right? The Crocco from ahead
is an absolute monster and we're still
yet to see what he can do from behind
that's a bit better. Morgan had a little
bit of a rough day, but I think everyone
else on on Bro really had some some
great performances. I think Clear in
game one from Po was pretty massive. The
Aurora was having a pretty good time in
lane. The bot lane though from from Bro,
I think really showed up. Obviously, the
pentacill from Hype was pretty massive
in game one, but I think Polo had a
great day. the Braum doing a lot of work
to peel and the Poppy in this one.
Setting up those plays onto the way. Not
an easy task. Yeah, I think uh the Bros
definitely like Apollo's Braum in game
number one. Fantastic as well. Of
course, that was largely a composition
thing, but he did his job uh pretty
perfectly and just always it's always
heartwarming to see a bro victory. I
just want to let you guys know as well
uh in Twitch chat, we were pretty hard
on you today. We were trying to get as
much Broax as we possibly could and look
at what it did. It absolutely paid off.
It perhaps even mind controlled Dian
Freaks to run towards an Utakan that
they didn't need to be around at all.
But honestly, at that point in the game,
not a whole lot mattered. They were
12,000 gold behind and some Hail Marys
were all that were going to get them
there and they did not work out.
Pentacill man here. Hype picking up his
first of the LCK and looking great while
he did it. Pom. Who does it go to? Is it
Crocco? I think Crocco is probably going
to get it and get a lot of votes. I
didn't go for Crocco, though. Ooh, it
was Is it the Polo time? I felt Polo.
Oh, I love that. Poppy. I think he did
so much, you know. I think his braw was
a big reason why they had so much
success in the skirmishes. And the
Poppy, I think a lot too. But I think I
I think, you know, I think because of
the Yoro game, um I think people aren't
going to give it to Morgan, but I think
anyone else, I think, is is really a
valid vote on this lineup. Yeah, I don't
think it's uh it's probably not going to
go to the Lord this time, but the Lord
give it. You know, he wants his uh he
wants those votes to go to his teammates
because he is benevolent. Yeah, I think
probably bot lane or jungles most
likely. Um true. Hype had a really good
day on both the Ash and the Emma. That's
a really good point. Yeah. So, we'll
see. We will see what people opt to go
for. And
uh again, it would be pretty cool for
Crocker to come back and end up getting
PO. Yeah. And I'm looking forward to
seeing a little bit more from him as
well. I don't think you necessarily
learn as much from uh tackling the 09
team here in the LCK, but it is a really
good debut or redbut into the LCK for
Crocco to have a less difficult matchup
like uh the unenviable position of
Pongan debuting or redbuting against
Chovi. That's um that's not what we saw
here, right? So definitely a bit of an
ease him into it type situation. Yeah.
Um the flash raw bullet time from hype.
That's vibes. That really is. That's
peak bro. Oh yeah.
And this will just chase them down and
destroy them. We are now going to get an
idea as to what was happening at the end
of this game where they were on the
other and bro wandered into the enemy
base and
then killed it. Yeah. Sometimes we talk
about back doors. This is the front
door. Yeah.
And this was like the door wasn't even
locked. Yeah, it wasn't even closed. It
was open. They just walked in. They had
a welcome sign and I think that there
was hot cocoa on the table when they
walked inside.
Yeah. And then you get the sleeping
[Laughter]
champions and the world's shortest
keeper verdict as well as they just go
into the fountain and that is it. Closer
with 10k more damage than his
opposition. His victor looking great.
But the the main story was of course
Crocco on the Nefiri looking absolutely
fantastic. Yeah. Really solid
performance. Close I think over the
course of this series did a pretty obs.
Oh yeah. But uh pumping the numbers
there.
But yeah, I think uh you know once again
a 2-1 to Bro. Same score they had last
time. Not the cleanest. Definitely some
things they want to work on, but
ultimately a win is a win. Yep. Uh, and
we have to remember as well at the
beginning of this we were thinking that
perhaps the uh, draft wasn't the
greatest, but thanks to this man largely
they were able to make it work and
snowball to a victory. Croco on the
Nefuri
1203. Absolutely absurd. It's like the
knockturn was just a bad dream. Yeah, I
was I think player of the match is so
funny because you get to see in in Yeah,
they put up the the the the the low
point. It's a stinker. You know, the
match in the middle where it's like that
one wasn't so hot. Did we perhaps need
to put this one in? Maybe not. But maybe
uh you just have to because No, maybe it
represents the spirit to fight on
despite the fact that you you got
spooked by a rumble. Yeah, if you don't
love him at his worst, you don't deserve
him at his best. And the best is pretty
good with that 1203 performance. The
best part is though, we get to have an
interview with Kroco as well as he comes
back into the LCK. get to have a chat
with Howard has been meshing with the
team cuz there are a lot of questions
that a lot of us had about whether or
not it was even a good idea to bring him
through and we're starting to see that
maybe the closer crocco synergy that
they are you know that they had in the
past on Li Sandbox could be an answer to
that but now we get to hear it from the
horse's mouth you know that's the
important part wonder if they will ask
him about that I don't know I feel like
maybe it's um is it a bit on the nose or
something like that maybe it's just like
how do you feel about the spin type
situation. What do you think about
playing a hot dog champion?
I do actually uh want to want to What do
you like on your Gizzy? Oh yeah. Is it
sour cream in fact that is on the head
of the doggo in the hot dog skin?
Because that was a great point of
contention yesterday. Yeah, it was a
heavy debate. It was. These are the
important topics we cover at the LCK.
Yeah, and that's uh that's why you guys
tune in daily. Uh that's not actually
true. you tune in so that you can pay
the bro tax which is very very important
and we thank you for that on behalf of
bro every single time. It is now time
for us to throw it over to dear for the
interview translation.
[Music]
Thank you very much guys. This is dear
for the POM interview translation. We're
here with KCO on the side
of OK savings bank.
Congratulations. Thank you.
It's been a while since we saw you on
the interview stage. What a great start
to round two. You just defeated Dian
Freaks. How do you feel, you know,
during the practice and preparation
process? Well, I just tried to take it
easy, but the team that we were against
today was definitely uh a team with a
high potential. So, I think we had a
pretty rocky start.
And today was your LCK comeback match
and I'm sure there was excitement and
pressure. So what mindset did you come
in with
today? What it feels like is you know
it's been 500 days but it was actually
671 days.
So when I left to go to China I said I
will make my come back to Korea one day.
And I'm just really happy that I'm able
to come back and get a PM today as
well. And in game one, we saw Hype get
his pentacill. And he was so happy
saying, "Wow, that was so yummy." So,
please congratulate him.
You know, Hype actually does watch a lot
of
VODs and he was actually watching Deft
get a pentacill, you know, one of the
videos that he was watching on YouTube
and he said, "Oh my gosh, I really want
to get a pentakill as well." And it was
really cool seeing him get a pentacill.
So, do you guys try to set it up for
each other to get a pentacill? You know,
during practice, we don't actually do
that. We don't we're not as wholesome as
it sounds like, you know, what happened
today. But I think today it was just so
much more meaningful for him to get a
pent kill. So, I think everyone was in
it together. And let's talk about game
three. You took Nefiri as the first pick
and it really showed your confidence.
So, was it something that you really
wanted to play today?
you know, rather than me trying to
appeal to my team that I wanted to play,
it was just really one of those limited
uh options that we had.
And I think recently we've been seeing a
lot of good results out of Nefiri during
practice. So I think that's why we
didn't hesitate in picking him
her. And Nefiri, your KDA was 1203.
The most kills a jungler had this
season. And so are you satisfied with
your gameplay?
You know, it's been such a long time
since I came back to play on the LCK and
I was really nervous, but in the by game
three, you know, I think I was very used
to it. I adapted really well and I think
that's what really allowed me to get
that many
kills. And from round two, you know, you
stepped in and head coach Atgar actually
claimed that you are a clear leader in
game. And just like how you said just
listen to me you guys. You showed up
like the true big brother. So what kind
of role do you want to take in the team?
you know, I have always looked up to
Peanut and he was my role model and I
think he's the clear leader of the
team and I really want to follow his
footsteps and really just be someone
that resembles
him and in the 2022
season a lot of the fans are really
looking forward to seeing the Koko and
closer synergy. So, how was it playing
with him? You know, even from the
practice process, it just felt so
comfortable playing with him. I think we
just played like how we always used
to. And you get to open round two with a
victory. What are your goals moving
forward from starting from round
two? Although it wouldn't be the same as
how we were before, I hope that we
slowly build up our synergy and
chemistry to show you guys the how good
we were
before. And it was a lowly night
qualifier. And now that you won, we will
have Morgan and closer on lolly night.
So, what do you think will be the
highlight? No. As everybody knows,
you know, Morgan, he's so talkative.
He's going to talk a lot.
and Closer. I know everyone adores
Closer, so I'm sure everyone will en
enjoy watching Lonely Night with those
two. And there are so many fans sending
you all the energy. Would you like to
send any
messages? So, our team concluded round
one with a three win and six loss, and
we want to make sure that we get as many
wins in round two, and we will do our
best. Thank you so much for all the
support. And that's the end of the
interview with Koko and back to the
space. Thank you.
[Music]
That's right, it is bro night tonight on
Li Night as it is a 21 victory. As the
casters said, it was just more matches
for the Bros to have here. 2-1 over the
DN Automotive Freaks who will still
continue to look for their first victory
as we move into round two. Here's the
POM. Uh, and the new guy, Krakco, coming
on in and making a huge impact on the
team.
Game two was obviously not the best that
game when it comes to KDA, not the best,
but he also did his job there. I think
got the team really rolling, but the
game three was awesome. I think uh kind
of what the cost were saying as well
that this isn't really too much of an
indication cuz we're playing against the
Infreaks. Uh but yep that that nefari
game gave a little bit of confidence and
hopefully they bros can use that for
more momentum. In game one they had a
draft that was super easy to play. Game
three they played very aggressively to
their drafts win con. So game two really
make made you worried like the Morgan
champion pool has continued to be an
issue but when bro do have a good game
plan the execution is there which we saw
in games one and three. You know the
team looks like they they've got it
together a little bit. So it's not all
doom and gloom. Game two felt like all
doom and gloom. But we have to remind
everyone that the steam is still super
solid. Yes. And speaking of doom and
gloom because I got caught up on this
win by the pros. Uh, thank you dear for
the translation. Aya. All right, let's
get to the comments here. And we start
with Well, I you know cuz it would be
doom and gloom if we forgot to thank
Dear for her wonderful work. There's
Chronicler. I I I have been known to be
a bit of a crocco fanboy. So I'm very is
known to not capitalize his eyes for
some reason. Is that what they do in the
Netherlands? I'm just a lazy typer.
Unfortunately, I'm just a lazy typer.
Yes. Low case I Let's go to Wolf's comic
now because the
eyes the lowerase eyes. Who isn't hyped
for a pentacill? It wasn't that hype of
a pentacill was like a front to back
scion with ash chasing people down while
they got slowed. But look, who isn't
hyped for a pentacill? Hype had the most
consistent performance to me across all
three games. I I I'm I'm with you on
that one. I also just think it's cool
that every time hype does well, it just
further solidifies. Why is this guy on
low? What happened?
I don't know. I don't know. Well, you
should be happy. I don't I Yeah, sorry.
I'm tired of asking the question at this
point, great great loanage there by uh
bro making this one happen. Peel Master
Paloo as Ox went with the based Paloo
vote here. And Ox actually with a good
comment like well thought out. Yeah, I
mean we know Paloo for the the Nautilus
generally going in this one showing
showing some growth. I'd also normally
roast Ox's common, but he's not here, so
be kind of rude, so I'm not going to do
it this time around. Yeah, he's
definitely not. I would never right.
He's definitely not right there. Yeah,
let's see what everyone else had to say.
Thanks, Wolf. I'll be here. Han, you're
not ready to go past me. That's a little
I Yeah, I I think that the Doy
experiment I'm like we can keep that
going. I maybe the Pongyong experiment
not so much. I think he's really been
struggling. He kind of had like the
initial Oh
god. Oh, that's Oh no.
You know, I know Pony's a movie buff,
but that's that's kind of that's kind of
heavy, man. the uh Korean commentator
streamed and actually gave BDD the uh
like number one for East Side um like
first all pro, but they also then said
that it was out of pity. It might
actually be closer to be honest. Uh he
has looked really solid this year.
Pretty good. Could be.
Yeah, I mean I will say they both did
get signature champions that did not
perform well. Zir for BDD. Uh Aurora for
closer not so good. Now I'm I'm over the
closer Aurora thing. the two games he
played it before today. He got fed,
didn't do much. This time, same thing.
Got fed, didn't do much. Uh, Cloud
Templar, it wasn't the spiciest
performance, but it was solid and
reliable. There's literally only two
flavors of Cloud Templar. Straight fire
catalog. Like the most boring line, like
you know, when you just I got to say
something, but I don't know what else to
say. Yeah, I Cloud Temple and I are
basically the same. You either have one
you're really proud of, but you're just
like, I don't know. Uh, he did it. It
was good. You know, mistakes. It's an
honest job. You know, we just clock in,
do our job, go home. That's a palm
comment. This is like the least
celebrated penta ever. Let's take a look
at GoGo. The Predator is back on the
rift. That's right. The Crocco is back.
I like this one. This one a little bit
deeper of a gun. A crocodile is an apex
predator. Uh feared and unchanged by
evolution for what is it? Millions of
years at this point. It's remarkable.
It's a cool creature. Yeah. Um he wasn't
the Renekton player today, but uh very
cool, solid comment.
Let's get to best ceremony where we take
a look at some of the best celebrations
from our winners from the week.
All
right, here.
Okay, good. Leahens went from my toy.
Oh, wow. Big. I think that's safe. That
went from like yo, do I have to do this
to then actually try harding it? Insane
hype level of like get wrecked. Oh, this
this one I don't know. The form was
good. The form was good. It's good. It's
a proud smile as well. Clean smile.
Yeah, you should get MVP for making both
these guys do this. Owner with the
hearts. The three different hearts.
Owner. I'm not sold on. Uh I I think I
think the landing. Yeah, for sure. My
favorite part of this, he does the
hearts and then afterwards he walks past
Zayas who's setting up and it's like Zas
looks at him and he looks back and he's
just like, "Hey, how you doing?"
[Music]
Honestly, honestly, he didn't fall out
of the chair this time. He didn't fall
out of the chair this time. Please,
please, please. The evolution of you.
He does the pose unironically. That's
advanced chair mechanics. Yeah. No, like
last time he he didn't he forgot to like
cancel the bounce. Um, so he fell out.
So what if I'm feeling lessens? I know
it's kind of basic, but I just loved how
Lehen was like seriously you guys want
me to do a thing and then he like nailed
it. He like did the thing and even did
the thumbs down at the end. So I'm I'm
on team Lens. Thumbs down. Otherwise, it
would have been Z, but the thumbs down
really sol. Yeah. Let us know in the
chat using the banners below and also
just telling us what it is. We'll
tabulate it all for you at the end. And
let's take a look at the standings here.
As with this victory, the Bros are
solidifying their side on the Eastern
front. Four to six tied with BNK
FRX and the DN Automotive Freaks. They
now sink to double digits on the loss
column 0 and 10. And I mean at this
rate, you lost to Bro. If you lose to
DRX, I mean it doesn't get easier for
the DN Freaks. They might go the way of
Jin Air if things do not change. They
already tried to change out the jungler.
It wasn't successful. I'm not sure what
the next game plan is going to be as
Punan is also still struggling, but hope
for the best for them because I do not
want to see another 0 and 18 here in an
LCK double round. Now, next week, some
uh bigger matches here for the
standings. Top side of the Eastern
Front. BNK, FX, and Bro will kick things
off. D+ and T1 will do battle on the
Saturday showdown. Also T1 and DRX, two
teams on two game winning streaks
looking to try and solidify their uh
upward momentum. Anything jump out of
you? Bro, one can only imagine what DKKT
is going to do to their respective fans
as I actually think the NIM T1 matchup
is pretty hype. I'm looking forward to
that one. So, we'll see. Dian Freaks
Humble Life are also pretty close in the
standing. So, that could be cool. As Hi,
everyone. Look who we got. Hi. So, as
you all know, all the children have
assembled. Yes, the children are
wiggles. Look at all these colors.
Yeah, it's great. Weird. So, hey kids.
And that's what we're gonna be in Korea.
Children's Day is May 5th and is a
national holiday to celebrate kids like
us. It was first created to help
children grow strong and wise. The day
reminds everyone how important, precious
children are, important and precious
children are. Families usually spend the
day together, just kind of like what we
did today, and go on fun trips and give
little gifts. It's like a mini festival
just for kids. So, we thought it would
be fun to see photos of us when we were
kids or babies and guess who is which
one. So, without further ado, pressure
on all of us now. Yeah. Not
just guessers.
Daniel Ox Harris. Mr. Orcs Harrison. Oh
my god. I think this might be M.
All right. All right. So, you're you're
off the guessing couch. Outside.
Outside. Yeah. God, you were so cute,
though. What happened? What is your What
is your What does your sweater say? Yay.
Oh, it's Hidden on the Wall. Uh, it was
like the nursery or school I went to.
So, that it was called Hidden on the
Wall. So cute. You look so precious.
Yeah. I have this picture in in crib.
All right, we're keeping track. Uh,
chat, someone said
Valdez. Oh, wait. Do we have Valdez?
Okay, we will. All right, Ox, come on
back. Who is this baby? Oh my god, he's
blonde. He's blonde. I'm going to say
I'm going to say I think it's I feel
like the race the race like eyebrow is
giving me like
about something. Is that Doran? It's the
alien forehead as well. Is it Doran? Is
that Doran?
Actually, this one I I wouldn't have
known. I thought the baby picture was
easier. It was me. I I I picked this
picture cuz I felt like I had a very
Doran expression in this picture. I
thought it would be funny. I thought
maybe I could use as cover, but they
gave the other one as well. Yeah. Um
Yeah. This is me at the beach. That's my
sister in the background. I was like the
tie-dye. Okay. I think part of the
problem with this is everyone starts
guessing apart from the person who it is
who's like Yeah. That's why you need to
have guess you guys. Yeah. To throw us
off. We need Dan did his best to try and
guess someone else. All right, let's
take a look here. Who is our child
number three? Well, I wonder who that
could be. I wonder who that would be. Is
that Max? It might
be a fashion choice. I'm going to say
Deon. Yeah, that cap. I'm pretty sure he
still has that. No, that's uh guys
that's that's not me. It's not it's Oh
my god. Is that's what did Yeah, that's
what we did. I got a little bit confused
when everyone was like, "Oh, but it's
Don, but I was
like No, that's uh Yeah. Wait, is that
Hang on. She Oh my god. She sort of did.
She told us. She said she wasn't in it.
She trolled us. She told us she wasn't
going to be in it. Oh, the wiggles. Oh
my god. Oh, that was so incredibly
impressive. That was so impressive. She
told us before we went live that she
wasn't doing it and all of us got mad.
Oh, man. I was like, "Wow, Dion looked
really different when he was younger."
And and the wizard
wasn't on the count of one. She's like,
"You'll sit here. Everyone will be
there." All right, let's go next. Yep.
Let's go next. All right, who we got?
We're We're prepping it up right now as
we're dealing with it. Well, now I'm
feeling like that might be wicked.
It's going to
be Yundo now, right? Yundo. I'm going to
guess Yundo. That's Widow. That's Wid.
That's
We're locking it in. We're locking it
in. A full on day. That's what you know.
Oh, this is definitely Wid. We also know
what Wid's mom as well.
Love that. Oh, man. Got the photo on the
mom, by the way. I feel like I donated
the wrong photos. I didn't do it as
well. Like his told a story. Oh, wait.
How many did everyone give? I just gave
one.
Ask, "Can you give a photo?" And
everyone's like, "Here, here's a photo
album." Okay, that's got to be How you
doing, buddy? That's got to be Max. Max,
that is 100%. He's done something
nefarious. That's 100% Max. There's
paint on his face. How has your hair not
changed? What do you That's Come on.
That's Max. Oh my god. Wait, no. No,
it's Feldus. Wait, that's Oh my god. I
got pranked as well. Yeah. Oh,
I thought you and baby Valdez actually
like look so similar. I thought you were
trying to throw it off. I thought you
were trying to throw it off. We were
throwing it off so hard that we both got
thrown off. Thanks Valdez. Max, he looks
so much like Max on the first picture.
Even Vald is in chat saying I was like,
I didn't even send that photo.
Hi Valdez. Happy Children's Day
celebrating with young
Brucer. We'll make sure that everyone
gets it right. All right, let's take a
look who's next. That's Yundo. That
seemed easy. That's Yundo. Like you
should have got a younger one. I didn't
learn golf until I was older. So
you should have got a picture of someone
else cuz the golf was a good red
herring. Red herring cuz they ordered
it. So like golf, you know, by the way,
the right one. Yeah. Mine's the one
where my hair is colored. All right.
Yeah, surely. Uh go bad at this game.
Well, you love We got a 50 cast. All
right. Is that I think there's too many
colors. That's got to be Deon. How has
Don's fashion sense not changed since he
was
What is that? Oh my god. You would wear
that today. What are those? What do you
mean those shoes last night? Oh, that's
drip. Oh, that's actually even the pose.
I love those 40s as well. There we go.
No, it's Oh, damn.
Oh, this hand. Sorry. There you go. It
could have been a mirrored photo. Yeah,
almost. Yeah, I like it. That's a
banger. All right. So, one person. Yeah.
Auspicious. Suspicious. There's at least
two. At least two. Mouse. I don't I
don't know who else we're including now.
We could be going. I believe you guys
were jokingly.
It's Max. That's Max. Ninja Turtles.
That has to be Max. I don't know. Max
has gone suspiciously silent. He
revealed. Look at the Look at the
cheeks. Guys, today on broadcast he said
he was blonde when he was a baby. He
did. He did say Yeah, he did. He did.
So, either he was trying to throw us off
or that's him, you know. Look at that
face. Oh my god. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Yeah,
that kind of gives it away. Yeah. Oh,
the silhouette's still there. The other
hand. Switch hands. Oh, there we go. We
want it to look exactly the same. There.
Nothing has changed. Wait, which one's
the the baby picture?
Not this one.
Nothing has changed. What did happen?
All right, I wonder. So, okay. No, maybe
it's another We are keeping score here.
Yankos does not work here. All right,
last one.
I'll get back to my All right, let's get
to it. Yeah. Oh,
we're just making sure we're locking in
here. Maybe this is a random baby. That
com. It's an AI photo, right? Oh my god.
What happened? Let's look at those lips.
Okay. What? Fisherman. Must have liked
putting blue things on his head back
then. This how we get introduced to a
new co-work.
The reveal.
Dutch child looking out of a
We're getting
closer. We got the jawline. It's over
there.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
Oh. Oh, no. Not the slow zoom. Not the
slow zoom. Yeah. Oh, yeah.
We're still in it. Yeah. Beautiful.
Absolutely. That was really hard to
hold. We watched you die inside for a
long time there. Thankfully, we did cut
the shot.
My goodness. Ronnie's face watching that
last series. I think how how we do it. I
think that was it. Are we getting any
more? I think I think we done it. I That
was it. Submission. You know, switch the
pictures. Did Kion not put herself in? A
or dear. A We got ganked by Gson, but
not ganked by anyone else. On behalf of
everyone here at the LCK, happy
Children's Day. It has been so fun
creating and covering everything with
you for you and we'll get to do it again
next week. Take care of everyone and
take care of yourselves everyone. We'll
see you next time. And everyone take
care of everyone as well. It's fine.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's like the
perfect Bye kids. Yeah. Byebye. Bye.
[Music]
Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat.
[Music]
Yeah, heat.
Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
makes me
[Music]
stronger.
[Music]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]