Oh my god. Oh, wait. Oh my god. Oh my
god. No way. Oh my god. Donkey Kong's
Alive. If you like Connor Eats Pants,
you'll love Connor Eats Pants Live. Yo,
what's going on everybody? Welcome. It's
Nintendo time. Nintendo time. Dude, I
haven't slept. I don't expect much. I
feel like they're going to spend like 30
minutes talking about how like the the
Joy-Con is like a mouse or
something. going to be like, "You can
play Splatoon with a mouse now." Gonna
like not give a [ __ ] I have a White
Claw root beer right here next to me,
dude. Just for this. Wow. New graphics.
Wow. Let's go, dude. Mario Kart, let's
go, bro. Let's go, dude. Let's go. Go,
Mario.
Go. Wait. The music's awesome. Wait.
This is awesome, dude. Mario's back.
They were They were in a boat. I'm too
tired for I saw Nabbit. I saw Nabbit on
a bite. I saw him. Wait, I'm looking for
the
frog. Oh, I liked how Bowser Jr. looked.
Oh my god, they're on the walls. Oh, I
think you could be the cow from Mumu
Meadows, dude. They're back. Wait,
they're back. Oh, they're eating food.
The ch Oh. Oh my god, they're back. Oh
my god, he's in a costume. Wait, this
looks awesome. Wait, holy [ __ ] Mario,
it's not They don't even put a number on
it, dude. Oh my god. Hello everyone. I'm
Koto. They They got new guys for this.
That's how you know they fired
everybody. They finally did it. They
cleaned house. Get in here, guys. What
do you think? This brand new Mario Kart.
Everybody, get in. Tell your friends.
Text your friends. They hired new guys.
A brand new entry in the Mario Kart
series is launching exclusively on the
Nintendo Switch 2 system.
Welcome to this vast world that stands.
Wait, I was right. I was right, dude. Oh
my god. Wait, it's not ex Wait, it's
even better, bro. It's a whole island.
And in this Mario, look at all the
characters. Holy [ __ ]
To the next course.
Wait, it is what I thought. It's big
tracks. It's like they lead into each
other. Oh my god, I was right. I called
it. Someone find someone find the clip,
dude.
You'll be eliminated. Unless those are
like in real, but surely they wouldn't
do that. Where's Kirby? Drive around
this world in free road. Come on.
They'll
never takes you. This is awesome. A
brand new race across the entire world.
Start Mario Kart. Look at all the dudes.
The game launches. More details about
this. I thought that was when it comes
out. I was like, "Oh my god, they're
shipping them out before the tariffs
begin." It's just the best. It's the
best thing I've ever seen. Next, we'd
like to introduce some of the new
features of Nintendo Switch. You can
show the stupid mouse if you want. I I
don't even give a [ __ ] The Joycon 2.
That's the best. That's the best video
game I've ever seen. We've added a new C
button.
Okay. Honor button. It opens up my
stream, please. Alone. Where the Oh,
there's the audio. I'm still ahead of
all of you guys. Oh, their audio is
[ __ ] Hold up. I'm Their audio is Hold
on. I'll pull up the other with friends
and family while playing a game. Discord
on switch. No way, bro. Wait, it's what
I call Wait, I called it. All right,
let's keep going. It's coming. Let's
make a left right here. Let's make a
When it's noisy around you, your voice.
They just tricked me into switching.
Okay, I get it. There we go. There we
go. You can also share your game.
Yeah, I don't believe you. Also, your
audio is out of sync. Also, it's
definitely not me. Even their trailer is
it's showing how it's going to work. Oh
my god, there's an Animal Crossing game.
Wait, no, it could just be Wait, there's
Switch One games on there. Never mind.
They baited you. They baited you. This
is awesome. I love that this You know
what? They might have hired new guys,
but they're still Nintendo. This is
awesome. Or expand another Friends game
screen.
Like, what's awesome is that this is
them like playing it up. This is them
lying to you. I could only I cannot
wait. This is incredible. It's not me.
It's literally their trailer. This I
swear this is the live feed. Surely
their chat is reacting too. Oh wait, it
is me. Oh, never mind. It is me. I was
playing two audio. Never mind guys. Hi.
How's everyone doing? What the [ __ ] is
happening? You can appear on screen and
video chat while playing a game.
Nintendo cam. I love that it's literally
just
disc shitty. I love it. This is so
Nintendo. I It's so funny. It's so
Nintendo cuz I can even like think back
like the discourse on like voice chat
was at its biggest at like in like 2017
2018 and that would have been when they
were just starting to like design this
console. Like what's going to succeed
the Switch? And they were like, "Yeah,
we'll put a voice chat button on it."
That was like really early on in the
design phase. Game chat. Wow. Game chat.
What did you think? Miss the Nintendo
Switch 2 camera. Wow. which will be
available on the same day as it will. I
don't want to get my Switch without it.
I remembered that like Twitter existed
and I like tried to like think of
something funny to say and I was like I
don't even want to do this. One person
owns a compatible game. I don't care.
Game share can only be used with
compatible games. This feature those are
like all old games by the way for I
guess it would make sense that it be old
games. Up next. Wait, I thought they
were desynced again. Oh, I was just also
playing two audio. Oh my god. The
system's thick with double the twist.
This is literally what like they would
play on the guitar while like the pastor
is giving a sermon. I like my youth
group growing up. The guy in the back
would be like strumming the guitar and
it sound like this 120 fps. They're not
going to No one that there knows how to
do that. You guys are overreacting. This
This was built into the screen that they
bought off like the factory. Dude, they
don't know how to use this yet. You know
how many like small displays have these
features? They're like, "Yeah, it also
is going to run a little bit hotter and
you can no longer fly with it on
planes." That's a Switch One feature.
This is going to be incredible. No,
Nintendo. They weren't even thinking
about it because like we're going to
have like a whole new era of like kids
on voice chat. This is so good for
Fortnite on a Friday. This is so good.
Everybody's going to have a mic now.
It's like how the PlayStation 5
controller like has a mic in it. New era
of like connect mic. Wow. Two. It's
handy for connecting. They're kind of
stealing Apple's ideology.
Comes with 256 GB of internal storage.
Okay. Well, to be fair, 8 GB was always
absurd. That's like a fair amount.
Themes. They have themes on the left.
They just hit every button to make all
the fans like hyper like lose their
mind. Oh, wait. Wasn't there always a
themes tab on the old system? Never
mind. They're still not adding those. As
well as compatible Nintendo Switch
games. It's probably most of your Switch
games. Probably Nintendo Switch 2 isn't
simply an improved Nintendo Switch. Oh,
that's why they put a two on it. To help
players better understand the Switch 2
hardware, we're currently developing
this game. Hello. Oh, here comes here
comes the 12 location is actually inside
the game itself. Yep. Here we go. This
is Nintendo Switch 2 welcome. Yep, here
it is. Like it's a mouse now. It is kind
of
giving a little bit. This is also the
home menu by the way. new home.
Examining signs like these PlayStation,
you have to like walk to your game.
Nintendo Switch 2 Welcome Tour will
launch as a paid digital game on the
same day as Nintendo Switch. Did you get
your premium battle pass when you buy
your Switch? That's literally what it
is. That's so funny. I can't believe
it's actually paid. Please note that
regular micro SD card for Nintendo
Switch will not be compatible. Wait.
Okay.
Why even tell us? Like why even include
that here? Like the guy who bought the
like yellow like oneup star like Switch
micro SD card is not going to care or is
going to post on Reddit and no one's
going to help
him. That's my birthday. Nintendo Switch
2. You can play three games. Okay. It
only has three games
in Xbox 360 games.
Imagine though. What the [ __ ] is
Jambburye TV games to play with? That's
what this segment is.
It uses the camera. Holy [ __ ] It's
literally the connect. You're right. Oh
my god. Do you have to use Surely you
don't have to use the camera game?
Looking at these new games, I'm not as
excit Okay. They all seem quite
gimmicky. They're funny like twice. I'm
not trying to take away your whimsy, but
these these are good. Okay, wait. Switch
to Edition plus Jambbury TV. So,
Jamberry TV is maybe the extension
games. Maybe the two edition part. More
normal boards. It's $60 DLC. Wait,
really? I didn't see that. Let's go,
dude. Nintendo Switch 2 edition. I love
video games. It looks the same. Which
makes the higher graphics. Not everybody
got to play it on there. can get even
more out of your adventures in Hyrule
using Zelda notes. Okay, this new
feature. You thought it was something
cool on smart devices. Wow, this is what
I thought gaming would be like when like
I saw the initial Destiny 1 trailer.
It's like, wow, you're going to use your
iPhone alongside the video game. That's
pretty neat. We hope these Let's Kirby
in Kirby and the Forgotten. He's alive.
These are the games that are already
here. I guess they're not new games, but
at least he gets a new world to explore.
There's always something mysterious
going on with Kirby, dude. This guy just
can't stay out of trouble. I love Kirby.
He's so cute. I agree. I agree with
that. I think he's all so cool and chill
and he'd like have a beer with you. He
can do it all. 4K 60 HDR 1080 120. Oh my
god, these really are new guys. They
hired whole new dudes. Clueless shirt.
Yeah.
Yeah. We'll see. Oh god. which is 60
frames if game free can figure it out
you just
saw we'll see it's separate for Breath
of the Wild and Tears of the Kingdom.
That's crazy. That's so crazy. You can
buy it for everything. Please be IP I
recognize. No new IP. Only Only things I
recognize. Wait, this looks cool. Never
mind. Wait, this is awesome. They're
like guys in wheelchairs. Dragon drive.
Dude, they look like Halo guys. Oh no,
it's over for Master Chief. Ei woke
game. You're right. It is a kind of a
woke game. But maybe woke is cool. It's
Griff Ball. No, wait. They're stealing
Halo's whole [ __ ] It is kind of Griff
Ball. Oh, no. They stole the character
design and it's and its biggest sport.
This is awesome. I can't wait to see
these guys in Smash Bros. You're going
to be able to run over people with a
wheelchair in Smash. Intuitively pull
off various moves. Oh god, I forgot that
like it was like a gimmick game until
they did that again. I don't want to be
scraping it. I guess it's a I mean, if
it's a mouse, maybe it goes on a mouse
pad. Elden Ring, bro. All right, I'll
finally play it. But it'll be the Switch
version. There you go. I'll finally I'll
I'll do a I'll do the marathon thing,
maybe. I'm back. Conor's Fans is back.
Finally, we got new Nintendo games. No,
I'll play through it on Switch all the
way, bro. And you still won't play it?
No, I'm going to do it now because it's
really f No, the way you get me is by it
being really funny and it being on
Switch is really funny. Like that that's
that's just funny, dude. That's how I'm
going I'm going to play it like that. An
immortal witch out to vanquish the
sinister Titan of Times. Why are y'all
pugging? This is like the most Yeah, of
course it's going to be duh. This is the
Switch game. They made this game for
This thing's going to be on Switch 3 as
well. Stop hating your viewers. That's
not hating. You should have been mad if
it wasn't here. I want to see Hollow
Night. That's what I want. Oh my god.
Amiios.
What the [ __ ] I can't. I'm just
surprised they're still printing them.
Anthem 2. Oh no. Never mind. I got to I
was excited. Maybe it's a Zenolade game.
The nerds can get excited. Be pacified.
Your audio is still lagging, King. No, I
think it's Nintendo's stream. It's not
not your streamer.
Hey, this is Joseph Forest from Hazel. I
love how it's like not fix your odd.
It's not It's not me. It's them. Yay.
Real games. Real games.
Hi, I'm Alan from Avalanche Software.
Audio sync L's in the chat. Oh my god.
Hogwarts Legacy. This game sucked ass. I
think the best thing to come out of that
game was like the video I have where I
just like keep zapping the cats and I
like can't help like I'm like losing my
mind laughing. There's nothing else that
came out of that game that's worth
looking at. Spongebob, wait, I have to
play it. I'm in Hitman. These games are
great. I should go back to We are
excited to bring another familiar agent
to the platform. Oh my god, they did it.
They're making they're making their
James Bond game. Oh my god. Or wait, are
they doing Golden Eye? Are they Golden
Eye
2025? That's the Bond theme, bro. That's
what I do. You even hear me? Hello. That
chatter's acting like it's like a
revelation that it was James Bond. Like,
you know, I that's what I I knew that.
Who cares? Why are you watching me?
Enjoy your adventure with the This guy
sounds like Lyric at 1.25 speed. Lol.
Finally, a good compliment. That's
actually the nicest thing I've heard
said to me on this website in a year.
I'm not kidding. That's a
Wow. Hierrule Warriors 3. Oh my god, it
is Hyrule Warriors 3. Let's go, dude. I
would have taken the other games in 60
frames. Scripted bit. I mean, it was Koe
Techmo and then I saw Zelda. There's
only like one thing it could have been.
And there was nothing Koe Techmo could
have been doing that I would have given
a [ __ ] about besides Zelda.
That's why I immediately said Hyrule
Warriors 3 cuz it would have been the
only thing I care about. Breath of the
Wild, but only a Zelda. Told you. You
guys You guys thought it was going to be
like you play as Zelda for a second. I
saw some of you. Oh, are all the
characters the ugly like like like
characters? Where are the humans? Are
they all the furry guys? Don't be
racist. Listen, I I see too many people
out there that like sexualize these
guys. Age of imprisonment. Racist bit.
You guys give it a bad name for
everybody. Dude, they're hot. See what I
mean? Was forward to the untold story of
the imprisoning war. Bro, how many
untolds are there? Also, didn't they
kind of actually show most of it in the
game? He did tell the story a couple
times actually. You can enjoy a new
membership benefit exclusively on Switch
2 Gamecube. Yes, dude. I knew it. I knew
it, dude. I saw the I knew they were
going to do that. Nintendo,
bro. They're hitting every button.
Melee. No. Remove this thing. Remove
this. I don't like this. You still can't
turn that off. It's crazy. transcending
history and the one with Link in it.
This is the one that has Link Soul
Caliber 2.
It's crazy how bad the audio is in this
stream. I wonder who's getting fired.
Like all you have to do is line up the
audio track. More titles will be added.
Oh my god. Oh, those are all good games.
And Pokemon is going to be on there.
They're probably going to let you like
bring them to Pokemon
Bank. It can connect wirelessly and also
has Oh my god. It has the Conor button.
It has the Connor button. You're never
going to be able to buy it. Wow. You're
never going to be able to get it
actually. It's only available for Switch
subscriber. You already know. That's You
buy that one on eBay. Delta Rune three
and four. Oh my god. They really
pressing everything to just make
everybody hit every corner of like the
Nintendo fan subculture that has just
been dormant for years. All those guy.
Everybody was quiet. I was quiet on in
the gamer space online and now everybody
won't shut up. Wait, isn't this like it?
I don't get I thought I never understood
this. So like did the game not come out?
Is it four games? Is it one part of a
game? I didn't even know the second part
came out.
You can't do a Randy Pitchford jump
scare like that. That's you know what
deserves for Delta Rude. Now you guys,
that's literally what I felt like
watching like Undertale Delta Rude. Like
I didn't care. Hi, I'm Dennis from
Foraxis Games of Sidmer's Civilization
7. It uses the mouse. Are they going to
keep Luigi in the credits? Off they
went HD. How much did they pay to get in
this? It's frozen. It broke the stream.
This a game so bad it broke their live
stream. Oh my god. It's a malware game.
It broke their stream, too. Malware.
Knock. Open.
Nintendo. Nintendo. And not wait dungeon
the first. Wait, where I want to see the
game? I love that game. Whose stream is
this? Where I want to see my own stream.
I love Nintendo. Oh, YouTube Nintendo
UK. Here we go. We're still working on
the game. We're excited. Thank you,
Nintendo. UK future. I want If this is
bug snacks, I'm rewinding. I want to see
the Gungeon game. I'll wait till the end
at least. So now if they end on
something [ __ ] at least I can rewind
and see Gungeon 2. Star Seeker. Okay.
Ash, I don't. All right. Overwatch
music. No, literally, they got every
game on this system, dude. They got
every single one. How did it not crash
for you? I opened it up on YouTube UK.
You're not going to be able to use the
Switch 2 on a
plane.
Square Enix Final Fantasy
72. I'm so sick of this game. Well, it's
going to be coming out until the end
times, dude. till the the world ends.
They're going to keep re remaking Final
Fantasy 7 until we're all dead. You're
going to get Final Fantasy 7 HD classic
remade HD. Oh my god. 2025. It's this
year. Oh my god. I can't believe it.
You're not going to be playing any of
these games. You'll be too busy running
it down as Hey, dude. Deadlock's going
to be on here too with the mouse. Okay.
Fortnite launch game. Dude, they're
making a sequel to Human Fall Flat
called Human Fall Flat 2. We've seen a
lot of games so far. The next game will
be the last from our publishing and
development partners. Okay, but that's
just their partners. They're going to
end this with Donkey Kong Country
Mexico. Donkey Kong and Diddy Kong go to
Mexico. What is this game? I give you my
blood. Bloodborne. Why do I hear Halo
music? It's Castlevania. Okay. No, it's
not. It's Bloodborne 2. It's literally
bloodboard. What the? I knew it. I They
said blood. Duh. I was right. Y'all are
stupid as [ __ ] Y'all got to start
listening to me, bro. Duh. Does this
mean they're going to like put it on
like the new thing? Wait, Iron Man is in
it? Wait, they have Iron Man and
Bloodborne? Wait, it's a vampire game?
What the hell? You're not playing this?
No, bro. This is my kind of thing, bro.
It's a From Software vampire game. I
love Bloodborne.
Oh, wait. It's the best game. That was
[ __ ] awesome. That was [ __ ]
awesome. He turned into a dinosaur. The
Dusk Bloods. I guess they couldn't get
the rights to the Adams family. It
opened its eye. It's alive. It's what
you mean.
Batman is back. Only on Switch.
Wait, that means those guys are going to
be in Smash Bros. Oh my god. Dinosaur
Man and Smash. They're going to end on a
on a real hitter here, dude. Smash Bros.
Oh my god, it is Smash Bros. No [ __ ]
way, dude. Oh my god. New Kirby guy.
Who? Who this? Oh, it's Smash. It's
Smash, dude. It is Smash. Of course,
they're going to do it, bro. They
They're pressing every button. They
weren't going to press the last one.
Unless it's Kirby Air Ride. It's Smash.
Oh, wait. Maybe it is Kirby Air Ride. Or
he's going the He's going the Mario
Kart. Oh my god. Wait. It's better than
Smash. Wait, it's better than Smash
Bros. Oh my god. He wouldn't sign the
contract. They tried to get him in Mario
Kart. He refused to sign it. He said,
"No, I have my own game. It's M. It's
Saccharai. I knew that." Oh, there the
Bat Chesters. That's a threat to me. To
real ballnowers, that's a threat. But
whatever, I'll take it. That means
there'll be like no Kirby characters
past like Amazing Mirror. And Dana Wadd
D to all those guys that love that guy.
He just doesn't exist. That's not a real
dude. Wait, there's one more. Oh my god.
What is this? Oh my god. No [ __ ] way.
Oh my god. He's back, dude. It's Mario,
dude. It's Odyssey 2, bro. Did you?
Those guys, all those enemies had like
you could put a hat on all of them. Oh,
but you're Donkey Kong. Wait, never
mind. Wait, Donkey Kong has a hat. Oh,
wait. Look at him. Oh my god. Donkey
Kong's alive. This is better than
Odyssey 2. Oh my god, you like Oh my
god, it's the best game. You can like
destroy the world. Wait, this looks so
fun. This is why they hadn't made Donkey
Kong games, dude. This the technology
wasn't there, but finally they can like
make fully destructible worlds. Oh my
god, this is so I I thought they I saw
this little rock guy and I was like,
"Oh, you can put a little hat on him." I
was kind of right almost cuz Donkey Kong
has a hat. Notice how they're not
including Diddy Kong. That's collateral
damage, dude. They're gonna They're
going to try to separate. It's what
they're going to do. And it's got an
awesome name. It's This might be the
best game of all time. Bonanza. Like a
banana. Oh my god. And it's July. What
the [ __ ] Not at launch, bro. I thought
this wasn't going to come out till next
year. Are you kidding me? Thank you,
Rizzler. Dude, the Rizzler advertised
Donkey Kong for one day. He did. One day
after the Rizzler did an ad for Donkey
Kong and they gave him a whole new game.
Wow. It's so cheap. But did they not
announce the I'm not going to lie. I
looked at my phone. I was typing a
tweet. I just looked back up and I saw
people saying price in the chat and I
was like I was like, "Oh, it's so
cheap." I didn't even see what it was
like if they had like It's free. It's
free. The Switch is free. The Switch 2
is free. Wow. Multiplayer. Donkey Kong
is multiplayer. Wait, did he maybe not
cancelled? Did he Kong? That is
clarification. Kirby Airide biggest W. I
agree, bro. Oh, no. This is the the
Adams family game. Adams family game is
multiplayer show dungeon. Oh yeah, I got
to go back. Survival kids, you ruined
the stream. Here's the first look at
Enter the Dungeon. Oh my god. Now
reloaded in a new 3D art style. 3D art.
You can expect some fan favorite
elements to return. We're still working
on the game and we're excited to share
more with you in the future. I can't
wait. Biggest art style downgrade I've
ever seen. I think it looks kind of
cute. You know, what were they going to
do? They couldn't make a sequel really
in like the the old art style. They kind
of already like did that whole thing.
Why not? I just don't know like what you
would have like done. It was already
like I don't know. Maybe I'm wrong. I
like something new. Lowkey the best
direct since Tears of the Kingdom
announcement. Bro, that was better than
anything they've done in like ever. Like
in like a long time. Like they literally
pressed like every button. Like that
that was like that was like well like
above like that might be their best one.
That that might actually be in
contention for their best one. And I'm
not like exaggerate. Like I think that
that is like I cannot think of a better
one than that. Like they were like no
misses. Like they just kind of like like
wow that might have been graduation and
we passed Nintendo's like bad era
already. They already did like the stuff
like Kanye is doing now, like the Wii U
era. Now we're back. It's only up from
here. They were Nazis. I didn't say
that. I compared them. 3D Donkey Kong is
rad, dude. It is, bro. That [ __ ] was da
and you know it.
Remember to subscribe for free.
[Music]
I actually enjoyed DA.