[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
to remind me though because I can't
change it right now since it's before.
Oh no, I went to No.
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Hello. Hi. Uh
oh. Wait. I need to disable Salty until
he's here. Kill him. Kill him.
Hey everybody. For the record. Ignore
the suspicious space uh on the screen.
That's nothing. That's where they're
going to put Amy. Snake. Yeah. No. Let
me put snake man there until Salty
arrives. Mhm.
Honestly, I think I think Derek would be
honored to be snake. Yeah. Yeah.
Snake man.
Where the [ __ ] are you, Snake Man? I had
you in my Where are you,
Snake? Why can't I find you? The one I
used to know.
And you are green
and you are a snake. And I should I
should write uh for musicals.
You should. What's really funny is that
in case you didn't know, the song I was
singing was No, I do. It's from the
Grinch. The other green guy. Yeah. Yeah.
I thought it was just an
Okay, here's here's our co-host until Oh
my god, guys. I'm next to Snakeman. I'm
next to Snake. Next to Snake Man.
I want to be next to Snake Man. I No, I
You can You can both be next to Snake
Man.
Oh, we can share Snake Man. Yay. You're
sharing Snake Man. That means there
isn't any Snake Man for you. It's okay.
I always have Snake Man.
I Snake Man's my roommate, so I I always
have time with Snake Man. Oh [ __ ] They
were roommates. And they were roommates.
Oh [ __ ] Uh, if a new 3D Mario gets
announced, I'll buy everyone here a
Switch 2 for real. For real. That's a
very generous chat or you Yeah, someone
in chat said that. You want to You You
want to put that in writing, chat? Yeah.
You want to put that in [ __ ] writing?
Okay. Okay, he's here. Get Get out of
here, Snake Man. I never liked you. I I
I hate I've always hated you. Snakeman,
bring back Snakeman. No, Derek, leave
the
Okay, hold on. Hold on. Hold the door.
I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
Oh [ __ ] Salty's gone. I guess you can
bring Snake Man back. Okay. Oh, [ __ ]
Yeah. Is Snakeman back? Oh [ __ ] Salty's
back. I got to get Oh, [ __ ] you,
Snakeman. Okay.
Why can't we both be here? Why can't
Snakeman also be here? You You can't
both be here. Y'all I I know y'all's
beef. I I I know we can't have you in
the same room.
I have beef with Snakeman. You have beef
with Snake Man. You have beef with Snake
Man. Yeah. I don't I don't want beef
with Snake Man. Remember he kept
accidentally stepping on his little
snakes and he got really mad.
That's true. I do do that a lot. But he
said it was cool. Uh well, he said that
to you, but then like after you left, he
kind of like cried about it and like was
like I I was really upset when when
Salty did that. This is the biggest
problem I have with people nowadays is
that they don't communicate. I know. I
That's what I told him. I was like,
"Snake man, you should just tell tell
him that." And he said, "But I'm
scared." That's That's what he said. You
know why? Why would he be scared of me?
I don't have his weakness. He He doesn't
know that. He's He's worried about that.
I've told him I've told him about this
several times. I don't have his
weakness. I I didn't beat that that
robot master yet. You I see you see
normal YouTubers they'll give you like
uh thinking like okay let's see what's
going to be in the Nintendo Switch 2
presentation biz and bazaw we talk about
snake man and communication between do
you think that is going to be in this
direct I sure hope he is I I really hope
he is really know snakeman you're back
he's back oh snake man this would be a
great time for you two to hash it out if
you don't mind hashing it out live on
dream. So, Snake Man,
I just realized since Derek's coffee cup
is cut off, it looks like he's hanging
up the phone like that Peppa Pig scene.
It does look like It does look like I'm
hanging up the phone, Snakeman. Uh, I'm
chill with you. I have no beef. I didn't
mean to step on your little guy. I
[ __ ] hate you. I [ __ ] hate you.
Well, I don't I don't hate you,
Snakeman. [ __ ] you. I don't hate you at
all, Snake. Okay. Honestly, Snake Man's
kind of bringing some unneeded
aggression to this call. [ __ ] you, Ryan.
I hate you, too. Holy [ __ ] Talking
about [ __ ] you, Ty. Do you think we
could think we could make Yeah, let's
get him out of here. I I didn't In
today's political climate, I don't think
I need Snake Man coming at me, too. I
didn't expect him to do that. I'm really
sorry, guys. One less person resting on
my head. Yeah. May I May I offer a a
skid mark?
A replacement. friendship ended with
Snake Man. Skid Mark. No, Skid Mark is
my new BFF. Hold on, let me get Skid
Mark here. Oh, also, if you hear if you
hear another person hooting and
hollering, that's uh that's my buddy
Mikey. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, no worries.
Yeah, I think you might hold now. Tell
Mikey a person he doesn't know said hi.
Uh Mikey, a person you don't know says
hi. Tell Mikey Skid Mark says hi. You're
tell
a person I I countdown. No, Snakeman.
Snakeman left because he was being
racially insensitive. I don't I don't
know about racially. Well, he he was
because he was against the human race
against all of us. Yes, this is Hold on.
Let me uh get this. They made a custom
countdown for Nintendo. I guess they
did. Yeah.
There's no options. I was only I was
only saying that because because Snake
Man obviously hates humans. The human
race. Yeah, that's true. I can't believe
Snake Man hates the one race.
The one race. The one race.
You know, cuz people say there's one
race, the human race.
Oh. Oh, I was I just thought that you
were ruling out aliens.
Well, we know there there's an alien in
Mega Man 2
and it's totally real. Well, actually,
no, it's not. Oh, I mean, yes, it is. No
spoilers. Um, all right. Hey, chat. Mega
Man 2 spoilers. Mega Man 2 spoilers.
Lock in. Lock in. That's the two in
Nintendo. Oh, holy [ __ ] Luigi's Mansion
4 is going to be rated M. Yeah. [ __ ]
yeah, dude. It's shapes the game. I want
to eat those. I want I want to eat some,
too. I love playing toys. Eat those. I
want to put them in my mouth and chew on
them like Polly Pocket clothes.
[Music]
I don't see power direct though. That
would be a wild here. The version of the
direct we have on our TV in the hotel
room in Japan is like 1 second behind
the one that you guys have open. Oh,
okay. That's weird. Just just ignore
her. Just we're listening to Mario Kart.
Mario Kart. Hi, Yoshi.
Please have a kid game come out. Please,
please. I was thinking that too. Like
the sky made me think of that. Hi,
Mario. Oh, you're so tiny and silly.
God, his new model looks so It's so
good. Hi, Pauline.
Okay, wait. Yay. Yay. I knew that. Yay.
Yay. Oh, I love the way Bowser looks so
much.
I really like how they
her eyes are so I like the way that the
drifting looks. Yeah.
Oh, wait. New vehicle types. Oh, Donkey
Kong stage. Holy [ __ ]
Yo, that sick.
Yeah. Oo. God, this looks really good.
Yeah, this looks This looks fire. Yo, my
son. Wait, Bowser Junior is a little bit
different. My son. Oh, you look
different, too.
Sorry. [ __ ] nail grinding. Wa. Holy
[ __ ] What's the cow from Google
Meadows?
Holy [ __ ] I'm maning the cow from
Meadows. Holy [ __ ] What the [ __ ]
That's Oh my god. Burger. Oh, you can
eat a sandwich.
Oh, my god. Peach and costume. Yeah. She
looks so
good. So will be pink.
Oh. Oh, it's so [ __ ] I'm trying to
see if the is kamic an item. Maybe Kamik
might be an item. Wait, is that
Minecraft?
Wait, this is the first time in a really
long time that they've had like a
non-numbered entry. Yeah. Yeah. Unless
you count.
It's a mainland. Yeah. First mainland in
a long time.
I'm Takuhiro Dota, the director for
Nintendo. Okay, so that looks sick.
That's sick. Is Is volume good by the
way?
I can adjust if I need I can hear it,
but I can also adjust it through the
power of Discord. Launching exclusively.
I I tried I looked for it. What do you
think Mario will be like? Also, we it it
shouldn't not be said that music
slapped. It's so good. Incredible. A
brand new costumes. Oh, hey. Holy [ __ ]
Welcome to this vast world.
Oh my god. There's an open world racer.
Holy [ __ ] Wait, why did that look why
did that why did that [ __ ] That was
That was
DS. The atmosphere.
Is it open? I don't know. Sorry, I'm
talking through it. I'm just so The
crab. The [ __ ] crab. Holy crap. It's
a penguin. You can go off the racetrack
and drive virtually everywhere in this
world. Everywhere. What? Wa. That's
crazy. In the classic Grand Prix, race
through four courses in a bid for first
place. Far away Oasis. Oh, this is
so all the courses are connected on the
same map.
I was right. Was that the little flipper
penguin from Sunshine that they were
playing? Competition is gearing up. Oh
my god, I saw Dolphino Plaza Guy. Defina
Pler guy. Yeah, I thought
he pa
non-stop from one corner of the world to
This is insane. I did not expect them to
put in a little bunch of little guys as
characters. There are multiple
checkpoints. I love how bouncy the cars
are.
Stretches eliminated.
Oh, and you're eliminated for it all the
way to the finish line. Oh, she's so
cute. What? Oh my gosh. I already made
the joke for the
field drive around this vast world in
free roam. This is so coach factory
going to be just integrated into this uh
Oh my god, there's wherever your heart
takes you. Wait, this is sick as [ __ ]
What the hell? Yeah. Go for scenic
drives with friends and even take Wait,
this is the first time I've been this
excited for a new Mario Kart. Holy [ __ ]
Yeah. Yeah, that's what I pointed out
earlier. It's crazy. Oh [ __ ] the the
one
stage. Oh, it go my my friend is going
to go [ __ ] crazy at that. Mario Kart.
I'm just I'm just trying to find out if
is is Toad Factory going to be
integrated into the open world. Holy
[ __ ] The same day Nintendo Switch comes
out. Holy Nintendo Switch is coming out
April 17th. Yeah. Wait, what? Look out
for more information. Oh no. This is a
direct launch. This is a direct. This is
a
direct world launches on the same day as
Nintendo Switch. Didn't Mario Kart 8
also like super close to when the
Switch? I think it was. Oh my god. I
need to save money. Oh yeah. No, it
wasn't. No, it was a deluxe. Yeah,
deluxe. I thought it would be like later
this year. Features of Nintendo Switch.
No, this is going to be their killer app
when they really Oh my god. These are
the Joy-Con 2 controllers. It's in less
than a month.
Holy [ __ ] And on the right Joycon,
we've added a new C button. Wait, tell
us what the C button does. Let's take
this new experiences it offers.
Okay, finally C sticks back. It's the
come button. Come button.
What does it do?
I'm guessing it's alone. Alone. Alone.
Alone. I didn't know that they were
advertising this directly to me. I'm so
alone.
Together. Together. Together. That was
you. Discord. Is that [ __ ] Discord?
What the [ __ ] Or is it just made to
look like Discord?
Nick, I'm coming. I think I think it's C
for call. Is that what the C stands for?
Introducing Game. Finally. [ __ ]
finally.
Hey, what's up? Can you hear me? God
damn it.
It's God. They're going to be [ __ ]
profile. So, it's going to literally
just look like a Zoom call. That's so
funny. So
fun. It's going to be
like Mario's little icon bouncing around
as he's
going up.
So, this is kind of cool, but I feel
like Discord is kind of old news. No.
Yeah, I I'm not going to use it. I don't
know if we need a dedicated button.
I think they're announcing voice
commands.
Okay, then I guess having a button that
makes sense. You can use this feature in
handheld mode. I think the sound is a
little bit delayed for some reason.
Friends and family. Looks like it. Yeah.
If you open the chat menu,
the the native screen sharing goes
crazy, though. Yeah, native screen
sharing is pretty sick. Yeah, that's
bad. The UI looking just like Discord
Zoom is a bit distracting, but I get it.
Oh, those frame rates.
I mean, understandable.
Will the Nintendo servers be able to
handle this?
find out. I mean, they're going to have
to.
You can chat to your heart's content,
even while playing different games.
Thank god I can see somebody playing
balloon fight. Yeah. Yeah. I needed I
needed a Subway Surfer ass right here. I
fell. I'm falling. I'm falling. I'm
falling. Oh, yeah. We got it. We're
safe. I don't know why the audio is
like, "Okay, we got it here." We got E3
gamer speak. Yeah. I I just love when
they have to act like they're they're
really invested in their game. I'm
sending my Ochi to the other side of the
world. Koopa on your right.
Throwing green shell throwing green
shell
under the bridge. Oh no. Oh no. That
wall that's to your left. Blue coming
in. Blue coming in. It's just like the
wall. Like if she gets past the wall,
you flink from the left wall. Okay. But
Mario Kart World looks [ __ ] It looks
so good. Yeah, Mario Kart World looks
good. I'm excited that this is native.
Like, like the fact that this is
actually on the Switch itself and like
you can play and see other people's
screens on the Switch. That's so Yeah.
Now I don't have to make my
computer the frame rate's Yeah, the
frame rate's really bad on the other.
Yeah, Mikey was just commenting on how
low the frame. It's so Look at that. I
mean, Mario Odyssey gameplay. I got a
call right now.
at once. Kind of understandable, but
here you can quickly and easily mute
yourself and more. And there's this
finally an option for when I need to do
a sacrifice or something. This camera to
the system.
Hey. Oh, thank God. Thank God. It just
made Nintendo Zoom. Yeah.
Hi. Hello everybody. My name is
Markiplier. You can appear on screen and
video chat while playing the game. on
here. I mean, it's so cool that zero of
my friends are going to buy this. Yeah.
I Yeah. No, no one is going to switch
too connect functionality or what?
I'm glad they have this. Use your camera
feed like this. The little head is
really funny. Hold on. This shit's kind
of funny. What the [ __ ] Oh, okay.
That's I like I like that. That's funny.
Hold on. Wait. This is actually kind of
fun.
Okay, we can have fun now. Imagine
imagine being the one person playing
Mario Party with a camera and nobody
else has one so your face is just on or
compete in online multiplayer games.
Imagine like you're doing it and like
you're like up and your face like all
sweaty. You're just like, "All right,
guys. Let's play the gamero." showing up
to the call covered in I hope you're
getting like free v one competition
between I hope this is how they feel
next unfriended all together dude [ __ ]
it unfriended Switch edition game
unfriended but they're playing Mario
Party during hands up who's doing it in
developing doing back goal was for you
to enjoy playing online with others more
closely on the bottom left Snake can you
please can you please okay thank you I'm
sorry guys that was on Man, it's weird
that he came back.
I don't know. I need I need to have a
talk with him after. He's acting really.
I think he secretly kind of like wants
to be friends with us, but like, you
know, I feel like he's kind of laughing
off. Snake, that [ __ ] doesn't work in
real life. Talk to us like human beings.
You got to communicate with us, Snake.
It's not grade school anymore. Be
available without a membership for a
limited time. We hope
Additionally, Game Chat supports the
Nintendo Switch parental controls app.
Okay, thank God. I was worried about
that. Whether parental permission is
always required when a child wants to
use
Game of Bowser and Bowser
Jun. Usually I'm not into like that kind
of parental control, but in this case
I'm really
power controller to a friend and play
together. But on Nintendo Switch, right,
we should play locally on multiple
systems using just one game
with DS
downloaded if one
person was right. You can temporarily
share compatible games with others who
also have Nintendo Switch 2 or a
Nintendo Switch system. I love using a
card game because one of my most
formative memories with the original DS
is being in elementary school and
playing that Luigi poker game with a
bunch of classmates. Wait, did you guys
hear that? Game also support only
compatible games. This feature is
planned for several titles starting with
a free out worldwide classics. Yeah, the
created one is also pretty cool that
they also have 51 games. So, we hope
you'll look forward to it. Up next, that
game's great. Super underrated. Magnets,
we love to show you the Nintendo Switch.
The delayed audio made that really
funny. Yeah, I don't know why it's so
delayed.
Maybe Nintendo. Show us HD rumble. Same
thickness. Same thickness. Thank god.
this water game play. Here's how that
compares to the Switch. The system.
That's a good thing the thickness is the
same cuz that means you can you can
probably use both dock ports. Yeah.
Yeah. Double the pixels compared to the
Switch. Can I fit that in my pocket like
I could switch detail on the 1080p
screen. You can fit the Switch One in
your pocket. What kind of pockets you
have, boy? Yeah. I I own a pair of guns
and I can only fit a Switch Light to 120
frames. I'm a man. I'm a somewhat meager
Nintendo Switch. [ __ ] man. I think I've
fed a Switch in my pocket before.
The LCD screen. I mean, usually it's
without the JoyCons and supports HDR.
Okay. More contrast between I can stick
it in there, but it's in your pocket. Or
are you just happy to see me?
I I think I think Ryan's just happy.
Controllers connect. I'm always happy to
see you. That's good. It would be really
weird. Are there cars visible on the
mini map? Detach your controller easily
by pressing the release button on
there's a release button.
They addressed all of the stupid
complaints. Yeah, the stupid [ __ ]
Oh my god. Thank
you. Joy.
The left and right sticks are now
larger. Hey boys, now no longer drift.
Finally, my stepdad might be able to use
controller. Finally, you can control
like you would control a mouse. He's a
big guy, so they
don't
sound a
by adjusting the audio balance between
the ranges. Sounds from the built-in
speakers are clearer and more natural in
handheld tabletop modes. Oh, you could
you could adjust your your bass and
treble and [ __ ] That's pretty cool.
Wait, is the mini map for Mario Kart 4?
camera.
It might be that that's really radology
to filter. I mean, I guess if you can,
you may as well. Mhm. I know that we're
talking about like the hardware specs of
the Switch, too, but I'm just looking at
this sound system. Oh, [ __ ] yeah.
Dimensional sound as if it were coming
from all around you. I can hear Mario.
Where's HD Rumble, too?
Give me HD Rumble 2, please. They wait
did they say how long this was going to
be? A 1 hour [ __ ] Oh,
really? To however you like with a large
sturdy steak. I mean, if if if you're
not able to stay for the whole day,
that's all right, Ryan. It's just it's
nice to have you here. Well, while you
here. Yeah, I would
just port found on the bottom of the
system. There's one as well. Yay. Oh,
it's not in the center. We can't USBC
camera. It is nice to have one in the
top or charging in tabletop mode.
God, that's a way better [ __ ] Thank
[ __ ] Christ. That is so much better.
Nintendo Switch 2 comes with 256 GB of
internal storage, eight times that of
Nintendo Switch. I like how they're
pretending that you can
of storage capacity. Reading and writing
data. I don't I don't think that's what
the game's called, Jody, but nice try.
Stronger, too. Connect to your TV and
enable up to 4K resolution. I like how I
like the rounded look. That's fun. Oh,
thank God.
Oh, god damn. It's a
Holy [ __ ] That was a requirement for
me. But holy [ __ ] that's true. The
Nintendo Switch. I just I just say that
cuz a lot of people asking for it, but I
also
Oh my god.
Yo, that's actually sick. There's a
[ __ ] cooling system. Holy [ __ ] On
Nintendo Switch. You've been playing.
Yeah. Taking in the smell particles from
Nintendo Switch games, physical and
games. Switch games are not going to be
compatible is my question. I don't know.
It's a good question. I think the mini
map only exists on the free roam.
So I I mean it looked like Shroom Ridge
was kind of being integrated into the
free roam. It looked like it. Yeah.
Yeah. Like some Retro Forces being
integrated into an
over they end up pulling that off.
Although it does system from the ground
up and packed in DLC will probably be
like separate islands that you can
players better
understand. We're currently developing.
It's just like Need for Speed Carbon.
Mr. Kawamoto, I'll I'll take your word
for it. Mr.
is really small.
Yeah. Oh, wait. He's inside of the
Nintendo Switch. Welcome tour.
Nintendo Switch. I can't believe they
stole Stanley Parable 2's idea. I'm
standing over here. They're just doing
Wreckit Ralph. Okay, everyone, join me
inside. Wait a second. Is this Meverse
2? I hope so. There are a lot of
questions. That would be so fun. Let's
examine. Oh, and what if they use the HD
rumble so you can feel where they are on
the controller?
Oh, that'd be so cute. Oh, wait. I think
I think this is just like an interactive
manual.
I mean, that's also pretty cool that
it's interactive. They got to have a Wii
Sport and SR on the Joy-Con 2 are made
of metal. I think that's a little bit of
an
exaggeration system. I mean, Wii Sports
is more than a manual magnetic circuit
is like a full gave you. Yeah. Well, I
mean, what I'm saying is that I doubt
it's going to be more than just a signs
like these. You can discover all sorts
of secrets about Nintendo Switch 2.
Another example, I could be wrong.
Controllers have mouse
control when combined with the mouse
aiming. Something like this.
You can adjust the position of the golf
club and the cupc.
Holy [ __ ] By combining the mouse
controls and gyroscopes, things like
this are possible.
There are secrets even as you're playing
mini games.
So, one, two, switch. But this time,
some of the secrets range from the
unique features of the system to tiny
details you might not notice.
There are plenty. Thank god they have to
uh
monkey. So, please check it out if
you're interested. Oh, it is a page
game. Wait to share some more
information. Hopefully. Well, I mean,
maybe it isn't full price. Hopefully
not. I don't know. We'll see. No one's
buying that [ __ ] I'm sorry, Nintendo.
Yeah, no one's buying it. What the [ __ ]
That's got to be fair. Nobody's going to
buy it, dude. Unless it's like two and
it has much faster data reading speeds.
Oo, I love data reading speeds. Is
additional storage.
Do you think Mikey asked, "Do you think
it tastes worse?" Yeah, they put like
extra acid on it. You think Do you think
people are going to have the Switch 2
taste parties like they did with with
the Switch?
Mikey just dropped some lore about
himself. Every Nintendo Switch game ever
bought transfer data from Switch will
probably be
your
gross cartridge once and that was
because I did a thing where I said, "All
right, I'm going to play Professor
Leight and if I get a I'll go wrong. I'm
going to lick the Switch cartridge. has
a C button which launches game. On the
back there are new GR buttons which you
can use to Okay, wait. We have
GL button. I couldn't bring myself to
lick it. Audio
jack
website you're also be ask the
developer. I'm using the audio jack
where the three of us will talk about
the development. No. What did you say
before? We hope you'll check. The audio
jack is really cool. No, I don't think I
don't think that's what you said.
Actually, you you said you said
something. I mentioned how cool the
audio jack is.
Hey, Ty, there's stuff on the screen
right now. You should probably Okay.
Yeah, sorry. I'm living in the past
here. We're very much looking forward to
the day when you all get to experience
it. So, please wait just a bit longer.
Wait
now. Okay. So, if the new new Mario Kart
isn't Nintendo Switch title, but it's
coming out pretty soon. Dang. The first
title. I thought they said it was
launching alongside Nintendo Switch. Oh,
wait. Maybe I haven't take advantage of
the performance and switch. The uh the
Mario Kart Direct is coming out.
Compatible games that were released on
Nintendo Switch. Oh, wait. The new Mario
Nintendo Switch 2 edition games are the
third type. Oh, so they're doing like a
released on Switch will receive upgraded
versions that offer Yeah, they're just
giving it a unique way to play on
diabet.
They're diabolical for this.
Yeah, this is I didn't realize this is
what they meant. This is evil. Super
Mario Party Jamberee is getting They're
just not even being secret about
re-releasing stuff on this.
It works. So I mean re-releasing
Nintendo Wii U games on the Switch works
so well. Yeah.
Well, my thing is that this is going to
be [ __ ] up because now I'm going to
see thing is like I'm going to want to
get Mario Kart on the day of obviously
but then there's going to be like an
upgraded version on the Switch too. So
on Switch, they'll probably have the
upgraded version launch on the scene at
the same time as the Switch. Camera
stuff in the upgraded version. I think I
think Mario Kart is just for the Switch
2. I don't think this is the Switch. Why
would they release it in April when the
Noon the Direct is in the direct is in
April.
I'm a
dumbass online. I'm an idiot. Oh my god.
You're okay.
Okay, we're
sorry. Accidentally dox myself and do a
face reveal with the the Nintendo Switch
camera.
That's really fun. Oh, wait. Oh, I love
this.
It's literally
connected carnival coaster. Yo, I like
how we get Sonic Free Riders Deluxe.
Holy [ __ ] New dance
set down enemies while you feel the
bumps and rumbles of the coaster. Oh, I
love the Buzz Light. The bumps and
rumbles. That's cool. Deactivate that
immediately. That sounds like murder on
my wrist.
Two players each control an arm and one
where you shake a
canvas. Finally, we can counterfeit ba
bombs covering my dog in spray paint.
I'm bored.
I am very excited about this mouse
functionality. It seems really fun.
Yeah. I hope I hope they don't just use
it as just a gimmick. I hope they like
integrate it as a control scheme in like
all games that could use that.
Yeah. I hope they retroactively add this
to Splatoon. Yeah. Yeah. and like
Metroid Prime and [ __ ] like Oh, that
would be great. Yeah. Yeah. I hope I
hope they make a new gal metal where
instead of air
druming controls, you can just smack the
table.
You can you can upgrade it. Purchasing
an upgrade pack. Okay, that's good.
Okay. Okay. That's like the whole
experience. Okay. An upgrade
pack way better. Let's continue Nintendo
Switch. I was like, "Damn, we're going
to have to buy this game again."
Breath of the
Wild Nintendo Switch 2 Edition.
Okay. What do they add though? I assume
it's just feature resolution resolution.
Yeah, just boosted. Yeah. Yeah, I saw
this coming. Makes sense. Which makes
the image more vibrant so you can play.
I'm really happy that they're going back
and they're upgrading Breath of the Wild
as well. It's really cool. I I hope it's
like you can get actual like actual
gameplay features notes. Oh yeah,
finally a notepad. Zelda notes app.
It's a game specific service that's
exclusive to the Switch 2 editions of
these titles. What? For
example, location like shrines and Oh my
gosh. because a lot of people were were
kind of sad that you couldn't have a
separate screen for your map and
inventory and stuff between, you know,
Wii U, Breath of the Wild, and Switch
one. So, they're so they're literally
letting us have the best of both worlds.
I like that. Did you not Did you notice
that the the map had a GPS voice saying
for Link to proceed north? I saw that.
That [ __ ] is so funny. Holy [ __ ]
Finally,
could you have like a stream where you
have like We hope these features will
make your adventures give directions.
Yeah,
man. I can't wait for that one local 58
video and the forgotten. You'll be able
to enjoy an addition. We got to play
more of this. Oh, there's a new Oh,
there's a new campaign in this. Holy
[ __ ] They're
adding Skid Mark is covering it. I got
to move skin after that's okay. I was
actually going to ask you you make him
smaller anyway since it's not accurate
for him to be this big. Oh, you're so
right. He is a normal snailized snail.
Every every game just gets DLC.
Yeah. All of their best games get DLC.
That's great. I love that.
Imagine being the staff members having
to keep this secret. Yeah. I I hope they
like if you own the game on Switch, I
hope they give you like some kind of
discount or something on this. That's
what the upgrade pack is probably. Okay.
Yeah, they Yeah, they meant they they
like upgrade packs
cuz I I'm not buying Metroid Prime on
Switch and then paying an entire like
$60 more or 70. Please let Pokemon
Starland and Violet run better on
Nintendo Switch. I [ __ ] beg. Imagine
if that game ran better. Holy [ __ ] Oh,
here we go.
Pokemon is scheduled to launch. I know.
Just I'm excited will not only receive a
Nintendo Switch, but a Nintendo Switch 2
as well. Snake,
Snake, and Shut the [ __ ] up and leave.
Wait, Snake Man, is there something you
want to say to us? Oh, he left. I think
he left. He left already. He's a [ __ ]
coward. He just wants attention at this
point. Yeah, Ryan, don't humor him. He's
an He's an adult. If he wants to talk to
us, he can [ __ ] talk to us. Yeah,
snake man. Like, cut cut this [ __ ] out.
Just talk like he's not a snake boy.
He's a fully grown snake. He's a snake
man. Simply giving him the space to
grow.
Next. I just don't want to hear him
right now. Like, he's just pissing me
off. Joycon. Yeah. Like, if we've told
him to go away, then he's got to like
respect our boundaries. Yeah, that's an
that's an Okay, so we're 30 minutes into
the direct right now. Okay. Uh-huh. So,
we're halfway through. Uh-huh.
Okay. So, let's see what you can do with
these [ __ ] controllers. Techno.
Wow.
Wait. Oh, cool.
Oh, wait. This is sick. A parolympic
sports game. That's awesome.
That's good for representation. And also
the controls look [ __ ] fun. So
[ __ ] meet a Snake Man. No, no, no.
Jody, it you haven't seen what Snake Man
has been up to. He's been kind of like
pissing us off this whole time. Like
like like we we love Snake Man, but he's
been a real [ __ ] He's he's been
Yeah, he's just been really immature
today. So I I'm sorry to put all this
drama on me. But
I'm I'm I'm super into this. This is
sick. So my thing my thing is that this
game does look really sick. I feel like
this control scheme is going to be a bit
tough, but Oh my god, you're [ __ ]
waving your hand. Yeah, and you can take
your hand off of the You can take your
hands off of the table to like do shots
and [ __ ] That's cool. Okay, wait a
minute. Like, okay, I do think this is
super sick. I still think the controls
are going to be a bit difficult to like
Oh, wait. Never mind. That's cool
enough. This This might go hard. It's
not going to be easy on my wrist, but
I'll give it a shot. I'm just I'm just
saying a kid's uprising port to Nintendo
Switch 2 would look really good if they
announced it right now.
One of my favorite one of your favorite
games of all time.
Yeah, a port. A new game. Uh two new
games.
Yeah, dude. T uprising would go so hard
here. games, a TV show that doesn't get
cancelled before before a satisfactory
ending. Uh, wait. Monster. Is that
[ __ ] Elder? What is this worth?
No, it's it's it's I think it's just the
port. Yeah. Nintendo Switch 2 edition.
It'll run way better.
Man, these Skyrim re-releases are really
getting out of hand. Ganondorf is just
straight up Elden Ring. Wow. Um Yeah.
Okay. I mean, it's cool. It's cool to
have it on a on a portable console if
you don't have a Steam Deck. If it runs
well. That's true. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I
mean, it has to run well because like
you're really focusing on how well this
[ __ ] runs. Exactly. Yeah. Which which
makes sense since that was a major
complaint about the Switch. Unless
Edition is just a warning from Super
Giant. To say that Hades 2 is coming to
Nintendo Switch
sequel introduces the princess of the
dead. It better be witch out to vanquish
the sinister titan of times.
I played Hades one on the Switch one, so
that's kind of nostalgic for
me. That
reacts to control.
I I got to say uh they have a pretty
[ __ ] stacked lineup of games so far
later this year. Pretty good lineup
games.
Capcom. Capcom.
Capcom. Chance to bring it home. Oh, no.
I mean, this makes sense. Oh, I guess
that makes sense.
They wouldn't announce a new Mega Man
like this where like people would notice
it. They they'd announce it online. They
gave a lot of blog post. Oh yeah,
[Music]
they're still releasing new ammo. I
didn't expect that. Well, you know,
there's they're fun little collectible
figures.
Oh, hell yeah. Mega Man. Oh, it's Mega
Man. Yeah, there he is. There's Mega
Man. There's Mega Man. We found him.
Mega Man.
What? After two long wars where our
freedom Ryan, it's Mega Man. That's
that's Mega Man himself. Yo, he has the
saber. New equip and money. I'm for
sale. Oh, Mega Man Arsenal. That's a
really cool [ __ ]
It's kind of like that cancelled Mega
Man X game where he looked like hyper
realistic.
I just saw Snakeman. You saw Snake?
Yeah, he was in the background of the
shot. Wow. So they're bringing back like
old robot masters. That's pretty cool.
I I just don't want to like think about
snakesman right now.
Gutsman again. He's been grown up. Yeah.
Yeah. My boy Gutsman got
Let's give Gutsman some some time in the
spotlight, honestly. Hey, this is Joseph
from Hazite.
Super excited for Oscars. Oh yeah, the
game right now. It is. Yeah, you play as
Mio who writes sci-fi and he said at the
game awards, [ __ ] the trapped in their
own stories and it's up to you and a
friend to help them break free.
Honestly,
as much as the game awards suck, I do
still kind of prefer them over the
Oscars.
I mean, not really a high bar.
True.
At EA Sports, get it off the screen
together.
Well, I guess. Holy [ __ ] They're
appealing to everybody. They're
appealing to everybody, including people
who just play sports games and nothing
else. They're appealing to everybody,
including Scott the Was. I feel like
they should at this point they should
just make a separate console that just
streams the latest sports.
Two [ __ ] in a row. Enhanced graphics
and seamless world.
You'll be
immersed before. Oh, I forgot they have
magic. I thought they just like had a
glitch on you even more. Experience the
adventure like the food just flying in
the air. Discover the enhanced magic
when Hogwarts Legacy launches on the
screen. God, this looks like ass.
Okay,
that's more like it. more epic. I'm
talking about
me when the Nintendo Switch 2 comes out
and I have to purchase Tony Hawk's Pros
Skater 3+ 4. Yeah,
transphobia we
Sorry, I made a very obtuse reference to
the race tweet about uh Tony Hawk and I
don't think anybody got it. I I didn't.
Sorry. I'm sorry. I do now. I'm not a
Tony Hawker. No, pirate skating. What
the spiky bottom
Spongebob? I just thought they were
going to like halfway through the direct
they were going to start doing YouTube.
That would have been funny.
The brand new rock for like two seconds.
Okay, it's a good one to have this
on. Yeah, we're getting we're getting a
really good egg mode out, but I do need
to see some new games hopefully before
my meeting cuz I want to be hyped for
it. Oh, yeah. Yeah, we need like maybe
one or two new game announcements. I
would very much appreciate it. I imagine
they'll end with something. Yeah, that's
that's the problem. It's going to be an
hour. Maybe they're purposefully leading
with with all with re-releases so that
so that way anyone who slept in won't
miss the new stuff. Yeah. Yeah, that'd
be funny. Oh, golden eye. Golden Eye.
Oh, wait. Hold on. James Bond. Golden
Eye. Golden Eye. Golden Eye. What if
they just did a [ __ ] like Nightfire
remake? Yeah. Golden Knight. Okay.
Nightfire. Angel Kazoui. Banjo Kazoui.
Kazoo. I don't know who that is. Switch
to Banjo Kazouie. Banjo Kazoui. No. IOI
dev. He was like, "Hold on." Never
fades. Whoa. What is this frame rate?
Yeah. What? Bravely Default returns.
Remastered in Bravely Default. Wait a
second. Does Does this mean the 3DS
games 3DS games could be remastered for
Nintendo Switch? Does that mean Does
that mean Kiticus
Kid? Literally, I'd be I'd be so beyond
happy.
Like, please. I'm like crossing all of
my appendages.
Definitely easier off my wrists and then
I would finally be able to access
it would be um one thing that's really
great about it is that means that they
would be bringing back the uh uh online.
Oh, wait.
Hey, that's fun.
Wait, director's
cut. Some newly added cut scenes. He's
so mean to these people.
Wait, the same day. Okay.
Damn. We'll have more games to show from
our publishing and development partners,
but for now, we'd like to show a game
being developed in collaboration with
Nintendo. Please take a look at
collaboration. In collaboration. You are
Nintendo. What are you talking about?
Techmo.
Oh, it's a it's a it's a Hyrule Warriors
first. Here's the kingdom. I'm guessing
joined hands with the Hilians who
dwelled on the
union led to a great and prosperous
stones.
Man, I can't think of [ __ ] Hyrule
Warriors without this one post on Tumblr
from forever ago where someone was like
Zelda's design is actually great. See,
her boobs aren't out. They're protected
by her boob plates.
They're protected. Yeah, imprisoning
water. Stupid truly have traveled back
in time. Wait, is this is this a Zelda's
the main character of this one? [ __ ]
What? Doesn't even look like warriors.
Wait a minute. Is this not
Is this not Hyrule Warriors? Oh, it's a
prequel. Really is the past. It's a
prequel to Oh, no. It is. It is. Oh,
there we go. This is so cool, though.
You get to play as that guy. play as
Robert. Yeah, you can play as that guy.
It is kind of kind of fun and the
character that gives me mixed feelings.
I never played um any of the Hyrule
Warriors games, but I don't know. I like
enough. It is It is cool that we'll that
we'll get to see more of Zelda's
adventures with these guys. Yeah. Yeah,
that's pretty cool.
But that's two Zelda games in a row
where Zelda's I guess you're allowed to
live Warriors one more time. Yeah, I I I
still need to play like the first Hyrule
Warriors. That was Hyrule Warriors Age
of Don't think I have to, but I want to
I want to I want to play as all the cool
characters. I'm not a fan of uh I'm not
a big fan of the Warriors games. I just
couldn't get into them. We hope you're
looking forward to the I have not tried
them. So I I do not I never played them
or any Dynasty Warrior games, so I don't
know if this if the style of gameplay
would appeal to me, but I do know that
the designs don't appeal to me. I do not
like how any of the characters look in
Hyrule Warriors. You can continue to
enjoy Nintendo Switch
online. She's cute, but she doesn't
exist in any other. If she did, she
would immediately be cuter. You can
enjoy a new membership benefit
exclusively on Switch games.
GameCube games. GameCube games.
Nintendo Switch online. If they're real,
they're going to put Kirby Airide on a
new classic game
library to Nintendo Switch. Please don't
make this like another tier. Originally
released
in Mikey's right. They're going to make
a new GameCube
controller that looks
Oh, OG Wind Waker. Okay. [ __ ] yeah.
Isn't that a bad idea? Won't that
discourage people from buying the
remake only for Wii? Maybe they're not
bringing a Wind. Oh,
well. Wait, that's awesome. Link, right?
It's the one with the link. Link's going
to be in there.
Yeah, he's in the box art. Hey. Yeah,
you can see.
Oh, yeah. I forgot he's in the [ __ ]
um cover. Yeah.
F0 rad.
Yeah, Kirby's definitely making it in
eventually right away.
If they don't show
melee
about the OG
Smasher would be [ __ ] That would be
amazing. But unfortunately, Switch
Online was kind of [ __ ] in that regard.
Yeah, to say that official on higher
resolution, higher resolution than the
original release them to your likers.
[Music]
Holy [ __ ]
Nintendo, this is tight. Exclusive game
library.
Where the [ __ ] is TV robo? It was right
there.
Yeah, no melee, but dedicated controller
designed
after melee wireless.
I just can't believe that they're
actually adding GameCube Pokémon games.
I wonder if they'll have integration
with
Pokemonintend Switch online controller
that I'll actually buy. Whether you're
familiar with the games or haven't
played them before,
we hope you're looking forward to
Nintendo Gamecube, Nintendo classics,
of course. Continue to play games for
I have a meeting in 15 minutes. I I I
don't I want to
games. I'm not leaving. You got to be
responsible. It's okay. I'm not leaving
yet. I'm not leaving yet. Wait. Oh. Oh.
Hello. Hello. Hello. Help me.
Oh my [ __ ] god.
What?
What? Are you kidding me? Are the Are
the Delter
tomorrow people actually
What the [ __ ] Toby? You can't be doing
this. in the in the switch track.
Oh, Toby, you fun little guy. He's going
to put in some footage we haven't seen.
Wait, he's got to put in a 3D tutorial
or else I'll be upset. 3D tutorial. That
was new footage. This is new footage.
New footage.
Chapter 3 is going to go funny, man. God
damn. Oh,
when does it come out? When does it come
out? Toby. Toby. Launch day.
Holy [ __ ] Oh my god. I'm gonna scream.
Oh my god. Randy board. Get the [ __ ] out
of here, you creep. I hate you. Delter.
There's a there's an ugly [ __ ]
behind you.
A lot.
How How is it that they showed us the
realest [ __ ] and then
immediately followed it up with the most
fun person on the [ __ ] planet? I hate
you, Randy Pitchford.
Yeah, this is uh
I genuinely was not expecting Delta Rude
news during this. Me neither. That was
insane. Holy [ __ ] You'll establish an
empire. Oh my god. Does Toby just like
just like have friends at Nintendo or
something that he keeps making?
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. How much you want to
bet that Delta Run today is going to
start trending on Twitter. Experience
mouse
control tomorrow for months.
And we have even more news from 2K.
Thanks 2K. I'm Lionel J. I don't give a
[ __ ] Our final dude, it's Lionel and
Ben 2K. It's coming to everyone's
favorite.
We can't wait to see you in the ring.
Can we have Can we Can we have Toby
back? It's okay if if it's just a still
screenshot. Four kids fight this old
tat.
Off they went, armed with nothing but
willful enthusiast and a profound lack
of preparation. Boom. Terrible. The [ __ ]
are they?
Oh
my freeze. Yeah, it froze. It froze on
our screen, too. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no.
They [ __ ] it up. Oh my gosh. At least
it's this game. Oh, it's so This must be
so embarrassing for them. Oh no. I'm I'm
going to refresh just in case. Yeah. No,
it's it's just like this. It's just
frozen on the stream. I think that's
everything. At least it's on this game.
Is it just for this trailer? Is it for
the whole direct?
Hi, I'm Dave Krooks from Dodge Roll. Oh
no, it's the whole direct. Oh no, it's
just frozen on
every name for the dungeon's depths in
our rogike shooter sequel. Shout out to
these horror people here.
You can expect some fan favorite
elements to return. They're they're
trying to build that bridge. It'll never
be built. Share more with I think this
is probably going to be trending, too.
Yeah,
guys, this bridge goes crazy.
I love hearing music and not knowing.
This is an error. I I think I genuinely
think that they're just really excited
to show us this. There we go. Did anyone
hear me? Oh. Oh, we're back. We're back.
We're back. We're back. Okay, we're
back. They were like, they were like,
they've seen the bridges. We can hear
you, Ryan.
Okay,
what happened? The direct pros, the
official stream pros. Yeah, it wasn't on
our end. It was on It was on everyone's
screens. Oh no. Oh no. Is it desync?
They're [ __ ] it up. It's completely
desync originally. Oh my god. Oh my god.
This is bad. Oh my god. This must be the
worst day of my name from We are
delighted of the whole screen.
Bridge game. Bridge game 77 is an open
world action adventure. Oh, I love
bridge game. Poor kids stranded.
Nintendo Switch 2. You can
transport city of dreams. Everyone tweet
out four kids stranded. Ready to meet
unforgettable characters and discover
engaging stories in Cyberpunk 2077
Ultimate.
Okay. Cyberpunk, I guess. I don't know
about the Cyberpunk re-release. I think
I think they went down a little too far.
Wait.
Yeah. Okay. I I had to double check
again. For everybody. It's for
everybody.
What happened?
This is funny.
Somebody everybody's tweeting about
other on the stream got [ __ ] up.
Oh boy. Enter the dungeon too. That's
cool.
Oh, I
probably Okay, this is Oh, Final Fantasy
was there. Wait, this looks like it's
fitting. Yeah, we're back.
Wait, this looks like a pisle. Are we
back? This is a real Okay, we have 10
minutes left. Oh my god. Silk song. Holy
[ __ ] You can't just drop it like that.
What the [ __ ]
Holy [ __ ] Baby [ __ ] back. Baby, do
they just fix it? Yeah, they fixed it.
Yeah, they fixed it. Okay. I Yeah, that
is a minute. This is how Silk Song.
Imagine if the desync was so bad that we
didn't even see Silk Song. Like it got
[ __ ] up and it just skipped it.
Oh god, that would have been so funny.
Oh, hey, new Root Factory. I hope it's
not as as clunky as the last one was.
Wait, usually when they do this, that
means they're about to do like a one
more thing to announce, which is good
for work. Smash one more thing. I'm
calling Smash Bros. Sorry. Sorry. That
would be pretty sick. No way they're
doing Smash Bros already. They should
make a Columbbo game just specifically
so they could have him be the one to be
like just one more thing at the end of
the god. I noticed you don't have a a
good launch title on your console.
Shadow. I'm excited about this actually.
Oh, okay. So, a lot of a lot the stuff
that was announced at the last direct.
My boy,
this game looks cool. Yeah. What is this
thing? Looks like Little Nightmare.
Fortnite. What the [ __ ] is this game? Is
this I don't know. It looks stupid and
dumb. Ridge.
Hell yeah. Ridgeer. Everybody knows. No,
we're not so late. Luke Gaming. Yeah.
Yeah, they already announced that. Okay.
Gotchi Plaza. I got to say this in
combination with the direct a few days
ago has been kind of [ __ ] peak. I
won't lie. Yeah, it it's wild how like
Wait, why didn't they put Dachi Life 2
in the Sizzle Rio? They didn't put them
either.
The next game will be the last from our
publishing and developing perfect
timing. There's one more thing.
Smash Bros. or Kiticus. Please, please,
please, please, please, please, please.
I hope it has Mario in it.
What? Bro's tired. Is that Mario? It's
Chair Chadwick.
What is Is this a new thing? I don't
know what this is. Is this Fatal Frame
4? Yeah, this is a Fatal Frame game.
There's already a fourth. Okay, there's
already a four. Uh Fatal Frame five.
There's already Fatal Frame. Fatal Frame
6. That's probably it. What the [ __ ] is
that?
Resident, you need to go to Smash Bros.
Guy in Chair. A guy in chair dude him
chair Chad to a night of moonlight
Castlevania Bayonetta Castlevania
Bayonetta
what is I don't know
is this going to be about Jesus a Jesus
game Jesus game by Nintendo
what they're just announcing a crumboft
soft game. Oh, is this is this another
Bloodborne? Is this [ __ ] Wait, hold
on. No, it can't be Bloodborne. There's
like trains and [ __ ]
Well, but what if they just advance the
timeline?
What is that?
Are they going to have Bloodborne 2 in a
[ __ ] Nintendo Direct? That would be a
Nintendo Direct. A Nintendo Switch 2
Direct. Yeah. What is that? This is so
crazy. What? I don't know if this is I
don't know if Bloodborne knows Blood War
2, but I think it's Bloodborne 2. I
don't know.
Holy [ __ ] Jetpacks in this one. Jetpack
John. This is [ __ ] sick. Yeah, this
new jetpack joy ride's taking a lot of
creative liberties. What
these designs are awesome? Wait, it's
near. Oh, this is the near game. Yeah,
that that moon thing. It's near. It's
near.
But it's from soft. Yeah, it's from
soft, bro. What is zombie? Vampire. What
are you? Bloodborne. Bloodborne. Nothing
is from here.
Oh, I mean, we'll see. I don't know.
We'll see. Look at the rack on that
thing.
Oh [ __ ]
Oh [ __ ]
Contemplate now. The moon has beet the
soon to depart. There are guns. I pray
that you are able. There are guns.
Carrier of blood. That Yeah, that looks
like Bloodborne. Is this a Bloodborne?
Is this Bloodborne? Carrier of blood
that you were born with. Maybe Maybe
it's just like T-Rex mode. You can just
reptile, I guess. T-Rex mode.
It potentially could be a new IP. I just
don't really know
what it's like. It's like there's old
stuff and new stuff. Tears will flow and
even a bear.
What? What? And one alone. This guy
looks crazy. The dusk blood. The dusk
blood. Okay, it's not bloodboard 2, but
it's a new from a completely new song.
Wild. That's crazy.
Rat gaming. Rat gaming.
In case we even
rat
bird, that's me. That's so me.
God damn. available only on Nintendo
Switch 2. That's crazy.
From the
PlayStation is a really [ __ ] good
exclusive.
Yeah, that's good. I'm going to get
going cuz I have to go to work. Bye.
Bye, Ryan. We love our publishing and
development partners. Oh no, he's
leaving. The stack is going to shift.
Going to fall down. as well as our
publishing and development partners who
prepared footage for this presentation.
Where are you? Oh,
in addition to what you saw today. Wait,
what are you drowning out? Many games
coming to Nintendo Switch. No, I'm I was
yelling because I fell. Oh, okay. I
thought something bad happened. Yeah, I
was doing an impression to that scene
for Spongebob. Please take a look at
this. Wait, what? Do we have another
thing? Please take a look at this. pulls
out a tiny frog from his jacket.
That's gonna be a shame if this is
something crazy and Ryan just left.
Well, then we'll have modified Ryan
momentby. Wait, what the [ __ ] is this?
Kirby new Kirby. Is this Kirby Air or is
it a Smash thing? Kirby Air Ride. If
it's Kirby Airide 2, people are going to
[ __ ] themselves. Oh my god, it is. Hi,
Kirby. No [ __ ] way. It's Kirby Airide
2. I'm going to [ __ ] scream.
What are you doing, Kirby? What are you
doing,
Kirby? Powering up my There's one more
thing. I feel like it's Smash. I don't
feel like I I It might be a Smash. I
don't think it's Kirby. Well, Ryan also
loves Smash. Nope. Nope. It's Kirby
Airide. It is. It's Kirby Airide. It's
Kirby Airide. Ryan, come back. Well,
either that or he's in Mario Kart.
Oh man. Oh my god. Oh no. It's Kirby
Airide. Wow. Oh my god. Holy [ __ ] Oh my
god. That's actually super [ __ ]
exciting. What the [ __ ]
Wait, is this just a remake?
Is it?
I mean, that's that's all
writers. Holy [ __ ]
Holy [ __ ]
Director, I just realized my music is
still playing. Yes. Holy [ __ ] It's It's
going to be great. It's peak. It's peak.
I mean, I was I was worried if it wasn't
going to hit Sakurai. So, I'm glad that
they that they said that. Ryan did leave
at the worst moment.
Oh, man. The worst possible moment. I
mean, he had a meeting, so he kind of
had to. But yeah, I guess that's true.
If he'd stayed, he would have been late
for the meeting probably. But this is
our last trailer for today.
Last Wait, there's another one. There's
another Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ,
guys. He can't keep doing this. Is this
[ __ ] Is this Banjo Kazouie? Is this
Banjo Kazoui? Is this Banjo Kazoui? Nuts
and bolts reload. That looked like a
Banjo Kazouie. It does look very either
that or it's a new 3D Mario. But it
feels Banjo Kazouie.
Is that you?
This feels Banjo Kazi. It's going to be
a ride too.
This feels Banjo Kazoui. Banjo Kazoui.
It's definitely Banjo Kazoui. Oh my god.
Is this [ __ ] Banjo 3?
Oh, it's a Donkey Kong. Holy [ __ ]
That's Donkey Kong. It's the Donkey
Kong. Hi. What the It's the new design.
Holy [ __ ] It's Peak. It's Peak. It's
Peak. Okay. Wait. It's [ __ ] Peak.
They said they had one more game. They
lied to me. They did it. I need to go to
work. Bye.
Bye. It's Peak. It's going to be called
Donkey Kong Odyssey.
Is this like a new This doesn't look
like Don. Is this like a new Kong or
does he just have pants now? No, this is
the new design for Donkey Kong because
he's also like he doesn't have the
overall stuff. This is sick as [ __ ] Oh
my god.
That sounds weird.
[Music]
I like how they they said like this is
the last trailer like 3 seconds. They're
Yeah, they're janking our chain. They're
[ __ ] with us. They're [ __ ] with us
at this point. 2D segments. Oh my god,
the 2D segment. This is peak as [ __ ] Oh
my god.
Monkey. Monkey. I love him. Do you think
that this might be Donkey Kong Jr. or
something? That That was what I was
thinking like cuz I don't feel like they
would just give DK pants for no reason.
That Okay, that would be pretty cute
though. He's all grown up. Yeah. Yeah. I
I love you. I love you. New Donkey Kong
designs. I love you so much. It's so
good. Oh my god. This is so [ __ ] I
love his stupid little overalls. What?
Oh my god. New Kong designs. Oh my god.
Girl monkey. Girl Kong. There's a girl
monkey. Bonanza. Bananza. Oh my god.
Oh, he doesn't have overalls. He doesn't
have overalls now. He's naked. He's
naked. He's nude. Oh, well, I guess the
game's canled. Donkey
Kong died. He's gone, man. As if
anything else could go wrong on this
direct. Yeah. Now, Donkey Kong. Now,
Donkey Kong's dead.
Okay. So, Donkey Kong just gets overalls
for some reason. I mean, he's pulling it
off. So, that way you don't have to keep
looking at his butt while he looking
forward to it.
Thank you for the people that are into
Donkey Kong like are probably going like
like the people that want Donkey Kong
are probably going crazy right now.
Nintend There's going to be such horny
fan
art. Exactly. As well as a bundle that
includes bundle. Oh, it's like a
separate bundle. Okay.
For more details, please check the
official Nintendo Switch 2 website which
goes live later
today. God, this is covered a lot.
Yeah, I think that this was probably one
of the best Nintendo Directs actually.
Just a bit longer for launch. This
combined with the Nintendo Direct couple
of days ago, are they going to do
Nintendo? I think it was just they're
just talking about the reveal or the
release today. Thank you very much. If
they did another one, I would like
die. God damn, that was wild. Okay, it's
definitely over because they have all
the copyright [ __ ] up. Yeah, unless it's
just the treehouse now. It's the tree
house. But don't they sometimes announce
things during the treehouse? They do
sometimes.
Yeah, that's how that's how during E3
they announced some stuff. Oh, really?
Yeah. Which was not announced during the
treehouse. No, no, I said Sans in Smash.
No, that was that was announced in the
uh Banjo Direct. The the direct where
they announced Banjo. I remember because
I screamed it really loud. Yeah. Oh my
beef. My
That was Okay, it's definitely over. Oh
yeah, it's over. It's over. That was
That was crazy.
Yeah, 100%. I think this combined with
the direct from a few days ago is like
top tier. some of the best Nintendo
Direct [ __ ] We have like I can't I I'm
trying to think of all of the things
that I'm excited about and I can't even
think of them all. Like there is like
Rhythm Heaven,
Tamarachi, [ __ ] Donkey Kong, Mario
Kart, GameCube games, Kirby Ride. Oh my
god. Yeah. So, and Delta I forgot about
Delta Rune. Oh my god. Delta Rune. The
same day as Nintendo Switch dropping.
This is Yeah, I I'm I'm
speechless. And four kids stranded.
And four kids stranded.
Thank God.
Oh my god.
We finally stranded four kids. We
finally stranded four kids.
Finally.
Well, I I suppose that is it then. Yeah.
Yeah, that was very fun. That was fun.
Thank Thank you to everyone that joined.
I can't believe that's how they
announced Silk Song. I know. So funny.
That was inc. That was insane.
Oh, yeah. I'm sure we'll get Splatoon
eventually for for uh Switch 2.
Yeah. I hold out my hope for Kid Icorus,
but yeah, I survive another day. I
believe in you.
I'm just at the very least if we don't
get another or kid Icorus and someone's
going to come along with a with a kid
Icorus spiritual successor. Oh, yeah.
You know, doesn't that already exist? I
thought there was a game that was like
that.
Am I misremembering? It could exist and
I just don't know about it.
Oh, damn. Why? Why do I Oh, never mind.
I had more viewers after the direct was
over for a second.
Well, hello everybody and goodbye
everybody. No. Uh, all right. Let's uh
let's end it. See See y'all. Uh, this is
Nintendo. Oh my god. Snake man. Snake
man. Snake man. This is not the [ __ ]
Get the [ __ ] out of here, dude. Oh my
[ __ ] god.