testing one two testing one two check
mike hello hello hello Nintendo switch 2
direct day ladies and gentlemen nice and
early in the morning literally I mean
it's what 7 and early in the morning
shut up Dylan how we doing everyone how
are we doing um obviously it's only
technically been two days since I've
really seen y'all but uh feels like it's
been a bit you know uh mentally it's
been a bit how are we all doing welcome
I honestly felt like I really this this
direct couldn't come at a better time
because I felt like it was something I
personally needed cuz like I didn't
really get to say kind of goodbye
temporarily permanently whatever it may
be obviously I had my community tab post
that I did for everything um but I
didn't have a chance to like tell people
bye uh if that was the last day for me
full uh fully on the subathon so um how
we doing everyone the direct is an hour
away but I wanted to go live early to
talk about you know everything uh just
chat talk about predictions of the
switch to and everything um so how are
we doing everyone for those who don't
know um March 31st was the the last day
of the subathon basically what happened
or the subathon for me it became a
Vinnie subathon um what basically
happened was uh the morning stream it
was my day uh and I had to take leex to
the ER again we were there from like I
guess like 12 whenever we left I'm not
sure when we left we got home around
like 8:30 so we were there for about
probably about 8 hours um it was a very
very very long day uh and I remember
leaving and I texted Vinnie I was like
hey dude I'm having to take her to the
ER I'll let you know when I'm back and
he was like uh I just he goes he
basically said I just think you know it
needs to be a me thing now and he goes I
want to hear what your thoughts on that
cuz I think he also knew I'd be sad but
I also was going to say the same thing
you know I was going to say like I can't
I can't do this anymore at least for
right now um so we were on the same page
anyway I was just going to be like I
think tomorrow I made it to day 60 the
tattoos everything you should take uh
the rains if I return I return if I
don't I don't you know I at least got to
fill out all of those uh cuz I was going
to have to go uh from the beach trip
anyway so it was only cutting my thing
short 3 days so it it's only taking
cutting Me 3 days short for when I was
going to have to leave to the Beach
anyway but it was the right call I mean
last night uh at 2: a.m. Lex had to wake
me up to she was really dizzy she had to
go to the bathroom so I had to help her
to the bathroom 4:00 a.m. I went to make
her some applesauce and some toast U and
stuff so like having to try to make sure
I do that and she's like I'm so sorry
you're waking you I'm like that's fine
that's totally fine but if I were to
have to go stream here all day today it
would obviously be a lot harder um it
would be a lot harder cuz you know you
need sleep if you're going to stream for
12 plus hours a day um so fingers
crossed for her she had she's been
feeling slightly better with NAA
slightly better so uh hopefully that
gets that's the main thing right now
Brena Brena seems to be fine she's just
psycho so that's that's the good news
Brena seems to be feeling better right
now is the focus on Lex uh I'm really
hoping this beach trip helps her hope
hope she can handle the ride man the car
drive whatever uh thank you Max thank
you for all the the membership of love
thank you uh lyan almost literally like
Dylan or Dylan lyan maybe that's how you
say it fire storm thank you so much blue
doggo for the $1 fam I greatly
appreciate it so um yeah that's
essentially uh what happened uh so on
April 1st yesterday it's officially like
basically day one of the Vinnie subathon
if it is still going in two or so weeks
I could return um we'll figure out a
schedule on that me and Vinnie talked on
the phone he called me when I was at the
hospital uh he wanted to make sure uh
like do this and this and stuff and he
goes and he goes listen if you say in 3
days even you're good to go you can
obviously come right on back and stuff
it was just more like uh I couldn't be
there fully and I wanted to be I really
did and I I got to admit I will be
honest yesterday I was really sad it was
a hard day cuz like I I've been I've had
so much fun these two months you know
I've had so much freaking fun like the
memories made with y'all with Vinnie
it's been it's been incredible so like
to have to like like have Mother Nature
almost say not Mother Nature God the
universe whatever you want to say say
you got to stop kind of sucked but it's
just you know life gets hit life hits
you with you know random curveballs that
you don't expect that's that is part of
life uh so I was you know understanding
for that and just tried to roll with it
uh yesterday me and Lex watched a movie
um I went to the gym a little bit uh
while Lex's sister took care of Brena so
cuz I needed the gy workout for my
mental health like really bad I was
struggling uh Josh thank you so much all
the love man anything you need don't
hesit to ask Jeremy thank you thank you
Chad for the five gifted I will uh be
back eventually um it I would say
probably two weeks is a healthy healthy
Mark red Dad thank you Mr Debbie thank
you so much Kieran thank you so much
Steven so thanks for being you and
helped me through tough battle lost my
job and broke up with my girlfriend
after 6 years really bad at this point
thanks dude I'm sorry to hear that fam I
hope nothing but bright future for you
in the year of 2025 and hopefully we can
have a fun time today in Nintendo uh
switch director it's apparently an hour
long which is freaking awesome by the
way thank God I'm so excited for that
Kieran thank you so much welcome back I
hope the family is doing well Stephen
thank you so much I figured this would
be a good like last stream before um you
know I I I say bye for a couple weeks
you know K said when I heard about your
family I put a message in my church
friends dude thank you so much
appreciate any prayers absolutely I I am
a fully big believer obviously of prayer
and honestly of Miracles not that like
this is like a miracle kind of thing but
like it it to me it would mean it means
a lot for the prayers thank you so much
Kenny I appreciate it much love thank
you so much Stephen said much love to
you and your F Dyan glad to see are here
the F better am I live on
Twitch I am live on Twitch what's up
twitch how we do it I just want to make
sure I have the chat
open Jeremy thank you for the one get to
Grant Orange for DK let's go dude come
on man we have an hour we have a remake
of switch 2 the freaking theme park is
out give me
DK come on I need
it I need it Brian thank you so much uh
let me scroll scroll chass thank you for
the five
gifted uh thank you Nick said hope you
you and lik have a great anniversary
thank you so much
thank you thank you thank
you have uh having you Lex and Brena and
the baby in our prayer yo thank you so
much Brian I appreciate it I got oh oh
this is good news this is good I heard I
felt the baby kick for the first time
last night cuz every time every time I
felt he'd stop every freaking time but I
felt him for the first time it was a
small one but hey that's that that's
that's cool
man so yay Big W well the content will
miss you hope Lex feels better have a
good anniversary dude I mean it just
comes down down to it you know Vinnie's
in a different state of life if I told
him on the phone I was like dude if
things are switched I'll be doing the
same thing I would be like yo I want to
keep going you know obviously like I
don't have a kid we have you know they
have ay uh Kylie can work from home and
stuff like it's just different stag of
life I would have done the exact same
thing I'd have been like yo I also would
like to just keep going you know so I
don't blame him at all for wanting to
just take a to make his own solo
subathon honestly on April 1st like that
that couldn't be more poetic cuz that
was his inter thing too so um and hey if
we come back uh we'll see um I haven't
really brought it up with Lex too much
right now cuz I don't want to stress her
out uh I'm hopeful that I'll be able to
if it keeps going um but if it doesn't
I'll definitely be back with streams uh
that is the regardless thing I might do
my little Friday event thing hell in the
future I might start a streamer Thon
like shady does I've missed streaming I
remember what Shady said about a
streamer Thon on like saying like it's
just the easiest way for a dad to do it
and I was like yeah you're not you're
not wrong so you never know you never
know what the future holds I'm
definitely bringing back Legend game
night actually no joke Gus what I think
I'm going to start doing is on Fridays
um I do my stream and then I do a part
of Legend game night on stream and then
we go to our own Discord that's what I
think I'm going to do no no nothing
confirm there um I'm going to try that
what's up R over on Twitch how you doing
I thought that'd be really fun we also
gained a lot of Legends during the
subathon so I thought that'd be a good
time to do it but obviously that would
be in a couple of weeks um I'm going to
try to drop some member content while
I'm at the beach too like a little
behind the scenes videos a little Vlogs
at the beach and stuff I won't show like
Lex's or uh brennen's face and stuff but
maybe me and Lex you know things things
we're doing whatever playing at the
beach playing balers gate League who
[Music]
knows stream are definitely better for
the streamer parent for sure yeah yeah
exactly
that wouldn't be instantly that would
probably be like later in the year or
something because obviously I don't
think i' do that for a baby with a baby
on the way
but oh yeah let me fix this freaking
nightbot Gus sent me two messages but I
never fixed them all right let me also I
think it's called
Chaz do I have
that
Chaz ah dude what is it called there's a
there's a timer thing for
streams I mean I could honestly just set
a the subathon stream thing on but I
don't want to confuse people like I want
to set us timer on how long until the
direct but I can't remember I thought it
was called
Chaz uh OBS stream
timer download do that thank you for the
dedication and selflessness in the
subathon as well as uh being an amazing
husband and father never changed the way
you are listen thank y'all for the
literally lifechanging support like I I
I the fact that we even went 2
months like is insane I mean obviously
Vinnie got to raise the time right to to
a minute because we're not splitting it
anymore excuse me and it was obviously a
lot harder since we were splitting all
the donations and revenue 50/50 and it
still went for two freaking months
that's that's insane chat that is insane
I did not I did not imagine that would
happen I just genuinely didn't uh so
literally thank y'all thank y'all so
freaking
much oh my God like
that's that's
[Music]
insane what I could maybe be maybe do is
this add window
capture uh Nintendo Direct
[Music]
is that going to work
I don't
know I mean that's kind of a timer
[Music]
right uh direct t thank you Angie so
proud of you never see uh never say ever
say otherwise uh we all love you guys
and we appreciate you everything you've
done and continue to do remember that yo
much love thank you I'm I am happy I get
to go do this stream though today I'm
really I'm really stoked about that so
[Music]
oops there we go that should work kind
of
right 71 months Angie that's absolutely
insane we on a 20 member train this
lovely morning chat we have 50 minutes
so 50 minutes until the direct to thank
you for the BET on Twitch Ry
[Music]
what's up James kill's world how we
doing what are we thinking for the
switch to chat I think I'm going to
place it on my right uh thigh for the
tattoo that's enough time for a League
match Joe uh Joe uh will I uh I played
two games yesterday first time like
fully silver solo queing first game
Warwick most dog water mid the start and
then they dude I went to clear um they
were one shot they were Lux you can tell
me if I'm wrong on this I said you're an
idiot to the person it was a lux mid
against a viar VG's fully healthy kax in
mid they're both full healthy Lux is in
mid uh and they were at probably a
fourth Health maybe a little under half
I am in the top Bush to Mid checking for
Wards like doing my little sweeper
thingy and then the Lux goes in like I'm
going to dive the viar is like under
turret like like right in front of
turret and I'm Warwick and the kax is
right there and then she just runs in
gets caught in his and dies and then
ping question marks on me and said
thanks for baiting me I'm like baiting
you I didn't ping I was going in I was
seeing if the vard was going to push up
I didn't do anything I was just clearing
Wards and I I what how was that my
fault I'll go watch it today dude I was
going to pounce if the if the vigar
pushed up I was going to try to fear him
that way but he was close enough to the
turret I'm pretty sure he had Sommers
swell flash I think I don't know he
might not have flash I don't know but
yeah I didn't ping go in or
anything but our top got destroyed we
and we lost that one and our bot got
destroyed too but then the next game I
played a Mumu dropped 20 assists dropped
a 5kd and we won I coached the whole
game too I said stop here don't push
wait for me come drag they all listened
and we won we were going against like a
4kd Aurora too in the middle so let's
pop in that game I started the game off
with two uh two kills in a gank I ganked
up top got both when I was level three
feeling pretty good about that
one I love you ly I Love You release dat
title Pokemon you like to I'll break my
computer here on
camera sending love and Cuddles thank
you man I hope you're doing good too
miss you miss you miss you miss
you it's been a uh hard time over here
thank you again everyone who's reached
out like
a lot of friends do have reached out as
well so I got to respond to a few of
them I haven't responded to Brooks he
reached out um I think Gus also texts me
there's had a lot of people I just have
not I've not really been on my
phone I me um I do have to get some work
done today but my mom's coming to help
with uh Lex and Brena and stuff so I got
to record a shady a new series yo the
thumbnail is so
good I'll spoil the thumb no can I do
that guess I SPO the thumbnail at 200 on
the train hey I missed sorry missed
anoun something but is the sub over the
Vinnie and Dylan subathon is over the
Vinnie solo subathon where he takes the
rins on everything just started so he
wanted to keep going honestly respect it
I be like I said earlier I'll say it
again I I would do the exact same thing
if I was in a shoes and didn't have kids
and everything uh and only had work I
why wouldn't I keep going you know
absolutely so he's doing it uh and uh
I'll see if I come back in a couple
weeks or not also text me it was really
cute and it was really awesome I yeah
you did but I responded to you as why I
didn't bring you up I actually responded
to
[Music]
you Daddy what Daddy what what's up
Richard how you
doing why you peeping at my
stream oh wow I forgot if I changed this
I'm just on my I'm on my uh homepage I
can't move that right now that was my
timer go back oh no there we go I'll
pull this over here that's so funny it
was perfectly on yours
too that is so funny that was just my uh
subscription
page
bam I gotta get back on the grind on
videos man it starts at 900 a.m. chat
listen the realistically what I it's 60
minutes so I think we will see some kind
of Mario Kart 9 I do I do think we'll
see that obviously I swear I don't think
they do Mario K uh Mario Kart 8 Super
Duper ultimate you know I think Mario
Kart 9 I think uh Mario Odyssey 2 or
another 3D Mario because it's the
longest drought of a 3D Mario we have
ever seen the longest we have ever seen
so I think Mario Kart 9 I think Mario
3D um yeah exactly Luke but I'm just
saying like they're not going to say
that's just Mario Kart 8 what I'm saying
that that is going to be Mario Kart 9
and I hope it's honestly a different
thing um I do not think we'll see
Pokemon I'll say it right now we saw
Pokemon in the switch direct we will not
see it today all right I can firmly say
we will not see it today all right we
are they put it in the switch direct so
what was in the switch direct will not
be here I don't think we'll get anything
I could be wrong I don't think we'll get
anything
today um I don't I don't think we'll
even get megas I don't know it depends
cuz things have been leaked apparently I
haven't seen any but morning Dylan and
morning Chad let's have a great day
let's go
t um let's see I think we'll get a
couple of side games we maybe get some
games that are like releasing this year
that are going to come out also on the
switch to try to get that uh non-
Nintendo fan base over
there and genuinely dude I think this
this is the best chance we've had since
the 40e anniversary of a DK
something the issue is I'm going to be
honest if we get DK today it's going to
be uh oh I don't have my DK bar up if we
get D it's not going to be a 3D game
it's going to be aides scroller which I
mean is cool it's just not obviously
what I
wanted but I
got DK today
are you ready for some DK news can't
wait for the next Dark Knight game
that's crazy Hulk that's just that's
just toxic honestly that's just actually
toxic
DK Donkey
Kong no I'm not a big DK sides scroller
guy I didn't play the uh the remake of
uh Tropical
[Music]
Freeze I could see them bringing one
random thing out from like a niche K I
think dude a I think a 3D like Star Fox
would still be really
cool king of beast with a 10 gities
thank you so much Luke I'm going to be
honest I think if they ever bring Smash
back they either Port it from the switch
or they rebuild it from the ground up
and they do something brand new I don't
think we'll ever get a just smash again
cuz like how do you how do you do better
than the switch ultimate like you get
you get what I'm saying like how do you
ever do anything that you just do that
again it's just going to be a port it's
going to be a port or they're going to
do something brand new with it that's
that's my guess I don't I don't think
they'll ever just make a brand new Smash
from the ground
up I don't know I swear if I see Super
Monkey Ball today I'm going to be
[Music]
pissed I'm going to be pissed yeah we're
definitely going to I can definitely see
that Joe some breath of the wild tears
of the Kingdom Duo pack Port 100% could
see that cuz they make bank and they
know that um I could see a Xenoblade
coming out of some sort I don't know
when the last one we've gotten I could
see something like that being a a thing
over
here
[Music]
um once again I think they'll try to
grab the Casual fans Not Just Nintendo
fans I have a free membership Milestone
love the fact that fam is good best
wishes and whenever you want to do up
just hit me up I'll bet I will I didn't
yesterday cuz I was like I just hopped
on for a quick second for two games and
got off it wasn't like a a plan thing
uh I don't know how to say this name
esqu imortal I'm just going to call you
immortal thank you immortal probably
saying it wrong but thank you for the
gifties big love big
[Music]
love came here in the first uh for the
first time ever I've been watching your
videos for ages and want your support
appreciate all the hard work you do and
the content you make much love king of
Peace thank you they give her the kind
words as well Persona 6 I could
definitely see something along those
lines 100% I can see Animal Crossing
Animal Crossing for
[Music]
sure hey thank you craze thank you for
the three months appreciate all the love
we're still above over 20,000 members
which is freaking crazy I think we
peaked this subathon at
33,000 we're actually I mean we have
like 8,000 on Twitch too right now
too I got a little bit of peeling from
the sunburn safe some for for the rest
of us shut
up it's going to dude these two weeks
Luke I'm going to come back and this
thing's going to be back at
6,000 maybe even lower that's just a
guess cuz I did half a
month I actually think the virtual game
card thing they announced it was really
cool imagine they drop a new dk64 remake
or the new 3D I will cry be y'all don't
understand how much I would need that
grund grundr with a 20 gift d
[Music]
woo thank you grunder Grundy Grundy
let's go baby let's go big W's big W's
in chat who are the after the subathon
who are the all times obviously zuk and
Lindsay and Cory they're unchanged Ray
Von climbed a lot during this one he
would obviously be a lot higher had he
not just done twitch he'd actually be
number three I think um Levi Jackson
ngie sha Jordan and trainer wow I
thought Matt was up here maybe I think
Matt like right here Matt
Richard thank you thank you for the uh
20 gifted Grundy Grundy I you want to
say Grundy like um banj Kazooie must
love you and the family hope Lex and
Bera feel better and enjoy the beach
thank you train wreck I appreciate it
y'all have a fantastic time in the vinon
absolutely hope youall have a blast I
will greatly greatly miss y'all
definitely been uh been sad that I'm
missing out it's like so it's like fomo
you
[Music]
know I would love balers gate three on
the switch to even though that's a
switch to you think that think can
handle it I really I don't know I I hope
so big fam from Puerto Rico what's good
fam how you
[Music]
doing you think they finally get some
Legend
megas maybe maybe like Ze no cuz Z
already has 100% form I don't
[Music]
know oh jerky I would I would actually
that would be the best day ever that I
would start singing the SpongeBob this
is the best day ever like quite
literally that's that's how happy I
would
be Mega Yveltal and mega zerus just
sound so stupidly broken especially Mega
zerus can you imagine meing and like you
just get a free freaking
uh what is it geomancy off and
everything oh but then you can't run uh
power herb so I don't
[Music]
know hey thank you Wrath of
Zapdos it just get simple Mega venomoth
I'll stop being a Pok tuber if that
[Music]
happens thank you
[Music]
Bradley hey thank you Legend of a fallen
we're hanging in there fam we are
absolutely hanging in
there poking Tournament 2 would actually
be really cool I don't think they do
that but that would be really cool
[Music]
much love H bomb how you been
Fam thank you fam a gen 10 teaser I'd be
shocked man not not why they have all
the hyperon Legends Za I I don't think
so
[Music]
no oh that video go up original dude
that's funny cuz I remember when they
recorded that and Shady came into my
stream and texted me like what he got
swept by
[Music]
I need my Inova remakes that would be
really
cool yeah I agree Joe
100% 100 I I I firmly
[Music]
agree
see I could do
this
[Music]
maybe n we'll go
back going say I would do that because
it could like so people wouldn't be
confused where it is but that's
fine where the freak did it go where my
there it
is hey Undead mic thank you fam greatly
appreciate it my
dude thank you Jonathan I'm very excited
for the Beast y'all I I I need it I need
that and I did a DK announcement
[Music]
today Coliseum XD kind of game dude that
would be insane especially like on the
switch 2
nowadays I I that would be really really
[Music]
cool Hollow Knight wisy
knife that would be cool yo imagine like
they actually give us a a real Kingdom
Hearts Port you know that would be huge
that would actually be
massive let me try
[Music]
Ard thank you so
[Music]
much let's see what if I do oh also you
see what uh my Lex got me this for
Christmas and it finally came in it's
the Arcane Warwick
statue I'm going to do this
[Music]
and I'm going
to use that
[Music]
thank you so much for the 10 fam hope
Lex and Brena feel better I wish I could
do more but no dear God no don't don't
don't think that at all I
promise it is a okay okay thank you so
much for the 10 um that aside thank you
for the bright spot in the B side of the
year and it's easier to say my name Brad
well Brad thank you thank you thank you
uh and yeah I promise please do not feel
any slight bit of stress or whatever
about that not one bit my eyes are
burning did not sleep oh yeah nightbot
all right what do I do again
guys did you message me on
Discord any any big shock factors y'all
expect
today dude I don't know even how to log
in a nightbot it's been freaking
[Music]
forever um I guess I signed in with my
YouTube
[Music]
probably I haven't no I definitely
didn't remove it from chat I have not
signed I don't even know how to sign
[Music]
in so I definitely didn't remove
[Music]
it switch fit could definitely see
that where did you go when you L that
cck profile on the bottom
left maybe
settings and
then then you copy and paste user ID is
the following that allow wait where do I
paste
[Music]
this did I paste it in the
[Music]
Discord a new Fire Emblem game would be
sweet that would be freaking really cool
man honestly I can definitely see them
doing it too I mean three houses came
out pretty early on the switch right or
relatively
[Music]
early a Chrono Trigger HD remaster I'm
trying to think cuz like it's a console
drop right they want to sell as many as
they can off rip right like that that is
their
goal dude if they did like a 3D like a
exploration
of Star Fox bro that would be so
freaking
awesome shock Factor always hope for
here we're putting every previous
Pokemon release available on the new
console reason price built in
randomizer that that could have been
Vinnie's message because that that is a
dreamer's message right there I hate to
I hate the ball burst the bubble there
is no realm I would put my kidney on
that I wish I wish
but I would be very very
[Music]
surprised but I really do wish that
would
[Music]
happen okay let's see so you go to
setting the channel bottom left then the
settings go to where it says add manager
it says you're already a manager
managers Gus you're already there
turn on dark mode so it's not freaking
bright and copy and paste my user
id even though you're already
one yeah you're the only
manager manager added on July 22 uh 22nd
2022
[Music]
oh my God wait it oh wait is it got
music no it actually like started though
it made it made some like a a little bit
of noise
[Music]
there okay
it wait I think nightbot should be
apparently YouTube like revoked it
whatever but it should be fixed now cuz
I just signed in and gave it again wait
wait maybe I do this
what did I just
[Music]
do it said YouTube
revoked thing or
whatever what if I do this and then
this I don't
know dude I'm so excited for this man a
just want it to be here
now it works now can y'all do anything
with it so I can
see we'll see I'll let I'll let you look
at it too for now
though hey thank you famous good to at
least be able to stream
[Music]
here the previous song playing was the
Primal Diaga theme from explorers of Sky
dude if they announc explorers of Sky
they wouldn't cuz they they would
they would have uh during the Pokemon
presents on the Pokemon day Harry to
with a 20 said dlan I hope your family
is doing much better I know the pain
literally last night my six month uh
daughter couldn't hold anything that
dear God 6 months that's so young too
could hold anything down almost suck her
to the emergency room she's doing okay
now though dude I'm so sorry I'm glad
she's doing okay that sucks Sam that
absolutely blows I am so so
sorry I'm glad she's doing better though
yeah know man and it sucks there's no
doubt about it it really freaking
blows Prometheus what's good
fam oh there he is nightbot it's been
good it's been good how you doing I
missed you
it lives welcome back
bud Big W
[Music]
chat no problem sorry it took me so long
to sit down and finally do it
dude I
want I I try not to get my hopes up for
a DK game but genuinely that that's what
I want so freaking bad like that is what
I
[Music]
want sharigan you're good no worries at
all how's like doing I hope she's
feeling better she's hanging in there
not really I wouldn't say necessarily
better but she's hanging in there for
sure
[Music]
I I would love at least a Mario a 3D
Mario game that's like the big one right
the 3D
Mario I would love DK that is the
biggest one but I doubt that'll happen
but still it's not a bad time for them
to give a DK
[Music]
game I I think
um yeah I think Mario a 3D Mario and a
Mario Kart 9 are the two that I expect
and would love to
[Applause]
see Mario Odyssey 2 would make me
literally Cry tears of
[Music]
joy and they remade Super Mario RPG not
too long ago that is
true and they gave Kirby a 3D game man
if Kirby can get a 3D game why can't DK
how about
it dude my heart my heart and my hopes
are going to be up the entire time man I
already know it my it's just the entire
time I'm going to be I'm going to be
hopeful that it's DK I know that I know
for a fact it's how I'm going to be
[Music]
Kirby is a cute little
[Music]
lad that Kirby game was really cool I
didn't finish it but it was a really
cool
game oh dude my body is so sore getting
back into working out it's brutal right
now
it starts at 9:00 a.m. so 25
[Music]
minutes a Yoshi game would be kind of
cool too was Yoshi and Mario Odyssey I
literally can't even remember he was
right or was he
not he wasn't he was he was I think he
was I think so I don't remember he's
post game obviously the whole the whole
like revolved around like Cappy and
stuff
so no I don't think we'll really get any
met with prime today uh it was shown on
the last direct 4 days ago so there's no
shot I think they show it again there's
just no reason to cuz they already
showed
[Music]
it oh he was a capture not a mount
that's that's why I'm not remembering it
right
what's up Gamers chosen I love that
emote over on Twitch how are we doing
twitch wello if they now DK they're
going to have they're going to have to
go back to the AR cuz you're going to
have a hard like it will be my fourth ER
visit for
[Music]
sure it will
indeed oh yeah I mean like I said if if
the vinon goes for a couple weeks I'll
um I'll see you about
returning I know he's going to put on a
hell of a good show there's literally
zero doubt in my mind so
what's up David George how you doing I'm
hanging we're hanging in there um just
going to be streaming this direct and
then I'm uh hopping off for the day uh I
got my mom coming to help with brenen
and stuff I have a very busy day though
uh I got to record dad's being dudes so
it's ready for the beach trip I got to
get a sponsor so they're ready for the
beach trip I got a pack um yeah
[Music]
if any went nurs yday if you got coffee
I'm not surprised that guy on caffeine
is just a little bit
[Music]
unsafe I would not be mad for a dk64 rap
being released hey fam hope uh your
family is hanging in there sending big
loves and uh hugs and love and prayers
also I agree the DK 40th anniversary
like please we need DK facts man man it
needs to happen what are we doing out
here
[Music]
guys we don't have any Shake of Cups
left they are all sold
out they are officially all sold out
[Music]
what's up Stone Trooper how you doing
fam it's so cool I always I mean days
like this are always fun though cuz like
whenever I go to my sub feed right now
it's just like everyone Under the Sun is
live with this
right like Luke uh Rich Pat like uh beat
him ups there's literally like no one's
not live or not going to be live
yep the meal bar flavor coming soon I'm
[Music]
excited dude I want DK so bad please
[Music]
man Shady might not go live really
[Music]
no I don't think we'll get out a Zelda
game today I I'd be surprised um if if
not a 3D one at least he could maybe
a top looking down version maybe
but HP down virgin is the only one that
I
expect he did his sleepover with jump
scares last night what his sleepover
with jump scares what does that even
mean
[Music]
I'm so ready man 20 minutes left I'm so
excited chat I'm so so
excited he slept on cam I think viewers
could send Clips to wake him up no dude
there ain't no way I could do that you
you would all get the grumpiest version
of me ever
[Music]
sorry Dylan DK doesn't exist he's coming
back
today everyone 100 hours sleeps on cam
and T that's that's crazy ain't no way
I'd be able to do
[Applause]
that isn't there a rule of turn server
you can't no no I mean most of aons you
sleep on
camera DK copium is
real why didn't you post an April fools
video I I mean I've never done one
so and I was in the
hospital oh was March 31st actually I
guess what does DK mean don't know
that's crazy what's up Nicholas how you
doing
[Music]
fam asalo what's good how you doing my
[Music]
dude what's up ADH and ADHD and D how
you doing be of eyes what's good over on
Twitch hope you're okay we're hanging in
there we're hanging in there it's still
been rough but it's okay I couldn't miss
the switch direct thank you to my mom
for coming and helping out uh otherwise
I would not be able to be here right now
so shout out to to Miss Miss Hayes
Jill otherwise I would not be able to be
[Music]
here well we we'll just stream this and
I'll raid over Vinnie cuz I know he'll
be probably the only one staying live
today so we'll send the love over to
Vinnie the
[Music]
vinon but yeah know today's uh today's
sadly a very busy day I'm really I wish
it wasn't but I got I got to get stuff
done let's definitely get a like Spike
everybody
[Music]
[Applause]
hope like doing better she's throwing up
less it's just the nausea is not going
away and that's just
like we need that to go away obviously
before a long beach trip drive you know
[Music]
the collaborative subathon ended uh with
me and Vinnie the uh vinon Vinnie
decided to keep going so the vinon has
[Music]
begun Mario Paint maybe I dude they're
going to have little niche things like
that I I honest to
God would have
like I would not be surprised that the
majority of the the direct is stuff like
that Mario Paint little side games like
I feel like that that is
it did the timer run out no timer didn't
run out I just had three er visits in
like 2 weeks so I just had to pull out
for now
there's a community tab post if you want
to read uh up it
more hope your family doing a better
much love much love osalo thank
[Music]
you I'm trying to think of other random
things that I could see them doing I
think another Mario Maker will be really
really cool like an advanced one maybe
dude imagine a Mario Maker where you can
make 3D worlds I know I don't think
they'd ever do that but obviously but
that would be so
cool if we get DK pain I'll unplug in my
computer and throwing it in the
trash I want you to know that right
[Applause]
now I it's I'm absolutely gone
[Music]
dude everybody is live I wonder if even
Frank will go live Frank's the one
that's like hit or miss you never know
if that kid's going to take take the
time or be care the care enough to
actually go live with the direct you
know
a DK dude Diddy Kong Racing would be so
sick though I would actually be so
excited for a Diddy Kong
[Music]
Racing skider with the emotes over on
Twitch oh twitch is on emo only what no
wonder no one's talking over there how
do I even change
that did I do
that Swit is on email on hope you guys
are doing well I did not how do I change
I don't know how to do
that emo only how the freak do I do
[Music]
that how did I even do that oh I'm sorry
twitch I didn't even know there we
go hi twitch I was like like man this
been a it's been a long time not a
single person set a
message yo Aaron D gram with the red
gang hope the fam is all good and take
the earned break sorry I missed the last
day just know the fam always comes first
and we appreciate all of you no stress
at all dude thank you for all the
support that you showed in the subathon
thank you thank you thank you win are
free sorry twitch I was so confused
thank you Aaron D for the massive $100
bomb thank you thank you thank you thank
you thank you my dude 13 minutes
chat 13
minutes it is almost
time let me text
Lex uh I
[Music]
Rec I was dude I was so flabbergasted
like not a single person s a message
over there
inh Hal's deep breath the oxygen has
[Music]
returned oh I didn't do it you did it
Nikki oh okay I was like what is going
[Music]
on I was so
confused guys we are so close close it
is almost time please bring it here
bring it
home I'm really curious if Frank's going
to go live he he's always just the the
one like is is he coming is he not is he
is he going to pop out and come see the
switch
too or is he not feeling it
[Music]
DK and fortnite once again we'll break
something something will be
[Music]
broken Frank really is just lanky Kong
there is no doubt about
it there could be some Zelda news today
some kind of Zelda
news dude I'm going to lose myself if I
see
DK yeah I agree R I don't think it' ever
happen
either 10 minutes chat I'm so excited
[Music]
[Music]
I me to make sure
[Music]
do you even want DK you aren't even in
the suit listen listen listen I would be
in the suit had it not been for the fact
that we've been going everywhere I don't
even know where it is I need to honestly
order a new one that thing is
nasty I need a new DK suit it is
[Music]
gross dude Mario Odyssey 2 would make me
so happy too
[Applause]
I'm tell you also what also made me
happy is that Mario um 3D Allstar what
was it called what was Mario Party the
Mario Party one called not the newest
Mario Party the remake of one and two
and
three not
jamere was it
Superstars yeah Superstars support and
they added DLC that would make me happy
will that happen
no but that would make me happy cuz I
love Mario Party 3
Mario Party
[Music]
3 yo imagine another paper Mario
happens but it's a good
one a really really good
one that would be
cool I don't think it's a rumor I think
it's confirmed that it's an hour direct
I think they announced that it is an
hour long dude Mario 3v3 Hoops was so
fun dude yo I'm going to say it here
I've been say it for years I don't think
they'll do it because obviously it's
Japan based and this is a very American
sport but I still think to this day a
Mario American football game would be so
sick yo hbom with the bomb thank you for
the $100 fam let's go here's to that new
DK suit thank you so much fam wh bomb
two red gangs today thank you so much um
but but I think it would go so unbeliev
unbelievably hard I just see like
Donkey Kong hiking it to Mario Bowser's
on the on the line trying to or just
rush it you know the defensive line
Mario's back to pass he over throws
Yoshi but he does his
little and like catches the ball and he
goes and he scores come on man obviously
that's so America based and like no one
else but like dude I've been saying it
for like 10 plus years that would be a
legendary video
game legendary video game
[Music]
you would hit the market for people that
play only freaking Madden in NBA
2k thank you Mars we're hanging in there
for
sure price thank you for the 79 months
and a legend at that dude thank you so
much
[Music]
Super Mario football would go hard it
really freaking
[Music]
would if someone only play sport games
are they really a
gamer it's a deep question right there
Mario Sluggers was such a good freaking
[Music]
game thanks
Mars if there's a new DK game what would
you want it to be just asking uh I'd
want a 3D 3D platformer just uh I mean
Kirby got one recently just a DK 3D
platformer kind of like Mario Odyssey
was you know like a 3D World game where
you go to different worlds collect
bananas that that right there is
[Applause]
it this is the best Mario game oh I
don't know man Mario Sluggers so good
and Mario Strikers come on so good
that's hard there's so there's actually
a lot of good sports
games hope the fam and everything is
going better love you bros hey wish flx
thank you so much for all the love man
thank you for all the love in the
subathon as well
[Music]
dude Revenant but that isn't even true
they gave him am a freaking theme park
that cost so much money to give a Donkey
Kong theme
park it doesn't make any
[Music]
sense and the rumors that he's getting
his own movie too like come on dude
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
question do you remember what first made
you love DK yeah just being a kid got it
for Christmas I was I think 6 years old
with the
N64 and I just fell in love with that
game and been in love with it ever ever
since this is the to summon the DK today
it's going to
happen also I mean I know the subathon
over for me right now whatever
but got like uh one of the controllers
to connect to the steam deck it's
literally the one Luke uses for unite
too but I got it for the steam deck so I
can actually hopefully not get
disconnected every 3
seconds oh d so close it's so
[Music]
close three minutes chat all right I'm
going to go ahead and I'm going to
switch
[Music]
over if there isn't a DK G announcement
I Riot sending to you and your family
the best wishes Plus some DK Vibes dude
it's got to
happen I don't even know what to expect
dude come on just be just be just be
super fun just be super fun please
please please please please please
please
[Music]
please are you excited to have a
venomoth on your body before a new DK
game that is
[Music]
diabolical Tetris Rog
[Music]
like dude I'm so I'm nervous like I I I
don't want to get my hopes up but like
it's too late you know like my hopes
they're
up we got two minutes
[Music]
chat oh man I'm so excited I think the
reason I got so excited and got my hopes
up is because it's an hour long
[Music]
when is DK's 40th it already happened
that was 4 years ago it's almost his
45th year next year is his 45th
[Music]
Year we're hanging in there lunar trying
our best to at
least the only thing I think is really
hurting uh DK is the fact that they just
did that release date thing here we go
let's give it up chat switch two time
[Music]
baby imagine it's just terrible there's
no Mario no DK no Zelda no not even
Mario Kart it's just like farming Sim
number
[Music]
seven I could see an animal crossing I
don't know if that's a as a as a launch
title like it comes out when it comes
out but like next year or
whatever it's just specs for 60 minutes
like details bro like the amount of like
what kind of glass they use for screens
and the kind of plastic around the
switch it's how they created it just
crap like
[Music]
C here we go chat here we go here we go
here we go I'm so
excited Donkey
[Music]
Kong okay this just the direct
sign that's giving some dony Vibes
though region
[Music]
here we go here we go here we go here we
[Music]
go off the bat with a
game Mario
Kart I
think wait definitely moreart y here we
go off the off to a bang a go let's see
how DK
looks wait how many PE yeah that's how
many it's a it's a big race that's the
first big change look how many
people let's see DK's rework where you
at buddy where you
at Yoshi looks
great let's see his rework
Rosalina you just show his back okay
that one didn't look as bad that one
didn't look as bad
I'll admit that one wasn't as bad as
like the little screenshot we got but
notice how they still only showed his
[Music]
back they're showing everyone else's
front King Boo all that yo imagine Diddy
Kong gets in here Oo we going to be
skateboarding
grind that was flam you can be the
cow you can be the cow
[Music]
what you can eat like certain
foods or can you just do
[Music]
outfits Mario Kart World that looks
flare
hello everyone
I'm and I'll be one of your guides for
today's Nintendo
Direct I'm the producer for Nintendo
switch
2 I'm taku hero DOTA the director for
Nintendo switch 2 how come this the cow
literally got more screen time the
hardare design for Nintendo switch 2
come on man what you just saw was Mario
Kart World launching exclusively on
Nintendo switch on the stage now what do
you think this brand new Mario Kart game
will be
like dude the wall running and jumping
new entry in the Mario Kart series is
launching exclusively on the Nintendo
switch 2 system welcome to this vast
World cart races are held throughout
various regions that span the
globe depending on the time of day and
weather condition I conditions the
atmosphere will change what yo take out
a freaking Mario open world game who's
the crab look at the crab and in this
Mario Kart game did you see
that you can go off the racetrack and
drive virtu everywhere in this world oh
it literally is open
world in the classic Grand Prix race
through four courses in a bid for first
[Music]
place but don't sleep at the wheel
you'll also drive to the next course as
part of the
competition with 24 drivers in each race
the most in Series history the
competition is 24 RI dude this is going
to be so fun for streams 24 people can
get in at a time knockout
tour race non-stop from one corner of
the world to
another yo that's just me
dog there are multiple checkpoints along
the way
if you're below the placement shown when
you hit a checkpoint you'll be
eliminated Battle Royale can you make it
all the way to the Finish
[Music]
Line fre roam is so really drive around
this vast world you understand how long
I'm just going to be driving around this
world like by going Offroad you can
explore new areas and routes oh this
like it this is soer your takes you I
used to do that's in Mario Kart 64 I
would just go where I want to go also go
for scenic drives dur the race and even
take photos together at different
[Music]
locations dud they had to give DK a
rework for some reason there's no re
there's no realm he doesn't get a game
why would you rework it entire world
starts here Mario Kart like right there
do looks great he looks greates on the
going right there he looked awesome more
details about this title will be shared
in an upcoming Mario Kart World Direct
so be on the
lookout great start Nintendo great
[Music]
start Mario Kart World Launches on the
same day as Nintendo switch
2 we'll share more details in the future
so we hope you're looking forward to
it next we'd like to introduce some of
the new featur of Nintendo switch
2 D my heart drops every time I know
we're not getting Donkey Kong man but it
jumps every time and on the right joyon
2 we've added a new C
button let's take a look at some new
experiences it
[Music]
offers that's a delayed click
you got no friends I'm still ahead of
all of you guys what
is okay it's really behind that was that
was you that's not me
though she's playing on Discord tin now
wait no did they give Discord to the
switch I'm Coming For
You introducing game chat a new feature
for Nintendo switch too that's just
Discord dog can you hear me hello hi yo
there's Pat with this feature you'll be
able to communicate with friends and
family while playing a game about time
they have a party system I'm I like
we've been having that since PS3 and
Xbox 360 but that's good while using the
game chat feature your voice is
recognized by a microphone built into
the system but please but you're still
behind me right oh God you're going to
hear bur a scream in the background pick
up your speaking voice please tell me we
can get headsets though
tell me when get
heads all right let's keep going it's
coming let's make a left right here
let's make a when it's noisy around you
your voice will still come through
clearly letting you chat with East how
you get by a
boat okay nice nice it does look
beautiful it's okay and you can use this
feature in handheld mode too letting you
easily chat with friends and
family if you open the chat menu and
turn on game that is so funny there we
go there we go you can also share your
game screen did you see someone just
like go on top of that dinosaur did you
see how laggy it's going to be though
look look how laggy they
are I respect him for not making it look
too real it was going to be
laggy oh
no
y
okay you can chat to your heart's
content even while playing different
games yeah I know that one it's so hard
right it's tough oh wow I'm like in the
SK right here I'm a I fell I'm falling
I'm falling I'm falling okay we got it
we're safe we're safe Kirby look you're
star that's so cute so
cute yeah they're playing doggy
confirmed confirmed it's going to be a
game he was playing DK country it's
going to be a game where' you
[Music]
go or expand another friend's game
screen it's going to be a freaking side
got get above that wall that to your
left you're almost there though the wall
like if she gets past the wall this is
where I have to do a little wall ride
okay okay okay so everyone can watch
them play you really talk this your
friend I know where you are I think I
know where you are wait wa wait okay I
think we
have ooh okay oh nice let's take a
picture here okay are you ready
smile oh yo that's sick I like your pose
n on the right joycon told my friends I
like add button with the SE button you
can pull up a chat
menu oh dang really actually guys uh I
got a call coming right now so uh I'll
be right back yeah okay
sure here you can quickly and easily
mute yourself and more and there's
this by connecting this camera to the
system hey what hey what's up
hello yo that's so r hi how's everyone
doing good you can appear on screen and
video chat while playing a game no I
know it's I said it's D country I know
that's Donkey Kong Country it was
freaking pixels here's how it looks with
saying he was playing DK so that's
confirmed they're going to give us
another game can you wait for me please
look forward to games which use your
camera feed like
this that aspect is actually kind of
cool actually that's kind of cool go a
little more this way
the sharing the game is just even when
you're a part you can play games and
hang out as if you were together in the
same room play together or compete in
online multiplayer
[Music]
games chat while playing your personal
favorites decide your own rules for a
retro game
competition or hold a sports competition
between
amilies for like kids this is really
cool though gu you know
anywhere I'll still just use Discord cuz
I'm at my PC but still cool it's cool
what did you think in developing game
chat they definitely needed some kind of
Eno definitely definitely needed that
including family and friends almost as
if you're all playing together in the
same
[Music]
place the camera you saw in the trailer
is the Nintendo switch 2 CA
$700 which will be available on the same
day as switch
2 a Nintendo switch online membership
will be required to use game
chat you online since we'd like as many
people as possible to experience game
chat it will be available without a
membership for a limited time wow long
limited freaking time additionally game
chat supports the Nintendo switch
parental controls app and different
settings can be adjusted
for example whether parental permission
is always required when a child wants to
use game chat to play with their
friends we'd like to introduce another
new experience you can share with family
and
friends your love for Donkey Kong on
Nintendo switch even if you just have
one game you can pass a joy-con
controller to a friend and play together
but on Nintendo switch 2 you can play
together locally on multiple systems
using just one game with game share
that's how it was in the D that require
multiple screens can be played if one
person owns a compatible game remember
doing that in the DS when you like share
compatible games with others who also
have Nintendo switch 2o or a Nintendo
switch system you can share a game with
up to three other systems at a
time game share also supports online
play with other switch 2 systems and you
can use it with friends game chat which
we showed earlier DS download play yeah
share can only be used with compatible
games this feature is planned for
several titles starting with a free
update for Clubhouse
games Classics Nintendo switch that was
especially if you can do it on Mario
also planned for select games exclusive
to Nintendo switch 2 so we hope you'll
look forward to it like Donkey Kong up
[Music]
next we'd like to show you the Nintendo
switch 2 system itself the switch is
this lagging to everyone else take a
look
bigger screen same
thickness at 7.9 in switch 2 has a
bigger built-in screen here's how that
compares to Nintendo switch why didn't
they the system's thickness remains get
rid of the black bars
though with approximately double the
pixels compared to switch you can enjoy
games in Greater detail on the 1080p
screen okay I'm happy it's 1080p Big W
big W's in
chat 60 FP oh wait undocked the screen
supports up to 120 frames per second
allowing for smoother gameplay and
supported titles I was not expecting
120 nope no not expecting that I was
like it's definely going be is more
Vivid supports HDR providing more
contrast between light and dark areas of
the
images that is actually so so all new
joy-con 2 controllers connect
magnetically strong magnets keep the
controllers firmly attached to the
system by pressing the release button on
the
back that thing is going to be on
fire the SL and Sr buttons are bigger
for greater comfort and control when
playing with what hand they use to demo
test the switch one I mean I'm never
going to use that anyway I'll use a pro
but the left and right sticks are now
larger can you say no stick trff please
each joy-con 2 controller can be
us play with comp games the left and
right 2 support Mouse control
Le by adjusting the audio balance
between the ranges sounds from the
built-in speakers are clearer and more
natural in handheld and tabletop
modes it has a built-in microphone so
you can voice chat with friends anytime
via game chat
it also uses noise cancelling technology
to fil minutes hour so your voice will
come through clearly it's been cool so
far well it's been cool so
far even if you don't have a surround
sound system games can be enjoyed with
more immersive three-dimensional sound
as if it were coming from all around
[Music]
you Zelda game Zelda game Zelda game
H place your Nintendo switch 2 however
you like with a large sturdy
stand you can move it freely like
this thank god dude this was also the
dumbest thing they did on the switch
where you addition to the USBC Port
found on the botom system but can also
do on top on top as well thank god big
W's Nintendo it's handy for connecting a
USBC camera Mario Kart uh World Plus
120 like
that that's two big W's back to back
chat Nintendo switch 2 comes with 256 GB
of internal storage eight times that of
Nintendo switch for storing your game
downloads save data and more games are
typically not that huge writing data is
also
faster 4K use the Nintendo switch 2 DOC
to connect to your TV and enable up to 4
4K resolution for compatible games HDR
is also supported in TV
what yo did Nintendo just skip a few
years they they went
from buil-in fan that Sy cool no I'm
keep performance
stable I'm actually shook if this if
this works well and runs well Nintendo's
cooking on Nintendo switch 2 you can
play Nintendo switch 2 games as well as
compatible Nintendo switch games
physical and digital games are support
already this is D what is the price
going to be 4K 120 if they keep this uh
like at $400 this is a huge W for
them but I'm going to it might be around
500 at least at
launch as you just saw there's no way
there's no way they do 700 an improved
Nintendo switch they go above 500 we
redesigned the system from the ground up
and packed in lots of new gameplay
features and to help players better
understand the switch 499 if 400 dude is
the biggest W in the world Mr
Koto hello my current location is
actually inside the game
itself did they this is Nintendo switch
2 Welcome tour exclusive to Nintendo
switch 2 is this basically like the Wii
or the me
I'm standing over
here okay everyone join me inside the
[Music]
game there are a lot of question mark
icons here let's examine
them this sign reads where are the
magnets the joy-con 2 controllers attach
to the system with magnets okay this is
like the first thing I don't really are
inside the
system sorry the SL and Sr buttons on
the joycon 2 are made of
metal so that's how they attach to the
system that's that's cool magnetic
circuit is formed between them so they
won't easily
[Music]
detach through examining signs like
these you can discover all sorts of
secrets about kind of cool they did make
a
for have Mouse controls that's cool when
combined all now do something like
this you can adjust the position of the
golf club and aim for the Cup by
rotating the joyon
[Music]
2 by combining the mouse controls and
gyroscopes things like this are
possible there are secrets to discover
even as you're playing mini games and
Tech
demos some of the secrets range from
Nintendo thing to do so you might not
notice until they're pointed out there
are plenty there are
plenty Nintendo switch 2 welcome toour T
will launch as a paid digital game on
the same day as Nintendo switch 2 so
please check it out if you're
interested now I'd like to share some
more information regarding Nintendo
switch
2 this is the game card for Nintendo
switch 2
titles it's the same shape as Nintendo
switch game cards but it's now red and
it has much faster data
speeds next up is additional storage
yeah switch 2 will only work with micro
SD Express
cards they're a different type of SD
card and will make high-speed data
transfers
possible please note that regular micro
SD cards used for Nintendo switch will
not be compatible it's probably got to
be able to transfer faster transfer data
from switch to switch 2 you can log into
your Nintendo account to use the system
transfer feature with this feature you
can transfer save data digital games and
more we're also releasing a new Pro
Controller looks clean it has a c button
which launches game chat and on the back
there are new GL and gr buttons which
you use to assign existing button
controls they have headphone plug too in
addition an audio jack has been added
that's cool that's cool we've introduced
a few new features and after today's
presentation the official Nintendo
switch 2 website will go live live there
will also be an ask the developer
article on the website where the three
of us will talk about the development of
Nintendo switch 2 we hope you'll check
that out as
well and now the Nintendo switch 2
launch
date was it July or June Nintendo switch
2 Launches on June 5th let's go we're
very much looking forward to the day
when you all get to experience it so
please wait just a bit longer I can't
wait that's before the baby comes so I
have something to play in the
bed broadly
speaking on Nintendo switch 2 you can
play three types of
games the first type is Nintendo switch
2 games yeah switch one these games take
advantage performance and features of
switch
2 the second type is compatible games
that were released on Nintendo
switch Nintendo switch 2 Edition games
are the third type
some games that were released on switch
will receive upgraded versions
that
run play on switch 2 and
more now I'd like to show you the
Nintendo switch 2 edition of Super Mario
party
jamere please take a look oh they're
going to get like a
DLC dude this delay is killing me though
Super Mario Party jamere is getting an
upgrade on Nintendo switch
2 the upgrade expands on the base game
and adds new features including Mouse
[Music]
controls audio recognition I don't
really care about the audio recognition
please expressive that just sounds like
that's going to be a
disaster and gameplay that give another
give us another map though that the only
reason I'm thinking I'm going to buy it
if you give another
map let's check out three new and
updated
modes first up is Mario party mode
with a single camera up to four players
can join the festivities you'll be able
to see each other's
faces so you can experience all the
reactions and emotions in real time or
four friends can take the party
[Music]
online up next it's Bowser live a mode
where the livelier team wins Bowser will
bring you on stage to this is proba good
for the most
Coins guide an RC car with your I
personally don't care about this but and
compete in other mini gamess using full
body movement and sound finally take a
ride on the mouse controlled Carnival
coaster with the safety bar lowered and
secured you're off let's
go use Mouse controls to shoot down
enemies while you feel the bumps and
rumbles of the coaster
when you enter a pipe a mini game will
begin there's a bouldering game where
two players each control an arm and one
where you shake a can of spray paint and
quickly tag
objects enjoy the thrill of these
intuitive mini gamess how quickly can
you reach the
station from mini games that use a
camera the built-in
microphone Mouse controls and Rumble the
biggest party yet it's getting even
bigger Super Mario Party jamere Nintendo
switch 2 Edition plus jamere TV Launches
on Nintendo switch 2 July 24th I'm
okay Nintendo switch 2 players who
already ma bought it upgrade to Nintendo
switch 2 Edition plus jamere TV by
purchasing an upgrade
pack please look forward to a new Mario
Party experience where you can see each
other's reactions while
playing let's continue presenting some
more Nintendo switch 2 Edition
games
Yep they're going to be both of them
both of them ported yep Nintendo switch
2 editions of The Legend of Zelda breath
of the wild Legend of Zelda tears of the
Kingdom feature enhanced resolution and
frame
rates and also support HDR which makes
the image I I would buy this so you can
play with smoother prefer like this kind
of an upgrade than I can see my face in
the game you know plus you can get even
more out of your adventures in holl
using Zelda
notes this new feature can be accessed
via the Nintendo Switch app on Smart
devices it's a game specific service
that's exclusive to the switch two
editions of these
titles for example it can help guide you
to various locations like shrines and
cororo you haven't found yet guidance
activ
[Music]
sir just
[Music]
helps or you can share your Creations
using QR codes and send them to another
player to create in their
game that's actually kind of
[Music]
cool that actually is really
cool that's really
cool we hope these features will make
your adventures even more enjoyable
in Kirby and the Forgotten land you'll
be able to enjoy an additional story
exclusive to the Nintendo
switch graphics and frame rates I swear
if I don't see DK today it's on sight
this story takes place in the Forgotten
land after being struck by a powerful
meteor that's causing some mysterious
changes
we hope you're looking forward to
Kirby's new
adventure this is actually really cool
though Metroid Prime 4 Beyond will have
both a Nintendo switch and a Nintendo
switch 2
Edition cool I figured that already
though that's good though in addition to
standard controls you can use Mouse
controls for intuitive gameplay on
switch 2 I'm okay with not doing that
you can explore the immersive world in
the only I care about the fact that I
can play or enjoy smoother
action it's probably because it was made
for the switch but still getting it mod
both of which support HDR it looks
really good
[Music]
it wow Za that's good Legends Za which
is scheduled to launch later my God we
receive a Nintendo switch version but a
Nintendo switch 2 Edition as
well by taking advantage of the power of
switch 2 you can enjoy your adventure in
lumio city with enhanced resolution and
frame rates thank you that's all I
asked the Nintendo switch 2 Edition
games you just saw the only one that I
don't care about there is literally the
Mario jamere I'm sorry I don't care at
all about any of that one everything
else own the Nintendo switch version of
a game you can play the Nintendo switch
2 Edition by purchasing an upgrade pack
that's really cool hope you're looking
forward to these Nintendo switch 2
Edition
games next I'd like to introduce a brand
new game featuring Mouse controls with
the joy contr s this is the DK game I
get I'm please take a look please no
this is the one I don't want DK don't
show him don't show him don't show
him okay it's not
DK it's like a DJ thing
what the freak is
this oh my God it's just their version
of Rocket
[Music]
[Applause]
League Dragon
Drive I told you they'd be random things
like
[Music]
this this is just rocket League dog
[Music]
they actually made like
um the wheelchair League of basketball
that's cuz that's a real
thing and that's ex it's exactly it
looks just like it like how they shoot
and everything except the one
handed like I my thing is I don't have
somewhere to always like put my hand for
for a mouse if I'm not at a desk and if
I'm at a desk then I'll just play my
PC you know what I'm saying like it's a
cool it's a cool idea in
hindsight but like where am I going to
if I'm playing my switching beted where
am I going to put the
thingy in Dragon Drive you'll use both
joycon 2 controllers as mice to
intuitively pull off various
moves we hope you're looking forward to
a new TST 30 minutes left
next here are some games from our
publishing and development partners
coming to Nintendo switch 2 so this is
going to be like the this what I talk
about like yep Y what I just say
grabbing the other fans of the Nintendo
Elden ring I knew it I knew it I knew it
I literally said El ring isn't D in
[Music]
of I mean that was the freest call
ever the Rays of Grace Dark Souls came
on the switch this
please be 120 though I need you to be
120 I have no doubt you will become
Elden
Lord's got one of the best
names tarnished Edition that's cool it's
a cool name for it didn't say anything
about 120 so that kind of scares me I
don't think it's going to be hey I'm
Greg kasavin from super giant games here
to say that Hades 2 is Nintendo switch 2
our first ever
inces an immortal witch out to Vanquish
the Sinister I still got to play the
first one man I've heard that game is so
on the underworld to the ends of the
Earth getting to know dozens of
characters from Greek myth in a story
that reacts to your every setback in
Victory
it's pick and play whether you're
experienced with the original or not
look for more about Hades 2 later this
year
now Street Fighter Street figh
initiating
our weapon safety mechanism confirmed
all operating at normal levels testing
data link with spine normal commencing
launch after two long Wars where our
freedom was restricted this is armor
right finally be liberated from
hum I'm in need of a new Arsenal new
equipment and money that's it I'm for
sale and you're buying Rebels is it
Gundams thanks for the world
welcome this planet will be
ours the play looked like armored Core
to me the Trinitas has almost completed
a weapon that was created to destroy all
Humanity no because we're in the middle
of a war don't you get it I won't just
stop you I'll tear you
apart all children bring hope to to our
lives don't they you better a
dog hey this is Joseph fars from
hazelight I'm super excited for split
fiction to come to Nintendo switch 2 the
game is a story about friendship you
play as me who R sci-fi and Zoe who R
fantasy together they get trapped in
their own stories and it's up to you and
a friend to help them Break Free he was
there guys he was just there it takes
two you're going to love this one Trust
and of course you'll be able to play
split fiction on the day switch to
launches he was right
there at EA Sports we bringing fans
together across the world give me Donkey
Kong give me Mario football
excited FC will be coming to Nintendo
switch 2 Madden NFL also be arriving on
the Nintendo platform EA Sports if you
buy a switch to just play Madden throw
it away hi I'm Alan 2 from Avalanche
software
we bring they're bringing like a lot of
old games and that was what like two
years ago two and a half years ago
that's the most y I swear to God watch
next be Skyrim watch it next one's going
to be Skyrim and the new mouse controls
on switch 2 give you even more ways
to next one's going to be Skyrim they're
going to they're going toy magic when
Launches on the same as switch
to Oh Captain is that mic supposed to be
that's actually cool that's sick I used
to love Tony
Hawk man I used to love these games on
like
PS2 the Skyrim was already on the switch
I'm saying they're going to do it again
my game gets ported more than anything
I'm about to say a few moments later
that was
SpongeBob that was sick what was that in
the regular
game hello this is Christian Elam from
iio
interactive we are bringing our Flagship
title Hitman world I told you that would
spend a lot of this direct trying to get
people that aren't Nintendo fans over
I like I wouldn't be surprised if to
accomplish his
mission and how each Mission progresses
will vary depending on the players
imagination our ever expanding game will
release on the same day as switch
2 plus we are excited to bring another
familiar agent to the
platform James
B Metal Gear Solid Snake he's kind of
like a hit man
James Bond Sol
[Music]
it are they wait James Bond the world's
favorite spy is coming to Nintendo
switch 2 so stay wait they're going to
redo gold nine no
way the storm of light and shine I don't
want to get my hopes out that's what
they're doing is reborn there's no shot
that's what they're doing no way Bravely
Default returns remastered in high
definition D that game was so oh great
game ren default commands that help you
control the flow of turn-based
battles going be new James Bond game I
don't think it's necessarily going to be
gold ey per se enjoy your adventure with
upgraded features that's still really
cool and all that's not definitely not a
golden eye like remaster though play
they're making like a whole new James
Bond game presents the classic fantasy
RPG Bravely Default Flying Fairy HD
remaster KN and dark as a warrior of
light that game is like 10 years
[Music]
old what this that one game everyone
wants me to
play in the subathon I got brought up a
lot I think I think it's what this
we'll have more games to show from our
publishing and development Partners but
for now we'd like to show a game being
developed in collaboration with Nintendo
please take a
look collaboration with Nintendo
interesting when the zonai who descended
from the heavens
joined hands with the hens dwell on the
surface their Union led to a great and
prosperous
kingdom oh yeah Zelda again but in time
a terrible evil
[Music]
arose a war was fought to Vanquish this
evil you get a third game before I get
anything the imprisoning war oh is it
Warriors
perhaps you truly have traveled back in
time it's Warriors it's it's
Warriors it's hyru Warriors so that's
hyru
Castle then that must mean this really
is the past
what yeah hyro Warriors that's cool
though I was wonder why they said in
they were doing it with Nintendo that's
why I was confused when I saw
Zelda that's sick
though I was going to be so shocked if
y'all were about to get another Zelda
like dude tears of the Kingdom just came
[Music]
out that's actually flames
this winter wow dude Zelda fans have
been eating though man God you had so
many games that was hyru Warriors age of
imprisonment it's being developed by COA
techmo games with support from that's
why when they said collaborating with
Nintendo like why would you would be
collaborating Nintendo it just be
Nintendo when Zelda took place in Hyrule
long
ago cool and now some news about
Nintendo switch
online you can continue to enjoy
Nintendo switch online on switch
2 and with Nintendo switch online plus
expansion
pack you can enjoy a new membership
benefit exclusively on switch 2 please
take a look at
this
GameCube Nintendo switch online plus
expansion pack will be getting a new
classic game Library exclusive to
Nintendo switch
2 originally released in 2001 here are
the titles that will be available not
release a Legend of Zelda game that
looks like a cartoon come to life
through cell shading controlling the
using a mysterious Paton link set sail
on an adventure across the Great Sea The
Legend of Zelda The Wind
Waker transcending history bro T of
souls and swords eternally ret I love
Soul calber weapons based fighting game
each fighter comes equipped with a
different weapon and Link from The
Legend of Zelda series enters the oh
yeah he was already in that one I
remember that I remember I forgot about
that experience a world of White Knuckle
racing at speeds over 2,000
kmph 30 machines will put
it so hard but I know they wouldn't do
that right when they just dropping the
world first machine customization and
story mode
get ready to experience F0
GX in games that support multiplayer up
to four can play together locally or
online that's
cool enjoy these classic
games quality and higher resolution than
the original
releases you can also check the controls
for each title and customize them to
your
liking more titles will be added in the
future Gale of dark oh dude that is
insane strikker Coliseum what Nintendo
GameCube Nintendo Classics the switch 2
exclusive game Library coming to
Nintendo switch online Plus extansion
Pack launch there holy
crap and a dedicated controller designed
after the original G controller will
also be released it can connect
wirelessly and also has a c button to
quickly access game
chat the Nintendo Game controll
exclusively available for Nintendo
switch online members will also be
available the same day as Nintendo
switch 2 nonstop games there whether
you're familiar with the games or
haven't played them before like her so
much we hope you're looking forward to
Nintendo game I forgot about the link
collaboration with it dude they should
have done NBA Street when you can play
Mario the systems shown here on nintend
switch
2 okay let's see some more games from
our publishing and development Partners
15 that's not going to be anything
major it's 15 minutes left
[Music]
chat wait is this undertale Delta Rune
oh
shoot she
[Music]
I still got to play
[Music]
this Sans
[Music]
[Music]
a lot of this has been disappointing I
highly
disagree hi I'm Randy from gearbox
Borderlands 4 our upcoming Flagship
launch game you can't on Nintendo Mario
a Zelda like you got Mario and a Zelda
so far I bet the last game is going to
be a Mario game that's my we're still in
development and it's already the most
ambitious Borderlands game we've ever
made Borderland you we got 120 FPS you
got 4K HDR you got Mario World you got a
new Zelda high rulers you're probably
going to get another freaking Mario game
we're releasing a Nintendo switch 2
edition of Del three and four chap
you'll establish an Empire you finally
have a chat room in
Discord with the new mouse control 120
FPS is enough to make this like good
solid direct S7 Launches on the same day
as switch
2 and if you already own the Nintendo
switch version you can experience Mouse
controls on switch 2 by purchasing the
[Music]
upgrade and we have even more news from
2K hi I'm L Jinx and I'm I don't care
about our final announcement for today
is that WWE 2K is coming to nintend
switch 2 I don't know if you play that
plus NBA 2K as well I I don't care about
give me Mario Hoops that care about but
they didn't spend long on it they spent
10 seconds on it four kids find this old
tattered man off they went armed with
nothing but youthful enthusiasm and a
profound lack of preparation boom
terrible at steering around why are they
running like
Frank awesome you nailed it okay line
and sink I'm going to miss DK hold
on tastes amazing oh it's not
me really have started to master this
Survivor let's stop the
top H nicely done well I think that's
everything this time for home I'm going
to literally Miss
DK hi I'm Dave Crooks from Dodge roll
what's up
Dave that sounded very important but I
missed it here's the first look at enter
the gun two enter the what two Dodge
countless bullets and aim for the
gungeon's depths in our Rog likee
shooter sequel now reloaded in a new 3D
art
style you can expect some fan favorite
elements to return we're still working
on the game and we're excited to share
more with you in the
[Music]
future guys I I mean it's completely
Frozen for me I don't know what else I'm
supposed to do are yall watching on a
different oh
[Music]
there is this
[Music]
back that does not sound
right this sounds very important what am
I
missing okay
hello my name is Adam badowski from s
thre we are delighted to bring the of
the dark future to Nintendo players for
the first time called it cyberpunk 2077
is an open world action adventure RPG
set in night City thanks to Nintendo
switch 2 you can transport yourself to
the City of Dreams at home or on the go
get ready to meet unable
characters stor when cyberp punk 2077
timate Edition Nintendo switch they're
definitely saving one Nintendo game for
the end there's no way they're not and I
know it's not Donkey Kong already it's
Mario Final
Fantasy I look like
at least it's a audio
SN
SE all right we got 9 minutes
left okay just going to do a big
Showcase of games
now Hollow night so
song Someone literally asked this
earlier there's a farming game wow we
didn't even get any farming simulators
today that's kind of crazy for
[Music]
Nintendo what is this
wild I love this art style so cute
[Music]
[Music]
fast Fusion oh my God I thought that was
fzero for a second
[Music]
[Music]
there's a lot of games coming out this
year that looks
terrifying we already need this we going
to
come arcade
archives objection
[Music]
[Music]
toi the last the last one from our
development partners
[Music]
Castlevania is this um Resident Evil so
like I give
you my
blood I give
you my life
life
turn a
wheel and transport
him to a night of
moonlight I'm sure that human Some Devil
May
Cry freaking I don't know
[Music]
from soft blood what
whoa bloodb what what's going
on there's no way it's bloodborne 2
there's zero shot they announc that with
the switch
to but what the freak is
this no way
[Music]
[Music]
I mean anything from soft gets me
excited
[Music]
[Music]
this is not it's definitely not
bloodborne but I don't know what it
[Music]
is close your eyes and contemplate now
the moon as beit the soon to
depart I pray that you are able carrier
of
blood T-Rex what the freak is
this I just can't believe we're getting
a from sof launch game on the switch to
and one
alone The Dusk bloods oh so it is just a
brand new IP from okay fromsoft is lit I
am so okay with
this
wow okay
only on what kind of bag Nintendo play
pay to get aoft game only on the switch
what all
right cool I
mean true do they have to pay
that's that's so
[Music]
cool this should be probably one more
game and I'm going to I'm praying it's
3D Mario game please 3D Mario game cuz I
know it's not DK I know that 3D Mario
Mario Mario Odyssey 2 Mario Odyssey 2
Mario Odyssey 2
is that cppy it's a star a star it's
Kirby Kirby looks like the star Kirby
rides smash no what the fre is it is
Kirby the last game they announced is a
Kirby game wow or an or
smash
no why
[Music]
is
[Music]
air
ride what in the wow that is not what I
expected wow that is not at all what I
expected at
all all I was saying Diddy Kong Racing
but that's really freaking
cool wow that is not what I was
expecting
Cirby which originally released on the
Nintendo GameCube
[Music]
system oh no there is one more this has
got to be Mario it's got to be Mario
it's got to be
Mario Mario Odyssey
2 yep definitely Mario Odyssey 2
definitely Mario Odyssey 2 100% Mario
Odyssey 2o
[Music]
100% it's it's it's Odyssey it's so
Odyssey wait that look like that look
like Diddy Kong for a second and my
[Music]
heart
no oh my God yes what did I say what
what did I say what oh my God oh my God
yes oh my God I told you I told you I
freaking I'm going to cry I'm going to
cry freaking go I told
you I'm going throw up I'm going to
throw up it's an odyssey DK I'm going
I'm so I'm so oh my God oh my God I'm
soorry I'm going to
cry oh
so oh my
God
I'm oh my god dude
no
no there's no way there's no way oh I'm
[ __ ]
I'm actually shaking oh I'm going to
throw up everywhere I'm so
happy oh my
God oh my God I freaking told yall I oh
my God it looks so good I'm so happy I
told y'all I told you at the beginning
of the stream there was a rework done
for a reason and that's because of a new
game show up
oh my God please sell good every if if
all of you don't buy this I'm going to
be so pissed Diddy Kong Diddy Kong Diddy
Kong was that more 717 what date is
that oh my God I'm going to
cry oh my God
oh my
God I'm
actually oh
my it looked like
Odyssey oh my
God oh my
God oh my God
my God I please can be J or
anything I can't believe it I actually
can't believe
it as soon as I saw the monkey bro I
just I given up hope there's no way the
last game they announc is D no freaking
way oh my God I'm shaking I'm actually
Shak I'm so
oh thank
you oh my God I love youall thank you so
much I'm so
happy oh my God I'm crying again I can't
believe it it's too good to be oh my God
it's a 3D game oh my God I can't stop
crying I'm so happy right now oh so oh
my God I did not actually cry oh my God
I can't stop I'm giggling I'm so happy
right now I can't believe that just
happened oh my God I'm so happy right
now oh my
god oh my god dude answer Vin bro I
can't stop crying that's what you needed
brother I oh my God I can't believe it
dude dude thank God I literally dude
when it was punching at the wall I go I
think as soon as I saw the monkeys
mining at first I thought it was Odyssey
too CU I thought too cuz I I I I I told
him at the beginning of the stream I was
like yo they gave him a rework for a
reason he's definitely getting a game
it's going to happen but I didn't think
it would be the last game that was like
there's no way this is the launch title
that was amazing that was amazing oh my
God cool name too
Bonanza dud had the Donkey Kong Country
like Sid scrolling part the game that
was cool it's so it looks so good dude
it just looks like an odyssey cuz
there's been rumors for the last like
five years that the Odyssey team was
working on a DK game but when it didn't
announce on like the the 40 year
anniversary everyone gave up on it
including me I actually cannot believe
that yeah that was electric dude they
announced so much too not even just this
like there's so much coming oh this was
Vin yeah Luke you can call too dude this
was a phenomenal dude everybody's
texting me yeah the second the second he
appeared I just said your name I was
like yes K dude everyone even like my
one of my best friends from like uh uh
grown up Matthew his older brother text
me like out of nowhere that was so
electric that was so electric I can't
believe that oh my God I have a freaking
caffeine headache I I chugged the coffee
during that I was so freaking hype I'm
so Happ I can't wait to watch your
reaction dude as soon as as soon as I
saw the monkeys and I saw a punch I
heard his I was like no way dude dude my
bit for every direct for the last five
years has been yo Imagine Next up we
hear I can't do it anymore oh my God my
bit is dead all right I add Luke hold on
we got to make a new grp oh that
was oh my God Nicole
gentlemen dude Electric City I was just
going
through yo that was so H I can't dude as
soon as it happened I went from freaking
like a th000 viewers to
4,000 yeah yeah yeah this is your moment
man this is your
moment this was it bro it could not I
just couldn't stop cry I couldn't stop
giggling I could po TR just rejoiced for
Dylan at that singular moment oh my God
we both had the same reaction I was like
marot 2 Mario 2 and then I saw the
monkey I was like wait a minute I saw
the little monkey like oh look like
Diddy Kong wait and then my heart sank
and then I I saw the punch I'm like no
that wouldn't be Mario punching and then
I heard his voice and then I just oh my
god dude dude the I thought we were
getting another smash game I thought he
was going to like land in
in I did not expect Kirby Air Riders I
thought that was that was going to be
the smash right there when they was
falling in I thought he was going to
fall in I can't believe that's their
launch title not Mario I swear please
everyone buy this freaking game so he
can come back alive please dude I I made
some crazy call outs in that I literally
said GameCube and then went dude that
was see the games coming their lineup is
incredible XD as the dud and they have
that uh they have that exclusive title
Dylan that's like a a made the eldering
people bro I know dude they had to give
such a bag for them to come solo lead to
Nintendo bro this was this is probably
one of the best directs I've obviously
even besides a fromsoft a from soft solo
Nintendo game insane GameCube Wind Waker
XD Coliseum all those incredible uh
literally even Soul Caliber 2
DC all that also like I tried to tell
everybody I was trying to explain to
people about the generational leap we've
had in technology in the last eight
years when the last switch came out no
one thought we were going to get 120 FPS
nobody thought we were getting 4K but
the graphics card technology and the and
the hardware has gone it's gone so far
over the last like 10 years it I'm I'm
just happy that we can look at switch
games now and be like you know this is
this game's going to run amazing it's
going to run great I can't believe it's
real dude that this feels like a fever
dream dude I go I go oh honestly too I
can see Mario running around these
environments I see a little dumbass
monkey with a pickaxe I'm like wait even
even this like mining area gave me DK
Vibes and if you look if you look it
says bed banana it says like there's all
little banana reference in that you just
don't pick up on it when it's in the
moment like well I had obviously not had
any faith it was going to be the last
game so like I had faith I said I said
at the beginning of the stream I said if
there's anytime we're going to get a DK
it's now he just got a rework they gave
him a rework for a reason they gave him
a new theme park that's been out I said
if there's any time it's now but I did
not expect it to be the last game well
dude it makes sense too they made a
whole Donkey Kong world like a theme
park they his own movie coming out
probably in a couple years like there's
there's a lot of Donkey Kong motion
right now yeah we got the price guys how
yeah so how much cuz that's what I was
wondering the whole I said
500 it's apparently
395 which is about about 500 bucks
that's that's a good deal I mean for if
if it runs how it says it's going to run
that's a good deal I just like that we
have a fan in the dock that's huge man I
I when I started seeing like Zelda and
stuff like that running like in higher
resolution and like 60 FPS I was just
like this is this is it to 1080p 120 FPS
Pokemon games I get to play DK in 4k
literally bro I love by the way that
we're getting Za like an A version only
for the switch 2 cuz I kept wondering I
was like they're they announced so much
for Za and I'm like are they going to be
able to take advantage of the switch 2
Hardware even though it's coming out on
the switch as well but there's going to
be that advanced version for it which it
looks really nice it definitely I feel
unless I'm crazy it looks better than
the footage that they've shown amazing
oh D it looks amazing 100% like just
even seeing the way that the characters
move we've been struggling with scarlet
and violet with the frame drops and the
buggy n and looking at just a couple
clips of the character moving like
butter like that it's like finally we're
moded we're finally oh I need my I need
I need I need my baby to not come until
like Late July cuz I have to stream this
DK game on launch oh dude you have to I
can't by the way there's a there's a uh
a New York event on the 4th to the 6th
of a handson switch 2 event and I might
have to go there live with the chat that
that's kind of electric yeah dude I
can't believe it's an actual three dude
I swear I was like yo Kirby got another
game before DK I was about to be I said
I thought the same thing I go Dylan is
going to lose his mind they brought
Kirby Kirby cart I I didn't even know
that was a game that existed already go
yeah dude everyone in my chat blew off I
blew uh dude that makes getes me hope
that maybe Diddy Kong Racing could come
back one day like if this does well at
the end dude I thought for sure Diddy
was going to land on him and then he
just got go oh never mind it's just
that's what I said I go Diddy didy didy
didy I they put Diddy in because of the
problem with like rare not being
involved and stuff like that right cuz
isn't didy Kong product of rare they own
rareware that's but he rare is owned by
Microsoft but did also in country and
Country Returns and uh or uh Tropical
Freeze the remake of Country Returns
that had didy Kong in it that was an
absolutely incredible direct I'm I'm so
[ __ ] happy man and the craziest part
is I mean call me crazy that that
doesn't mean we're not getting a new
Mario launch title no uh I I would say
not I would say not launch but I bet
next
year us price the US price is
$449.99 that's actually in that's
amazing when you compare that to like a
PS5 or uh the new Xbox one yeah yeah I
mean I I I said if we get this anywhere
near 400 I'm actually shocked and that's
going to be a great price in this in oh
dude I'm so happy I cannot what did you
guys think comment down below I'm going
to make a highlighted video of this
because it was a very exciting director
it was really exciting bro it was so
good I got it from soft game and DK I I
don't think I could physically get a
better rir for me I I just I have to
highlight I know I'm The Tech Guy sort
of thing right but but the specs on this
thing are like Blowing Me Away dude when
I saw 120 FPS I was shocked I Hon I
didn't know what we had or what we
didn't have already so I didn't like
lose my mind but I'm realizing how crazy
that is now the cont if you run the
console handh you get 720 display right
but there are actually a lot of games
that people would develop for they'd
have to under under [ __ ] it and under I
think like there was like Red Dead
Redemption or something like that
running like 560p or put in perspective
any the steam deck is at 60 FPS wow wow
so
really that's why I was actually shocked
that there was I was like there's no
freaking way this thing is 120 I know
Shady was popping off about that cuz
that's what he wanted more than anything
was frame rates so that's only do though
right that's not no that was that was
handheld so handheld so handheld you can
get you can get 720p at 120 FPS or you
can get 60 FPS at 1080p on handheld
which is 720p over uh with 120 FPS any
day I mean at the moment we get 720p and
30 frames a second so to get 1080P and
60 portable is already an incredible
like leak like that's that's that's
incredible that's awesome but to get 4k
60 which means this is this is what this
means right if the switch can handle 4K
60 that means if you go and play the
game at 1080p 120 FPS there's going to
be no stuttering because if it could
have been handling quad that resolution
so it's going to run these games so
smoothly it's got a fan built into it to
cool it down listen when we do Mar party
together we have that switch to camera
and we're all playing the game on
streaming that is cool I wonder how much
that camera is going to I can't wait
they update their site with all the
pricing I only thing I was really s that
was one thing I was set I was hoping
they give us a world on jamere for the
expansion yeah that would but they they
added a [ __ ] ton though a
lot in 120 FPS 10 brother it's going to
look look feel so I hit Masters last
night oh let's go yeah Masters big man
Blastoise bro big
W it's so amazing I love when Tech comes
out with a new version and the old one
just looks like [ __ ] now like the switch
literally looks
archaic it is at the was the switch was
using Hardware from like 2015 that's 10
years ago we had so much development
time over the last 10 years that's just
incredible dude in Mario Kart World
looks insane it does look good I am so
happy with it because dude the I know
next week free the free roam thing dude
I used to do that in Mario Kart 64
anyway I would just not pay attention to
the race and just drive around and look
at stuff CU you go to the castle go down
the train
track yeah dude that the fact that you
can just do that is so cool bro one
thing we didn't even talk about either
the the chat the chat feature is insane
casually has Discord built in that's
sick yeah I I I'm it's hard cuz it's
like people have been doing that for 10
years now it's
like awesome I'm glad that they finally
did it I mean like the being able to
screen share in game and stuff is also
pretty sick having cameras on and stuff
yeah that's sick that is co also I bu
Mario party we can all play together on
my copy
is that's locally okay well that's still
that's still cool it's that they did
that back in the day with the DS they
had DS download downlo play that's
exactly why I said yeah because we used
to do that when we didn't all have Mario
Kart they would hop in you could play
Shy Guy and You' still be able to play
it was so cool dude I I love the uh the
magnets 2o versus the slid in there's
just so much
ra yeah the joy rail suck just be real
they were they were Innovative at first
its time but this is definitely a way
better right new Pro controll I'm going
to get this tattooed over my chest Pro
controller with the with the the back
buttons ly I [ __ ] started screaming
losing my
mind I literally went got
one yeah
dude people in chat Phil was saying oh
no a do shaking in their boots cuz like
now Nintendo has
own will always have the fact that you
can change you can still like the Pro
Controller now gets the two customizable
buttons in the back
but
CH Pro Controller can also do that then
they are a little bit
inou I can't believe they kept the
headphone jack on this thing in 2025 no
headphone jack on the on the original
one and everybody does have a headphone
jack nowadays so that you can have like
voice chat and stuff like that the Xbox
360 did that years ago youly done that
because you can then obviously put your
own headset in with a microphone on it
and talk to people while you play the
game which is how it should be listen
they they [ __ ] killed it they knocked
it out of the park and the cool thing is
like we know eventually we're going to
get a 3D Mario platformer oh yeah that
like this the DK was obviously always up
in the air you never know if you're
really going to get one but the Mario
it's Mario they're going to they're
going to give you another Mario so that
I'm not Mario Kart right dude dude and
Zelda fans are eating they get another
one to two games every year the movie
think about think about think about the
um as well when switch One released the
launch titles were super bber man R and
they were po po tetras that was like all
they had so like breath of wild was a as
a launch title there's also breath of
wild also that that was also me to be
developed for the Wii U it just came out
late right so Swit anyways but what the
most important thing that for me just
watching this direct is that how many
developers are flocking to the switch 2
to develop for it because it's finally
got the power to run their game I mean
the fact that bloodborne or not
bloodborne but fromen ring is on this
thing now dude elen ring looks good
Dylan it game like it's just it's so
good with the switch one it felt like no
one would have touched that thing with a
pole right because it was like oh I
don't want to develop for this cuz it's
so you know it's so I can't believe thof
is doing a solo game for them that that
is insane so s they hav't done that
since PlayStation with bloodborne like
that's that's
it dude that was insane oh my god dude
dude this Donkey Kong game looks fun too
like you can just break the entire
environment he's so strong
it's just oh dude it's so it's going it
looks like so satisfying to collect
things you know that that was that was
absolute electricity dude if anybody can
get me any like links on like
information about like pre-orders on
this thing or pricing just so I have
like a source I dude I can't believe
we're going to have in what Less Than 3
months it's yeah literally literally
less April than May than June so it's
just two months it's basically in 3 days
man's rewatching the video like it's
going away I just can't believe it oh my
God s tweeted about the fight I don't
know how they know
though I just actually can't believe
this is a real thing dude gen 10 we
haven't even talked about this either
gen 10's going to look ridiculous yeah
dude I can't wait Joe needs to sight his
Source I don't know where he's gotten
this from so I'm just curious what did
Joe say well he said during this day
this uh they confirmed the console will
launch on June 5th 2025 it will cost
£395 uh $449
and
49980 Yen on
launch oh they just posted about Donkey
Kong bananas I can't believe it comes
out on July uh 17th too Dylan so it
comes out a month after the switch
launches yeah yeah yeah that count as it
doesn't count as a launch title but
like though is it and Mario honestly
came out what like I think it was like
six to eight months after one came out
so like you know we still have listen
they said there's going to be a whole
bunch of stuff they're going to be
talking about how do you like his design
I I think he looks really good I think
that one pixel you couldn't really tell
but in his own game he looks phenomenal
yeah jumping the G model in Mario Mario
World actually I thought it looked cute
the whole time it looks like the one
from the movie right and everyone he was
great he was
great he does get that
information the logo is sick too yeah
everything about
it that's so electric
man dude you know man like that the when
the movie comes out this game performs
well and it's actually a really good
game oh my God Donkey Kong fans are
going to be I know so back I really I
can't believe they actually they didn't
even do Aid scroller they really just
did a 3D game I actually just can't
believe it so [ __ ] hype dude oh the
only thing that would make it better if
didy Kong is in the is in the game but
even if he's not it still looks great
imagine they're all in the game didn't
show them yet like you unlock them as
you go or something that'd be really
hard I can see it not being cuz it looks
like a very it looks like its own
version of Odyssey like that's exactly
what it looks like well it's the same
team right so it's going to look similar
yeah that makes sense why we haven't had
Odyssey 2 as well they've been working
on
this and if this is anywhere near as
good as Odyssey Odyssey was so good it
was just seeing this this just made me
always like you have to be kidding me oh
yeah I literally I couldn't believe it
when when I saw 120 I go what the
Nintendo just skipped like 10 years of
their own like like Tech yeah what's
crazy is I want you to know about 6
months ago I replaced all my HDMI cables
and I replaced all my capture card stuff
be just in case you got a 120 FPS
console and now I can capture at 120 FPS
as well I'm so excited [ __ ] do I have
that with my uh with my
in get new Capt C at 120 but like to be
honest with you it because you want to
make sure the pass through so you can
watch it in 120 right we're going have
to get new capture
I already did
it see what I got here this 100 dude
this
is this game looks
gorgeous yeah no I'm I'm really excited
I'm really excited man it looks like
it's emulated I'm not being funny it
looks emulated the Pokémon
yeah they finally decided to give DK
some pants I didn't even noticed that
yet he has an actual outfit he overall
and stuff that makes because he's so
high graphic now like he'll his ass
would just be out yeah he'll be he'll be
like Marvel Rivals bro Che up they had
to give him a freaking pants the only
problem right is like I think Za is
going to be is going to look beautiful
like model wise but like even just
looking at things like what I put in the
chat now like you can see how low
resolution the textures are so it's not
going to lend well to these up frame
rates these like these better like
looking stuff so they need to be need be
making a little
more as far as I'm concerned I this
might be a crazy take like Za in my
opinion just like a bonus game for us
gen 10 going to really be like and and
listen now they have the there is I want
to get like intense here but like
there's no excuses now you have the
hardware to make a game that can
literally change the Pokemon landscape
not to be dramatic but like do it give
us voice acting give us Graphics that
are like people should look at it and go
there's this is not a Pokemon game
there's no way yeah like it should be
absolutely beautiful gorgeous yeah there
is no excuse anymore they have the
budget they bro they're the biggest IP
in the world literally like come on
literally let's go
baby oh I got to pee give me one sec oh
my God what's up Christina how you doing
oh this is so exciting
man when they when they when they told
us the resolution conso and the frame
rates and stuff I stood up and I yelled
bro I scream I've lost my
voice just from talking Kong yeah I I
listen I the second I saw her man you
the full front of my mind like must be
going absolute Bonkers right now I'm so
excited the GameCube man the new
controllers the new hardware new games
camera it's gimick it's a bit gimmicky
but like at the same time I think it's
going be great for Content especially
like Mario Party and stuff like we we
have we are eating that was a fantastic
direct oh yeah that was a great direct
bro there was so much that we got for
that this is one those times I wish I
was your streaming next to you cated
with you
oh my god dude I actually can't believe
it Mario Kart World looks incredible
yep I'm happy that they didn't like do
any you know they didn't just repeat
actually did something different with
the Mario Kart game right that that was
I mean the little wall running kind of
thing too with the jumps the the
grinding on the P the it was like the
outfits changing too like the free roam
it looks like there's there's a lot of
new characters smooth game that's my new
that's my new wallpaper by the
way this is my new wallpaper chat smooth
gameplay up to 120 FPS oh my god
[Music]
dude
bro incredible
man HDR support too oh my
God I actually can't believe
this oh [ __ ] the games are going to be
80 bucks sa that's wild that's actually
Wild I figured there was going to be
used to be 50 bucks when I was a kid not
to sound like a [ __ ] boo they used to
be used to be like used to be 30 to me
when I was a kid
w i mean listen I don't I don't mind the
higher price point with the better
quality like that no I don't either I
think and the rest of it right end up
likeing out as business expens for us I
hope that it can be affordable be made
for people Nintendo is always for that
but I'm going to be real I'm I'm going
to be a little bit selfish here I am
just glad they finally brought the
hardware to the modern age because I hav
playing with this cons for a while now
dude it's it's it's 10 years old it's
you know what I
mean think about it this way too it's
like think about think about the I know
it's a different type of qu product but
like look at the iPhone and you go 10
years ago compared the 10 years ago
iPhone to today you can't even use the
one from 10 years ago anymore it's so
old like yeah that's the thing is it
yeah
I putting out new games for this [ __ ]
thing 11 well you know what even wor
about that is it's
was I can't believe actually I just
can't believe
itare literally stare at this all day
Pokemon Champions yeah Pokemon Champions
when that run oh dude that's going to
look beautiful when I didn't even think
of that yeah that's true oh yeah dude
that's GNA be
insane I might have to name my child
Donkey Kong now Luke does does
emulation get even better because now
games are developed organically at a
higher resolution or it doesn't matter
okay so this is how it's going to work
right if someone's okay listen Nintendo
don't kill me so we got like the um like
somebody will eventually like remember
the switch came out the switch one came
out in like 2016 17 somewhere around
there and then the emulator for it
wasn't really working until like you
know like 21 right it takes a long time
to develop an emulat for something like
this right so if the games like for
switch to Edition like for example if
like Legends arus runs at 12 FPS and
then you try to emulate that it's going
to be a lot harder to emulate but once
it's figured out and stuff like that
you'll be able to boost the resolution
even
further I can't believe
it right
now how did this even happen we actually
got it it's now developed to to look be
to be looked at in 4k and then you also
get the 120 FPS if you in 1080P so when
emulation does come around it's going to
be a pretty crazy scene but it's that's
not going to happen until like I If I
had to make a prediction I don't that's
going to happen until 28 29
I'm so excit I I I'm I swear to God the
subathon like changed me like where I
think I'm actually going to start gaming
like off stream which sounds crazy but
like when I'm like laying in bed at
night I could see me playing unite on my
new Switch I'm so excited for this dude
if we listen when we play when we play
unit at the moment we we we peek at 60
and it sometimes trickles down to like
50 and when you're on the jump pad
sometimes it even goes down to 30 right
but like to have a smooth experience I
actually want to claim my dailies I want
to claim my dieses I want to I want to
claim my stuff oh my God
dude what a time to be alive for if
you're a Nintendo Fan Man yep yep hell
yeah baby can we get like can I get 20
gifties so I can write off this board
please that' be great someone help this
man out baby I want to change number to
four please D um in the in the
screenshot you sent me yesterday by the
way I noticed it said um pending can you
check to see if it fully is approved or
if it's still pending I I don't mean to
bother you I'm just I'm so anxious until
this thing gets to my account cuz my
financial adviser is like blowing me up
going are you guys sure you double
checked and you know like yeah duple
check just want to make sure while I got
you oh Rich my baby boy thank you for
the five gifted that's my go Richie wait
Rich get in here bro I want to hear what
Rich has to say five five tra for L I
can't add him I think someone else has
to do
it dude I am so excited
man oh my God this is so
hyped yeah I genuinely can't even
believe it I'm I am genuinely especially
after the week you've had very very
happy for you that was what you you
needed this you needed this power up
Alex actually gifted my my Boomer ass is
still selfishly hoping we get like the
old games now remade on this console
imagine Mario 64 they only listed they
only listed only a few games man you
never know they might end up bringing
like they're going to bring more games I
I think about how many games I mean
obviously the switch has been out for 10
years but there's what a thousand switch
games probably Vinnie where do you see
in the that picture I said that says
pending I don't see um at the bottom of
it when you click into it it says after
my address pending and that was
yesterday when you said it already left
oh my God thank you Nicholas oh oh that
that that the Discord screenshots oh no
no I I just want to make sure hopefully
it still says pending because I still
don't have it my goat my actual goat my
actual goat Chad I'm so so there there's
no OLED huh that's that's a little weird
no I figured there's going to be an OLED
version at launch but I guess did they
say did they say it was LCD they did
which that if I if I have to be like a
little bit of a complainer that kind of
[ __ ] blows because like technically
imagine the price if they made OLED as
well like at least give us the option
though to spend more right doesn't that
mean the screen on the OLED is
technically better than this screen on
the switch 2 only only only for probably
like Fidelity and color and stuff like
that it's still lower resolution this
new one's higher resolution with higher
frames per second right so it's still
and realistically again it's it's old
Hardware so I still feel like it's going
to be okay I do feel like finding an
OLED panel to put on a device like this
that's as small as that that does 4K and
does 120 FPS might be listen that's
going to be oh that's you know on the
there only 10 a on handheld isn't it but
like it's still I feel like that would
make the price ridiculously expensive I
primarily play it docked anyway so like
I don't really I'm not too pressed I
might have to get another monitor ly
just for my switch because I still do
the Elgato
virtual when I'm playing all my games I
might have to get a monitor right here
for just my switch 14 14
bet they announce a new Mario exclusive
at the end of the Mario Kart World
Direct that would be [ __ ] cool if
it's a Mario Kart World Direct Direct it
will be a Mario Kart World Direct
because they want people they want
people watching and they know they're
going to get the Mario Kart fans
watching that but Mario Kart fans might
not also you know if they know there's
only going to be Mario Kart stuff in it
they're not going to go and tune into
that right they're going to want people
to have eyes on a new Mario dude Mario
Mario Kart looks really good especially
like you can just drive off the road the
[ __ ] shit's crazy so cool bro I can't
wait to just explore especially if the
world's pretty big
too I want them to update the website to
show us all the accessories I want know
how much that camera is my predictions
122 bucks that's what I'm 125 god with a
20 thank you oh my God I think it's
going to be like
60 I think it'll be lower I reckon it's
going to be like 90 I reckon it's got to
be some somewhat decent because the F
that the camera looked actually pretty
good especially when they were stood so
far away from it it's got to be a 4k
camera so oh
man that's still just insane oh
apparently it's
$49.99 camera holy [ __ ] that's
cheap website's up oh finally let me go
check it out I want to look at this
too where's it uh I'm about to find out
give me a moment I'm GNA have aend
switch
2 there's an official site but this has
been what I was looking at already yeah
this website this website I have right
now is not it does anyone have a you can
drop a link in chat I think if you're
mod camera's 50 bucks that's
electric the
DK can you do me a massive favor yeah
what's up if you go to a Discord
settings can you turn on Echo
cancellation so we can't hear our own
voices back through
Discord wait where if you that fixes his
headphone problem that would be I would
I would blow
you it's in voice and video just t on
Echo
cancellation okay right hello
you're not gonna hear it now but if I
turn yo oh my god dude it's still not
coming through it's G Luke you're the
best thanks man you're the [ __ ] best
where's someone said DK website where's
the DK
website oh they put me in a que I'm the
39,45 second person in this que that's
pretty cool my estimated weight time is
10
minutes this is the UK site too by the
way dude the American Site [ __ ] itself I
bet it did the American stream [ __ ] up I
had to come over to the [ __ ] to the
UK
version I did that earlier I noticed it
was out of sync I was like this is piss
oh it was out of sync the whole time I
was losing my [ __ ] mind yeah I went
to the UK one as well almost immediately
um wait do we have a link to the site
yet or no uh I'm in the UK one so I
can't really hand it to you oh that
makes sense I just typed I just typed
Nintendo store on Google and it took me
to the right
place should I go to this thing and
Manhattan live would that be electric I
think that'd be sick you could you could
if you yeah if they let you stream and
stuff then
sure Nintendo switch OLED with Mario
wonder I was kind of hoping for like a
Mario Edition that had like different
colors but like it's oh I'm gonna say
this as well now boys if I was you I
would buy
two oh I I think so I I I want keep a
box honestly yeah one in a box keep one
in a box because we might need it for
later I'll say that much yeah
buddy yo I might have to buy alarmo I'm
going be honest with you what the freak
is Nintendo switch
systems I wonder what the uh the regular
switch now's price will go to it should
get a price drop right wait wait I just
realized the Japanese price for this
console is 50,000
yen which is only 250
maybe it's an error no no I think it's
because yeah I start a text with my
friend saying apparently the end price
is really cheap but like think about it
50,000 yen is only
258 and in US dollar [ __ ] way this
thing 334 US Dollars yeah that's
physically
impossible well us got now because of um
but I think they I don't know it's less
it's likely less to produce in Japan and
apparently it's region locked I don't
believe
that I don't believe that for a
second yeah yen is 50,000 yen which is
like 250
pounds that's crazy got Japan got that
discount bro yeah and apparently the
Canadian version's like 600 Canadian
that's [ __ ]
brutal yo what my group chat that I went
to Japan with just said Japan trip in
June anybody
bring switches back I still can't
believe this [ __ ] Mario Kart game is
open
world that's so crazy that's so cool
though it's cool they still coming up
new things for Mario Kart chat you
should all go to the
freaking Nintendo thing or the Donkey
Kong trailer and like my comment that
United gamer was here well yeah I want
to do that which which one did you
comment on the
trailer you to probably go to the newest
ones in scroll Nintendo of America
Donkey Kong
banan oh in order to go to this Nintendo
event you need a
ticket interesting oh my god dude where
is Dylan's comment wait hold on I'm
trying to find it I would love to go see
this thing early
chat need my streamer backpack when did
you comment oh my God I mean it's
there's 1,200 comments it was to minutes
ago it says my heart is full United oh
there it is sa is there any way we can
get tickets for that and go that would
be so [ __ ] electric
[Music]
bro the game tagged in this Nintendo
America video is Donkey Kong from
1981 I'm trying to find you
Dylan 10 years later we're finally back
26 years took you long enough he are
Sav yeah my my group chat's popping off
by it being so cheap in my heart is full
I found you
Dylan a crazy stuff man actually crazy
stuff oh
man I can't believe it
dude I still think Nintendo needs to get
to the point one day where they're like
tapped into the Creator space and like
can you imagine if in the middle of the
Donkey Kong game there's a monkey that's
like hey Donkey Kong you want go mine
these rocks and his name's Dylan like
how [ __ ] crazy would that be what
they did that uh they put the game
grumps in let's go Pikachu and eeve
didn't they I didn't even know that
that's what I heard a long time
ago I think it was let's
go that would have been the trans that
would have the thing is that's not even
a Nintendo thing there right that would
have been the translator doing that and
sneak Gastly trainer uh psychic Aaron
and psychic
Danny yeah that's pretty cool this game
really looks like Odyssey though Dylan
you're so it's so Odyssey coded yeah I
could definitely if they would have seed
Mario with Cappy I wouldn't have thought
anything different like it looks woulded
yeah it looks he can ground pound pick
up rocks and then slam them he can go
underground he can throw the Rocks he
can basically break through any of the
environments you how many hidden items
are going to be like underneath like
grasslands and snow and all that [ __ ]
dude like a collecton as well it does
look like it's returning to root almost
right would make sense obviously as it
still holds the world record for the
most Collectibles of any video game ever
dk6 that game that game is preposterous
with how many Collectibles it has it's
actually
insane the uh the world too like the big
golden B I didn't even hear that hold
on when he punches it it goes oh banana
yeah yeah toward the end it's a little
like e I didn't even hear it the first
time I was too busy
screaming what I didn't even hear that
if you if you go to 151 in the trailer
it literally like it literally looks
like the Odyssey moons but they're like
bananas there's green bananas there's
like multiple bananas on on one I guess
stock I I don't know what the [ __ ] you
would call that yeah a yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah I see got be the Collectibles
like oh dude it's it looks so
pretty I can't believe H in the
Cinematic univers is Seth Rogan I still
can't even like I know absolutely insane
yeah we we won chat I think we won I
think we won sexy sexy girl monkey
followed by this evil monkey phone
holding Gremlin
monkeys this also yo Spike thank you
with the c with the c button built
in yo homie looks I'm buying four of
those are you kidding me I'm going to
buy 500 Donkey Kong games just to make
sure that he get love I will empty all
of my savings to make sure that they
know that people love him guys I got out
during the summer thought I'm going to
use all the money I made to buy
thousands of copies of Donkey Kong
Bonanza so it makes sure they make
another one thank you Jake dude honestly
you missed a lot go go back and watch
the direct cuz they announced a shitload
of stuff oh we have we have the bridge
prices yeah it's $
39599
that's 30b for the one with the bundle
with the Mario Kart yeah
39599 dude that's 140 more pounds than
the Japanese price that's crazy that's
crazy 70
bro
crazy I'm actually I did that with the
with the Mario um Mouse can you
cooperate I did that with the Mario uh
anniversary edition I have one that's
sealed
still I do that with games I really
really like know I love the one with the
sunshine Galaxy Mario 64 I have I have a
still copy
downstairs sorry I'm just watching this
over and over again nice me too me too I
can't stop now it's going to start
costing 160 bucks to do that my God 80
bucks a game actually is Yo inflation
sucks no dude games are going to be like
150 bucks I got a meal the other day
from Waffle House just a regular meal
was an $18 and I'm like dude W is
supposed to be the cheap place like I
could have went to a you would think a
nice restaurant for a burger and hash
browns can I just tell you can I just
talk to you
about we went to a we went to um Yaki
niku which is Japanese barbecue right we
ordered four Bear right how much do you
think four Bears cost in this Yaki niku
place four beers and this was in Japan
four P yeah four like pint pint glass
beers what the [ __ ] would that even be
here I don't drink beer would that be
like 20 bucks 25 bucks something like
that's what my dad said around I'm going
to guess the way you said it is cheap so
I'm going guess 12 yeah it was like five
it was like five bucks five USD dollars
for like five [ __ ] CRA and if you
wanted and if you wanted AIT like a like
a like a glass of Coke it was like 30
cents in some of these places man it was
crazy that is wild did you see uh you
know in Japan ly they have the I [ __ ]
forgot to tell you about this cuz I feel
like you would have Lov this they have
these places in Japan where um like
muscle mommies slap the [ __ ] out of you
at a bar have you ever heard of this I
have not bro so funny so you go to this
bar and like you'll order a drink and
muscle mommies will just like beat you
up while you take shots and
stuff we gotta go we gota go done sorry
I got super someone's name's K in my
chat I'm trying to read it I think it's
ruini
ruini Rini I'm going to copy her name
into translate her up
I can't stop yo this morning it was
[ __ ] 7:45 a.m. I'm in the shower half
asleep leveling music I'm being
redirected into the store put something
in the unite chat if you log into your
Nintendo account you uh you can check
back soon for retailer availability and
you can buy it from this
website I'll I'll put it in the general
here too yes so I got the prices on my
screen pre-orders for the Nintendo
switch consoles open from nintend my
Nintendo store from 0804 uh to reward
the most dedicated switch players in the
Europe and the UK the opportunity to
pre-order Nintendo switch console from
the my Nintendo store will initially be
offered as an invite only basis to
selected Nintendo switch online members
goldon
bananas banana if you uh if you've been
a Nintendo switch online member for at
least two years continuously by the 31st
of March 2025 with an active membership
on the day that the pre-order is placed
then you could then you get an invite
basically
that's crazy so
sick it actually also factors in your
play time if you have a certain amount
of play time playing purchased and paid
Nintendo switch games prioritizing those
uh with more Play Time wow Al we're good
op to receive promotional emails oh I
need to make sure I turn that on I need
to go to my account what is my I don't
even know what my Nintendo login
is and it wasn't a m DK is 70
bucks okay so it's not 80
oh it looks so good I need that to be I
can't believe you you know it's like one
of those things where it's like there
was there was some weird devious fun to
the game never coming and you're
reacting like each time but now that
that's over it's like bitter sweets like
yo you're finally getting your game but
like [ __ ] like part of the journey is
the end type Vibe you know what I mean
that's crazy oh my god dude I actually
can't believe
it he's still in shock man I be in shock
for the rest of day they delivered it in
the perfect way too like the fact that
they know they made it look they know
they made it look like Odyssey like in
the trailer looked just I like how they
had a grand reveal for him too you know
like they didn't just they didn't just
like have him swinging on a vine into
frame it was like wait is this is this
DK yeah yeah all right I'm logged into
my Nintendo account so how do I I gotta
go eat stuff I got to record with Shady
in a second but okay pleasure boys I'm
going to go just sit in the shower and
just dream and Ponder D have have a
great day man also check your phone when
you get the chance don't
rush
oh dude that's so [ __ ] that's so
[ __ ] awesome should I get the one
with the Mario Kart bundle I'm probably
gonna do that might as well right I'm
definitely gonna buy the game yeah I
registered interest so the Mario Kart
bundle 500 the the regular USD price is
450 yeah that's actually insane
what does a PS5 go for if I want to go
buy one today 500
600 uh PS5 I think it's 500 4505 four oh
you can get them for 400 now they've
been out for a while they I think they
at launch they were
500 that was that was uh like that was
before Ren like five six years
ago Mario Kart World Donkey Kong Bonanza
Metroid Zelda Hades 2 split
fiction oh let's check out the
accessories chat okay all right every I
can't register for interest on mine I
can't do that thank you all for hanging
I'm going to go say Bye uh and I'll
catch you boys
later love you guys bye love you bye bye
all right guys wow I actually can't even
like I really can't believe it I need to
honestly post the
video the clip um I need if anybody I
don't know if anybody has like the 4K
YouTube downloader wants to crop out
that and send it to me but if not I can
do it later thank you all so much I
actually just can't believe this
actually happened I am going to go eat a
banana I'm not even in a joke I'm
literally going to go eat a
banana I actually can't believe this
thank you all so much for hanging with
me is the the perfect thing I could have
received today I got a from soft game in
Donkey
Kong I'm super happy thank you all so
much I'll see you all later and uh yeah
thank you all for the kind words and the
prayers and everything with the family
I'm going to go I don't I can't even
breathe right now I'm so happy with that
I can't believe it I actually can't
believe it thank you all so much for
hanging I'll see y'all later let me uh
raid Vinnie for the subby wubby
Thon oh my god
dude all right guys love you all bye
everyone see you later