The Nintendo Switch, everyone's favorite
hybrid console that's officially on its
way out the door. With a full life cycle
of firstp party titles, we got some
incredible Nintendo games that highlight
their star-studded series and some
ridiculously loweffort mascot cash
grabs. Today, we're going to look at all
the heavy-hitting first-p partyy titles
for the Nintendo Switch and rank them
from worthless to elite.
Going in order of release, Breath of the
Wild launched alongside the console over
eight years ago now, which is insane.
This game took the gaming world by storm
and evolved openw world adventure games
to all new heights. The vastness of the
world and all the different ways you can
interact with it, the dozens and dozens
of shrines, the new crafting system,
more in-depth and engaging combat. The
game had it all, and it's the most
synonymous game with the Switch for good
reason. I mean, it won game of the year
in 2017. It's got to go up in Elite.
One, two, switch is the tech demo that
should have been bundled with the
console, but they got away with charging
50 bucks for. It's a miniame compilation
that showcases some of the gimmicky and
expensive features the Joy-Con just had
to have. And it's fun to play maybe once
with some friends, but that's the extent
of it. If it was packed in, I'd be a lot
nicer to it, but this is
worthless. Mario Kart 8 Deluxe started
out as just an enhanced port of the Wii
U game, which was the best Mario Kart
game to date and definitely deserved a
chance to succeed, which it really did,
becoming the bestselling game for the
console. Just the base 8 Deluxe deserves
the highest tier I can give. But when
they doubled the amount of tracks in the
game through the Booster Course Pass, it
made it even more undeniable. Elite.
Elite.
Elite. ARMS was a brand new IP from
Nintendo. They wanted to make a gimmicky
3D fighting game that took advantage of
Joy-Con controls, and they did just that
pretty darn well. The core gameplay is
solid. It's chocked full of that classic
Nintendo charm, and there's plenty of
extra modes that round out the
experience nicely. It's not an all-time
great, but they clearly put lots of
effort and creativity into it, and it
shows, so I'll put it above
average. Splatoon 2 might have been
titled as a sequel, but it's more or
less the deluxe treatment like Mario
Kart got. It got the experience over to
the Switch, added some new modes,
weapons, and maps, and flourished on
hardware that people actually bought. It
didn't shake things up that much,
though. It came out only 2 years after
the first game, and feels like they made
it just to get the IP over to their new
console. It's an enjoyable game for
sure, but retrospectively it's more of
an average entry in the Splatoon
series. Pokeen Tournament DX is yet
another quick and easy Switch port to
give a Wii U game an actual chance. Now,
the game itself I've never been a big
fan of. I think the concept of a Pokemon
fighting game is pretty interesting and
visually it looks beautiful, way better
than anything Game Freak's ever done,
but it doesn't click with me and is a
pretty loweffort port. Kind of lazy.
Fire Emblems, a series I just don't care
about, and these Warrior games have
never been my thing either. So,
combining the two and just being a home
console version of a 3DS game makes this
a pretty straightforward worthless in my
book. Mario Odyssey is my game of the
year 2017. I think it's one of the best
Mario games ever made, which really says
something, and it stays true to the
fundamentals that make the series great,
while also introducing the right amount
of new gameplay mechanics and
transformations to keep it fresh from
start to finish. All the different
kingdoms are a treat to explore. He's
never felt better to control and it's
easily a top tier Nintendo Switch game.
Snipper Clips isn't a major title for
the console, but the multiplayer
experience it offers is absolutely
topnotch. The premise is so simple, but
all the puzzles you can solve with it
are insanely cool and require a ton of
cooperation and teamwork. It's probably
the best co-op game for the console, at
least the best one I found. I can't give
it elite because it's not a systems
selling generation defining title, but
it's an outstanding game that I'd
recommend almost anyone give a shot.
Xenolade Chronicles is a wildly popular
JRPG series. The genre is not really for
me, so I haven't played any of them, but
the second game has received so much
praise since it released that I'm
willing to put it up an outstanding
experience. I'm going to reserve elite
tier for experiences I've had firsthand,
but the positive reception for this game
can't be ignored, and it may belong up
there. If you've played it, let me know
where you'd place it in the comments
below. Bayonetta 2 is a direct port of
the Wii U game. So, while the release
itself was kind of lazy, review scores
are crazy high, so you can't really
blame them for just getting the
experience unaltered onto the Switch.
It's another one I haven't played, but
I've seen numerous perfect 10 out of 10
scores for this game, so I'll put it
right up there with Xenolade
2. I'm a pretty big fan of the Kirby
series and platforming games in general,
but Star Allies just really didn't do it
for me. They brought back the ability
combinations from Kirby 64, which got me
hyped for the game. But the final
product felt like a redundant, bland
rehashing of the Kirby series,
especially after having played Return to
Dreamland and Planet Roboot. It's not a
bad game, but it's clear they just
wanted a Kirby game for Switch and churn
this out. It's a painfully average
entry. This is a direct port of DKC
Tropical Freeze with an added easy mode
featuring Funky Kong. Now, the port
itself was pretty halfass, but that
doesn't take away from this being one
of, if not the greatest 2D platforming
game ever made. The level design is
peak, the difficulty picks up fast in
the best way possible, and all the new
Kongs and abilities they bring to the
table shake things up a good bit from
previous entries. If 8 Deluxe can go
elite, I can put this one up there, too.
Now, charging full price for this after
marking it down to 20 bucks on Wii U
kind of sucks, but the game itself is
tier.
Like I said for the other Warriors game,
Hyrule Warriors is nothing special. And
this version in particular is just a
slightly improved port of the Wii U
game. I'll put it in kind of lazy, which
is higher than Fire Emblem because I
like the series better. And at least
it's a definitive edition. That one's a
one to one with a 3DS game. Sushi
Striker, the Way of Sushido is a fun
little action puzzle game that released
on 3DS the same day as the Switch. It's
not a substantial experience. It's not
an exclusive experience, and it
definitely feels like a 3DS game that
they quickly made work on Switch to
capitalize on the insane sales of the
console. Kind of
lazy. After Mario Tennis Ultra Smash,
Tennis Aces is a great bounceback for
the series. It's got polished gameplay,
fun stage gimmicks, power-ups, and a
full-on story mode, which is great. For
a Mario Sports game, it's really, really
solid. But in the grand scheme of
things, it's an average installment in
the
series. Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker
was a solid little puzzle game for the
Wii U. and getting ported to Switch made
sense, but wasn't very exciting. They
added some new Odyssey inspired maps,
slapped a $50 price tag on it, and
called it a day. It got slightly more
effort than other ports, but as a
standalone game, it's very
average. Again, I'm not an RPG guy, so I
wouldn't have played Octopath Traveler,
but the review scores lead me to believe
this is another best in the genre type
of game deserving of an outstanding
experience tier.
At a time where Mario Party games would
not stop getting worse, Super Mario
Party showed up, tried something new,
and gave Switch owners a pretty unique
party game. Boards were made grid-like
in design, allowing players more control
over their movement than ever, and
adding a layer of strategy that we never
saw before and probably won't see again.
The miniame selection was also pretty
great. So, while the review scores on
this one were kind of meh, it provided a
really fresh Mario Party experience, and
I love the creativity.
Pokemon Let's Go Pikachu and Let's Go
Eevee are yet another return to the
Kanto region, but they actually did a
fair bit to shake things up here. Most
notably, catching Pokemon now requires
the use of motion controls and makes you
physically aim and throw a Pokeball,
which is a neat concept that adds to the
immersion a good bit. You can also have
a buddy Pok√©mon that follows you around,
which is a feature people were begging
for since Heart Gold and Soul Silver, so
it's awesome to see finally brought
back. Compared to other Pokemon games on
Switch, I think this one has a good
amount of polish and unique ideas that
make it a worthwhile experience. I'll go
love the creativity
tier. Super Smash Bros. Ultimate is the
best game in the Smash Bros. series.
It's got the most characters, stages,
and items, and the most polished and
competitive gameplay. I love this
series. I played this game more than any
other on the Switch by far, and I'm
giving it the highest praise I can.
Elite. Mario Bros. U Deluxe is a pretty
solid platforming package. So, you get
the rudimentary generic Mario Bros. U
and the fast-paced, chaotic Luigi U,
which is a decent bit of content. Not a
whole lot was added, though. They added
characters that act as an easy mode, and
that's really it. It's a lazy port, but
I'm a sucker for Mario platformers and
understand why they did it. It's
average. Yoshi's Crafted World has a
super unique art style is what I would
have said back in 2010. The arts and
crafts theme is a cool one, but after
Epic Yarn and Willie World, it's not all
that visually distinct anymore. It's a
pretty standard Yoshi platformer. Easy
as piss, but great for a younger
demographic and still fun for just about
anyone. I'll put it on the same caliber
as Kirby Star Allies, a new adventure
technically that feels all too similar
to other recent
games. Mario Maker 2 takes what the
first one offers and makes it about 1.25
times better. Instead of four gameplay
styles, there's five. The OG4 have new
components that skyrocket the potential,
and the new 3D World style is possibly
my favorite to play around with. But
when they added a tab for other gameplay
styles and left it as just the one, I
couldn't help but feel like they planned
to do more, but were content with the
sales numbers as they were and just
abandoned the project. When it was
announced, I was worried about not
having a touchcreen to build levels
with, but they adapted the stage
creation tool to a traditional
controller really well, and it's a blast
to both bring your ideas to life and
play through other people's wacky
creations. The game's built around
creativity, so I got to say I love it.
Fire Emblem 3 Houses, another game I
haven't played, but review scores are
great, and it seems like the best
installment in the series on the
console, so I'll put it in outstanding.
And ask anyone that played it to let me
know of a better spot down
below. Link's Awakening is a beautiful
restoration of a Game Boy classic. The
new art style works incredibly well for
a top-own game like this, and it
polishes the experience to be everything
it wanted to be back in 1993. I don't
know if I should give it less credit for
being a remake, but it's obviously a
considerable upgrade and even by modern
standards, a phenomenal game. So, I'll
put it just a tier below
elite. Ringfitit Adventure is Nintendo's
more subtle attempt at getting
overweight fans off the couch. Instead
of a game like We Fit that turns
exercises into simple miniames, this
game takes a more standard feeling RPG
experience and works exercise into that
gameplay. And it does so really well.
It's a beginner-friendly RPG that makes
working out fun. And I think the idea
and execution are pretty darn
creative. Luigi's Mansion 3 has some of
the best visuals on the Nintendo Switch.
The characters are super expressive, the
animations are amazing, and the lighting
effects are top tier. Gameplay-wise,
it's been improved drastically from the
previous games. All the different types
of ghosts that require unique strategies
to take down are super refreshing. And
the new character, Guijigi, opens the
door to all kinds of innovative puzzles.
It's the best Luigi's Mansion game by a
long shot and is borderline a lead, but
probably fits better with the other
outstanding
experiences. Sword and Shield were the
first new generation Pok√©mon games to
come out for a home console ever. And
despite that being massive for the
series, The Jump doesn't feel as
substantial as you'd expect. It follows
the same old Pok√©mon formula that's fun,
don't get me wrong, but doesn't even try
to freshen things up like even Sun and
Moon did. And visually, it looks like a
3DS game upscaled through an emulator.
There's no additional effort put into
textures and environment building, and
it's clear Game Freak did the bare
minimum to get this on Switch. I want to
put it in kind of lazy, but it is still
an enjoyable game, so average
entry. Tokyo Mirage Sessions Sharp FE
Encore is another deluxe port of a Wii U
game, and apparently it's a good one,
but it's a JRPG, so I haven't played it.
I've seen it called Persona Light with
some Fire Emblem elements, and I think
that's a pretty cool combo if you're
into that sort of thing. For a port,
it's kind of lazy, but as a game that
was stranded on Wii U, it's great to see
it get a second chance. And review
scores seem to be generally favorable,
so I'll put it slightly above
average. Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Rescue
Team DX is the first remake of a Pok√©mon
spin-off, and they really didn't do much
to make it better. The originals on the
DS had some issues, and this game
doesn't address anything. It's basically
a half-ass port of an already lackluster
game. Pretty freaking lazy.
Animal Crossing: New Horizons came out
at the literal perfect time. The world
shuts down. Nintendo releases their next
big life sim game just days later. And
with all the free time, I played the
crap out of this game. I loved New Leaf
on 3DS, and this one adds just about
everything I could have ever wanted. New
terraforming abilities and being able to
place items throughout your island made
the customization a thousand times
better, and I had a wonderful time
building the town of my dreams. The new
crafting system gave so much more
meaning to collecting different
resources and gives players way more
control over the items they have access
to instead of waiting on Nooks Cranny to
randomly give you something you want.
Where Pok√©mon's jump to home console
felt obligatory and nothing more, this
feels like it had so much passion and
creativity jammed into it. And I can't
put it anywhere but
a Xenolade Chronicles Definitive Edition
is an enhanced port of the original game
for Wii. And like the second game in the
series, I haven't played this one
either. But I know it's also considered
a masterpiece, and we'll give it credit
as an outstanding
experience. Clubhouse Games compiles 51
classic card and tabletop games into one
little package. Charging 40 bucks seems
crazy when most of these games have a
free version for your web browser, but
it's less about the individual games and
more about the package as a whole.
Having all these fun little multiplayer
games in one convenient place is really
nice and it does exactly what it sets
out to, but it clearly wasn't given much
time and effort and can't be on the same
tier as other actual games. So, kind of
lazy. Paper Mario was a series in
decline. Thousand-year Door peaked.
Super Paper Mario was decent. Then,
Sticker Star and Color Splash tanked the
series, but The Origami King bounces
back in a really great way. First off,
making origami a key part of the plot to
a Paper Mario game is genius, and the
story overall is super engaging. The
writing is really strong, entertaining,
and has plenty of funny moments. The
battle system was also vastly improved.
The puzzle element of having to arrange
enemies in an optimal way is really
unique, and the boss fights flipping
that on its head and making you navigate
the Outer Rings was a really fresh
twist. It was a fun and colorful RPG
experience. And while it's not a mustave
on the console, I love the creativity
here.
Mario 3D AllStars is one of the laziest
Switch games I've ever seen, and it
makes this placement tough because the
three games included are bangers. Having
HD Mario Sunshine is awesome, and Galaxy
on the Go is a big dub. But they just
didn't put any effort into this. Why is
Mario 64 not in widescreen? I got to put
my personal bias to the side here. While
I love that these games are available on
the Switch, this package is one of
Nintendo's laziest, and I got to hold
him accountable.
Pikmin 3 Deluxe is clearly another Wii U
port, and a damn good one at that. I say
that having not played the game, but it
was perfectly reviewed on Wii U, and
this version adds content and quality of
life improvements, so I have no reason
to believe this is anything but an
outstanding
experience. Age of Calamity is another
Hyrule Warriors game that expands on the
plot points from Breath of the Wild.
Cool. I don't care. Gameplay is a
repetitive Dynasty Warriors ripoff, and
I feel like they're only releasing these
because they're easy to make and get
sales because Zelda
lazy. Mario 3D World plus Bowser's Fury
is one of the best ports Nintendo's ever
done. 3D World makes so much sense on
the Switch being a portable console, and
Bowser's Fury is a taste of what a fully
openw world Mario game would be. It's a
pretty short bonus game, but it's got a
lot to offer and blends more linear
platforming sections from games like 3D
World and Land with a more exploration
ccentric environment like 64 and
Sunshine. I can't wait to see if the
next 3D Mario game continues to build
off of this. But for now, this package
is an outstanding
experience. Despite the Wii U being the
perfect console for a new Pok√©mon Snap
game, they saved the series revival for
the Switch and it still worked out
pretty well. It was developed by Bandai
Namco, and it's immediately noticeable
because they actually put some effort
and detail into the environments, which
is crucial in a game centered around
photography. It's actually got a solid
amount of content for an on-rail
shooter, and it gives you a really
enticing and fresh look into the world
of Pok√©mon, above
average. Mtopia was ported to Switch
from the 3DS, and there weren't very
many additions to the game, but the
premise of using your own custom Miis as
characters in an RPG game is still
really entertaining. Once you get past
that initial charm, though, the actual
substance of the game is pretty so.
Beyond aesthetics, it's stupid simple,
like Ringfitit Adventure if it didn't
have the exercise element. It was fast
money for Nintendo and pretty low
effort. Game Builder Garage is more of
an educational software designed to help
people get into programming. It
simplifies the complex ideas and gives
players a very approachable and
enjoyable tool to help understand
fundamentals of game design and allows
players to flex their creative muscles.
It's not really a game, but I love what
they were going for with this one, and
I'll put it up and love the
creativity. Mario Golf Super Rush is a
really solid installment in the series.
The gimmick this time around is the
speed golf mode, where all players tee
off at once, chase their balls down, and
try to get it in the hole as fast as
possible. It spices up the golf formula
in a pretty cool way, and the fact that
there's a full-fledged story mode also
helps its case a good bit. I'm down to
put it on the higher end of Average. It
has some good ideas and feels new
compared to other games in the Mario
Golf series.
Skyward Sword is a really good Zelda
game that I'm glad's on the Switch, but
there was clearly not much time or
attention put into this. It's got better
performance and slightly enhanced
visuals, but not enough to warrant a
crisp $60 price tag. I'm going to put
this in the same tier as 3D Allstars.
It's an incredibly loweffort cash grab.
It should have been like 2030 bucks
tops. Warriorware Get It Together is
your classic Warriorware experience.
tons of micro games, oddities, and
personality, but it doesn't go above and
beyond what you'd expect. It's a
formulaic average
entry. Metroid Dread was the long-
aaited return of 2D Metroid, and I
haven't played much of the series, but
I've heard from countless people and
reviewers that it's the best 2D Metroid
game ever made, so I'll take their word
for it. Outstanding
experience. Mario Party Superstars
returns to a more classic Mario Party
formula. And even though Super Mario
Party had promise in its concept, they
abandoned it for the sake of making fans
happy. And I understand it. All 100 mini
games and five boards are old ones from
the N64 games that they brought back to
life. And despite five boards not being
that many, they just never added more.
It feels like they made this just to
appease fans of classic Mario Party and
not because they actually wanted to. So,
average entry at
best. Brilliant Diamond and Shining
Pearl are faithful remakes to the
original games and not much more than
that. The new graphical style looks
admittedly reallying cheap and there
isn't any additional content or quality
of life improvements for those that have
already played these games. I think
they're kind of lazy, but with the
source material being so good, I'll say
it's an average
release. Big Brain Academy: Brain Versus
Brain is another Brain Age type of game
with miniames that test your knowledge.
Except here there's a focus on
multiplayer. Except there's not. Despite
being packaged as a brand new game, most
of the mini games are just reused from
the Wii game. And even though it's
called Brain Versus Brain, there's only
one mode for multiplayer, and it's a mid
one at that. A game like this would work
perfectly on Switch, and this
understands that potential, gets paid
for it, but doesn't put in any work.
Super
lazy. Pokemon Legends Archus is one of
the most unique and innovative Pok√©mon
experiences ever. It's fully open world,
which is a major selling point, but the
world itself is incredibly lacking both
in things to do and detail. But having
wild Pok√©mon actually behave like wild
animals is so freaking cool. You have so
many options in how you want to battle,
fight, or flee any given situation. And
it makes the world of Pok√©mon more
immersive than ever. It's also
substantially more challenging than any
game in the series in years, which is
really nice to see. If it weren't for
poor performance and a somewhat empty
overworld, it'd be going crazy high, but
I still love the creativity and
experimentation all throughout the game.
Kirby and the Forgotten Land was the
most fun I've had with a Kirby game
probably ever. All his copy abilities
translate over to 3D surprisingly well,
and being able to upgrade them to bigger
and better versions is awesome. But the
best new addition is mouthful mode. It
allows Kirby to take on all kinds of
obtuse and weird forms that shake up
gameplay a ton. Now, the world themes
are pretty generic, but the way this
game adapts them to Kirby and this
post-apocalyptic setting makes them
still feel pretty original. I don't
really have any gripes with this game.
and even the difficulty picks up a good
bit at the end. So, it's an all-around
fantastic experience that I, as a
platforming connoisseur, think deserves
a leak
tier. Nintendo Switch Sports is a game
I've had some good times with, but I
can't act like it's a very good one.
Compared to Wii Sports Resort or even
the base Wii Sports that was packed in
with the Wii, this is extremely
underwhelming. Even with more precise
motion controls, things don't feel as
good for some reason, and the sports
selection was buns for the longest time.
Golf wasn't included with the launch
lineup when the Snoozefest soccer game
was, and basketball, my favorite Wii
Sport, took even longer. Just because I
have fun with this doesn't mean it's
objectively good. I can see right
through how freaking lazy this
is. Mario Striker Battle League is the
most shallow Mario sports game I've ever
played. There's no single player
content, no bonus modes, no variety in
arenas, just bare bones gameplay with
really nice visual effects. The playable
character lineup at launch didn't even
have Daisy. How? This screams lazy cash
grab to
me. Another Fire Emblem Warriors game.
[Music]
Yippee. Xenolade Chronicles 3. Another
near perfectly reviewed game that I'll
put an outstanding
experience. Splatoon 3 is the same
Splatoon experience. You get a new
single player campaign, some new modes,
weapons, and maps, and a couple more
years of support from Nintendo while the
second one slowly dies. It feels like
the jump from one Call of Duty game to
the next. There's some slight gameplay
improvements and additions, but nothing
revolutionary. Just another full $60
price tag.
Average. Bayonetta 3 is a similar case
to the second game. I haven't played it,
but it's super wellreceived, and
apparently the combat is vastly
improved, while the story kind of
underdelivered compared to the previous
one, so it balances out to go right up
there with it. Scarlet and Violet are
more of the same old Pok√©mon formula,
but this time they didn't even try to
optimize it. performance is absolute dog
water. And at launch, there were
glitches galore. It's clear they wanted
their yearly holiday Pokemon game and
pushed this onto market before it was
ready to make a quick buck. It's about
as lazy as it
gets. From what I've read, Fire Emblem
Engage has improved gameplay from Three
Houses, but the story and dialogue falls
a bit short. So, considering they're
also reviewed right around the same
number scores, I'm putting this game
right beside
it. The original Metroid Prime is widely
considered to be the best game for the
Gamecube. And this version modernizes it
with updated controls and visuals that
feel right at home on current gen
consoles. It's still the masterpiece it
always has been. And to top it off, they
only charged 40 bucks for it. A far cry
from a lot of their other remasters.
This one's a clear-cut
elite. Kirby Return to Dreamland Deluxe
is another pretty standard deluxe
treatment, but new is an additional
story mode in the Magalore episode. It
takes around 5 hours to beat and is
worth something, but doesn't warrant the
hefty price tag. I'll take it over
Skyward Swordsport, but it's no better
than Mario U
Deluxe. Bayonetta Origins dives into her
backstory a bit obviously and is a
pretty unique look for the series both
visually and in how Bayonetta herself is
portrayed. They went for this storybook
vibe and wanted to show Bayonetta's
journey to becoming an all powerful
witch, which they definitely succeeded
at, but gameplay-wise, it doesn't come
close to hitting the same high notes as
the main trilogy. Still, I'll give him
some credit for being creative and
making something incredibly good.
I don't play turn-based tactical games,
but the Advanced Wars series is
apparently cream of the crop. And this
remake scored incredibly high from just
about every review outlet. For what they
are, they seem like outstanding
experiences. How do you follow up one of
the greatest games ever made? Hell, if I
know, but Tears of the Kingdom took on
that daunting task and didn't fold. This
takes everything that made the original
so great and makes it better. a more
expansive world, more fun ways to
interact with and maneuver it. And
equally, if not more compelling
storyline, and an all-around stellar
experience that was well worth the wait.
Now, this one didn't win game of the
year, but it's still a really easy
placement.
Elite. As you can tell by the namesake,
Everybody One Two Switch is a follow-up
to the launch title that showcased the
Joy-Con, but this game takes away any
bit of fun that one had. The mini gamess
are so unoriginal and bland that I
guarantee you if you pull this out at a
party, you're not hearing from those
people ever again. Even with 6 years to
figure out how to make the Joy-Con
feature seem important, they fell flat
on their face. This is
worthless. Pikmin 4 was the heavily
anticipated follow-up to the acclaimed
Pikmin 3. And while it isn't as revered
as that game, it still received
incredibly favorable reviews. So, I
think outstanding experience suits this
one well.
One of Nintendo's most consumerfriendly
bundles of all time. You get the first
two Pikmin games on one cartridge for 50
bucks. That's really not that bad.
Making the full Pikmin series playable
on Switch is awesome, and these first
two games still hold up as amazing
playthroughs to this day. So, this
package is going right up there with
Pikmin 4 as an incredible
value. Detective Pikachu Returns looks
like a 3DS game that they threw on
Switch with no graphical upgrades,
except this was made for Switch in 2023.
There's hardly any facial animations.
The cut scenes are all in-game and look
like crap. And even the normal movement
and gameplay animations look straight
off the PS2. The mysteries you solve,
you know, the reason you'd play this
game are incredibly predictable. And
gameplay otherwise is non-existent. This
is one of the worst looking firstp party
titles I've ever seen.
Worthless. Super Mario Wonder is
debatably the best 2D Mario game ever
made. The game play is as pristine as
ever. The visual style has so much
flare, and the wonder flowers add a ton
of insanity to levels that bring the
experience to all-time heights. The new
badge system gives you some
customization in your move set. There's
all these new playable characters, and
all the new power-ups feel really
satisfying and fit right in with the
classics. I know it's not as big a deal
as a new 3D Mario, but this is the
perfect 2D Mario in my book, and
unquestionably goes elite
tier. Warriioware: Move It may look like
a unique installment on the outside. I
mean, Wario's decked out in vacation
attire. And the game has a cool tropical
island theming. But going just one layer
deeper, it's the same as Get It Together
with a somewhat fresh coat of paint. And
the amount of content here is incredibly
lacking, especially in single player.
So, it screams low
effort. Mario RPG Legend of the Seven
Stars is generally considered one of, if
not the best Mario RPG game of all time.
It keeps all the same charm and fun of
the original, but restores it with this
chibby art style that I don't love, but
works well enough for this
modernization. It runs perfectly
smoothly and holds up just as well as it
did in 1996. I'm going to put it as an
outstanding
experience. Mario versus Donkey Kong is
a remake of the GBA classic. It stays
faithful to the original game through
and through and doesn't add much beyond
a visual upgrade, and a not super
impressive one at that. It looks mobile
game quality and the gameplay itself
isn't as polished as we're used to from
the plumber, making it feel like a
pretty loweffort remake of an average
game, so kind of
lazy. Princess Peach Showtime is a
pretty ambitious game from Nintendo. Not
only is it Peach's first game since
2005, but it also tackles a ton of
different gaming genres in one whimsical
package. It tries to do a lot, which
makes it more of a jack-of-trades master
of none situation, but it's not trying
to be challenging or in-depth. It gives
you a taste of a wide variety of game
types and doesn't linger too long on any
one idea, which keeps it fresh the whole
way through. It's not a must-have
experience, but I love what it tries to
do, and I'll give it credit for being
creative. Thousand-year Door is
everyone's favorite Paper Mario game,
and this remaster perfectly captures the
experience, improves on it, and makes it
available on modern platforms. I'll put
it on the same level as the Mario RPG
remake.
Luigi's Mansion 2 HD is a port of the
3DS game with upscaled visuals. That's
it. Nothing new was added. Nothing was
improved, and they charged $60 for it.
That's the same price as Luigi's Mansion
3, which looks and plays miles better.
The game itself is still good, but this
port is lazy and overpriced. Play the
third game
instead. I've never liked the premise of
the NES Remix games, and Nintendo World
Championships NES Edition is more of
that same thing. It's a compilation of
various challenges across a vast library
of NES games, and it lets you play them
in ways you never would otherwise, which
can be refreshing, but it's really
nothing special. At 30 bucks, though,
the value proposition is definitely
there. I'll say it's an average
title. Echoes of Wisdom is a breath of
fresh air for the Zelda series, not only
because it features Zelda as the main
hero, but also because it takes a break
from trying to be Skyrim and goes for a
more traditional Zelda experience.
classic dungeons, a top- down overworld,
pretty linear progression. It feels like
something off the Super Nintendo in the
best way, while also adding a slew of
new gameplay mechanics through all the
echoes, which open the door to all kinds
of mind-bending new puzzles. It's not a
generation defining adventure, but it's
a stellar complimentary one.
Outstanding. Jamberee is the Mario Party
game the Switch deserves. It follows the
old school format, but features all new
maps, mostly new mini gamess, and plenty
of exciting gimmicks that make it feel
like it's not just emulating the N64 and
Gamecube entries, but expanding on them.
Mario Party 5 will always hold a special
place in my heart as the first one I
played, but this is now my go-to Mario
Party game for having people over. All
the trademark chaos and is
fully intact, and it's a great time for
all players. I can't put it up in Elite
because it's Mario Party, but right
below that feels right.
Brothership looks like a triumphant
revival for the Mario Luigi series after
an over 10-year hiatus, but it falls
short in a lot of areas that make the
series great. The story is lackluster.
The writing is nowhere close to as
snappy and engaging as other Mario RPGs,
and it suffers from pretty bad
performance issues that you wouldn't
expect from a game coming out this late
into a console's life cycle. Now,
visually, it looks fantastic, and the
battle system is more fun than probably
any other game in the series. So, it has
some things going for it, but shouldn't
go any higher than a pretty average
release. Donkey Kong Country Returns is
an excellent 2D platforming game, but
the fact that they once again charged
full price, this time for a Wii game
that's over a decade old, makes me have
to put this in the same tier as I put
the other lazy cash grabs. The game's
great, but play Tropical Freeze
instead. Just like the other Xenolade
games, this one's highly reviewed. I
haven't played it, and I'll put it in
outstanding to not piss off fans of the
series. Sound
good? Metroid Prime 4 isn't out at the
time of making this, but it's basically
the Switch's Swan song. It was announced
back at E3 2017 and is finally coming
out later this year. It looks like it
was worth the wait, though, so I'm going
to call it early and say it's pretty
likely to be an Elite. And the only
other game we know about is Pokemon
Legends ZA, but right now I don't think
there's enough info to place it, so I'm
not going to. And there you have it.